<!-- image -->

## WE STRIDE FORWARD IN UNITY WITH INNOVATIVE CHANGES

JVC

## Contents

| Corporate Profile  2  Corporate Information  4  Chairman's Letter  5  Financial Review  8  Management Discussion and Analysis  12  Employee Information  18  Board of Directors and Senior Management  19  Corporate Governance Report  23  Environmental, Social and Governance Report  38  Directors' Report  61  Independent Auditor's Report  72  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and  Other Comprehensive Income  76  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  77  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  79  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  81  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  83  Five-Year Financial Summary  184  Definitions  186   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE PROFILE

Celestial  Asia  Securities  Holdings  Limited  ('CASH  Group', SEHK:  1049)  is  a  multi-faceted  investment  conglomerate f ocusing  on  enhancing  client  experience  through technology  and  innovation.  Headquartered  in  Hong  Kong, we  serve  modern  consumer  needs  in  investment  and wealth  management,  lifestyle  and  home  improvement.  All our  businesses  share  a  common  mission  that  our customers'  interests  always  come  first.  Our  brands  are synonymous with good customer service, great quality and fabulous value.

Abide  by  the  'People-Oriented'  principle,  CASH  Group  is committed  to  becoming  a  Total  Caring  Organisation  to partner  with  our  key  stakeholders  to  work  towards  the sustainable  development  of  our  business,  our  employees, our  environment  and  our  society.  CASH's  award-winning companies  comprise  Pricerite  Group  (Pricerite),  CASH Financial Services Group (CFSG), CASH Algo Finance Group (CAFG), etc.

## RETAIL MANAGEMENT - PRICERITE GROUP

Founded in 1986, Pricerite  Group  offers  a  diverse  portfolio of  home  furnishing  and  lifestyle  brands  that  satisfy  our customers'  needs  through  a  blend  of  operating  efficiency, effective use of technology, and talented people. We build our  competitive  advantage  by  achieving  economies  of scale  through  our  single  operating  platform  and  our in-depth understanding of the market. Businesses comprise sourcing and retailing of quality products with brands such as  Pricerite  Home,  TMF,  SECO,  Pricerite  Food,  Pricerite  Pet, etc.

Pricerite pioneers to develop 'New Retail' in Hong Kong by integrating  the  very  best  of  online  and  offline  channels  to refine  the  omni-channel  retailing,  providing  customers quality  shopping  experience  anytime,  anywhere.  This  has revolutionised the Hong Kong home furnishing market with easy  access  to  our  comprehensive  network  of  outlets  and e-shopping  channels  through  a  variety  of  digital  devices. We  have  a  long  heritage  of  adopting  advanced technologies  to  enhance  our  operating  efficiency.  From back  office  support  to  product  and  service  offerings, marketing communication and supply chain management, we strengthen our competitive edges through a balanced fusion of technology and people.

Pricerite  upholds  the  'People-oriented'  principle,  and attains  leadership  by  innovation  -  in  product  mix, merchandising,  store  layout  and  entire  market  strategy  in home improvement product retailing. Our constant efforts to  increase  our  understanding  of  customers'  expectations and  needs  through  the  use  of  information  technology  to gain  accurate  and  timely  data  and  use  of  market  research tools drive our customer-focused innovations.

At  Pricerite,  we  care  for  the  people  of  Hong  Kong.  It's  our founding  principle  and  it  forms  everything  we  do.  That means empowering our customers to care for their homes, their  families,  and  themselves,  no  matter  what  life  may throw  their  way.  By  cultivating  a  culture  of  caring,  we inspire our customers to impart our values to the world.

Honouring  a  celebrated  Hong  Kong  brand,  Pricerite  has received wide recognitions for its exceptional performance in  various  aspects  such  as  brand  management,  product design,  quality  services  and  e-shopping  platforms.  As  a result,  many  high  acclaims  have  been  awarded  to  its brands,  including  the  Hong  Kong  Top  Brand  10  Year Achievement  Award  and  Premier  Service  Brand  from  the Hong  Kong  Brand  Development  Council,  Consumer Product  Design  Award  from  the  Hong  Kong  Awards  for Industries,  Bronze  Award  of  Marketing  Excellence  Awards from HKMA/TVB, Q-Mark Elite Brand Award from Hong Kong Q-Mark Council, Outstanding QTS Merchant Awards - Gold Award from Hong Kong Tourism Board, and Top 10 Quality E-Shop  Award,  Top  10  O2O  Retail  Brand,  Retail  Excellence Award  and  numerous  Service  and  Courtesy  Awards  from the Hong Kong Retail Management Association, etc.

Pricerite  cares  for  the  environment  and  is  committed  to protecting  it  hand  in  hand  with  our  stakeholders, minimising  the  impact  of  our  operations  to  the environment.  Through  the  sourcing  of  eco-products, adoption  of  retail  technologies  and  active  participation  in various environmental activities, Pricerite takes its initiative to  develop  a  sustainable  society  with  customers.  Pricerite has  received  numerous  awards  for  the  recognition  of  its contribution  to  environmental  protection,  including  Silver Award in Shops and Retailers sector under the Hong Kong Awards for  Environmental  Excellence,  Sustainable  Business Award  from  World  Green  Organisation  (WGO),  BOCHK Corporate  Environmental  Leadership  Awards: EcoChallenger  from  Federation  of  Hong  Kong  Industries (FHKI), etc.

## CORPORATE PROFILE

## FINANCIAL SERVICES - CFSG

Headquartered and listed in Hong Kong (SEHK: 510), CASH Financial  Services  Group  ('CFSG')  has  been  dedicated  to managing wealth and asset inheritance for our clients over the  past  50  years.  Our  culture  of  excellence  drives  our ongoing  focus  on  sustainable  growth,  integrity  and innovation,  serving  a  diversified  client  base  that  includes corporations, financial institutions and individual investors.

## Full-Licensed Operations, Providing Comprehensive Financial and Wealth Management Services

Established in  1972,  CFSG  is  one  of  few  full-licensed  Hong Kong  financial  services  institutions  currently  holding  SFC Type  1,  2,  4  and  9  licenses.  Providing  comprehensive financial  and  wealth  management  services,  CFSG  is  also  a licensed money lender in Hong Kong, a licensed insurance broker registered with the Hong Kong Insurance Authority, a  licensed  Trust  or  Company  Service  Provider,  and  a Principal  Intermediary  registered  with  the  Hong  Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Authority.

## From Hong Kong's Firm Foothold into Mainland China and Worldwide

CFSG  is  branching  out  beyond  firm  foundations  in  Hong Kong  to  extend  global  reach  and  embrace  historic opportunity  in  China.  Wealth  management  centres  are established  in  Hong  Kong,  Shanghai,  Shenzhen  and Guangzhou,  with  more  centres  and  strategic  alliances planned  in  the  Greater  Bay  Area  and  Yangtze  River  Delta region  to  provide  even  more  comprehensive  wealth management  and  financial  services  to  individuals  and financial institutions.

## At Forefront of FinTech, Innovating Financial Services

CFSG has  always  been  a  pioneer  in  FinTech  development, investing  heavily  in  groundbreaking  innovations  that reshape the financial services industry. Since becoming the first  financial  institution  in  Hong  Kong  to  provide  online securities  and  futures  trading  services  in  1998,  CFSG  has been adopting advanced technology solutions to meet the growing  demand  in  investment  services.  In  recent  years, CFSG launched a cutting-edge mobile trading app, Alpha i with the aim of enhancing the user experience and service quality. The new digital platform provides FinTech services to  a  new  generation  of  tech-savvy  and  mobile-driven millennial investors. As a wealth management expert, CFSG will  integrate  different  advantages  of  traditional  and  new f i n a n c i a l   assets  to  develop  a  full  range  of  wealth management  business,  providing  our  clients  with  more choices  and  promoting  the  development  of  Hong  Kong into an international FinTech centre.

## Professional Management with Wide Range of Expert Experience

CFSG's management team has extensive experience of the regional regulations and regulated activities in Hong Kong, Mainland  China  and  global  markets;  comprising  highly educated,  qualified  professionals  in  various  financial services  specialties.  Group  businesses  are  managed  by responsible officers  and  representatives  of  these  regulated activities under different established regulators.

## ALGO TRADING - CASH ALGO FINANCE GROUP (CAFG)

Built upon the technology-focused heritage of CASH Group (SEHK: 1049), CASH Algo Finance Group (CAFG) is a pioneer in  quantitative  finance  and  algo  trading  based  in  Hong Kong.  CAFG  marries  expertise  in  financial  markets  with technology  innovation,  engaging  leading-edge  FinTech  to create  superior  and  sustainable  value  for  investors.  We launched  our  first  algo  trading  strategy  in  2009  and  have since  expanded  into  multiple  strategies  and  tactics covering  all  the  major  markets.  In  2017,  we  introduced quant  funds  to  provide  asset  management  services  to institutional clients, funds, and high-net-worth individuals.

As  a  pioneer  in  quantitative  finance  and  algo  trading  in Asia,  we  understand  the  importance  of  a  low-latency platform  integrated  with  a  robust  real-time  risk management  system.  In  addition  to  serving  existing strategies  in  multiple  markets  with  our  proprietary  and scalable  platform,  CAFG  is  expanding  its  trading  strategies to new markets with cutting-edge algorithmic technologies to  optimise  risk-adjusted  returns  across  a  broad  range  of asset classes.

We  also  provide  an  algo  incubation  service  to  assist  algo traders,  quant  strategists,  and  academia  dedicated  to researching,  developing,  testing,  and  launching  their trading ideas. CAFG has established a proprietary one-stop platform for the entire investment lifecycle, supporting data analytics, strategy deployment, smart execution, and robust risk management.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive:

KWAN Pak Hoo Bankee LEUNG Siu Pong James LI Shing Wai Lewis KWAN Teng Hin Jeffrey

(Chairman, ED &amp; CEO)

(ED)

(ED &amp; CFO)

(ED)

## Independent Non-executive:

LEUNG Ka Kui Johnny WONG Chuk Yan CHAN Hak Sin

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

LEUNG Ka Kui Johnny

WONG Chuk Yan CHAN Hak Sin

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

LEUNG Ka Kui Johnny WONG Chuk Yan KWAN Pak Hoo Bankee

(committee chairman)

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

KWAN Pak Hoo Bankee LEUNG Ka Kui Johnny CHAN Hak Sin

(committee chairman)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

CHEUNG Suet Ping Ada, ACG, HKACG, CPA, FCCA

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

KWAN Pak Hoo Bankee (alternate: KWAN Teng Hin Jeffrey)

LI Shing Wai Lewis (alternate: CHEUNG Suet Ping Ada)

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

Bank of Communications (Hong Kong) Limited Nanyang Commercial Bank, Limited Chong Hing Bank Limited OCBC Wing Hang Bank Limited CTBC Bank Co. Ltd. Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited Fubon Bank (Hong Kong) Ltd.

(committee chairman)

## AUDITOR

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors

## SOLICITORS

Sidley Austin

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Clarendon House 2 Church Street Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

28/F Manhattan Place 23 Wang Tai Road Kowloon Bay Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited Clarendon House 2 Church Street Hamilton HM 11

Bermuda

## BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Standard Limited 17/F Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## WEBSITE

www.cash.com.hk

## STOCK CODE ON MAIN BOARD

1049

## CONTACTS

Telephone :

(852) 2287 8888

Facsimile :

(852) 2287 8000

## CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

Dear Fellow Shareholders,

## Turbulence before landing

Both  hopes  and  uncertainties  are  left  in  the  wake  of  the eventual end of the 3-year prolonged pandemic. The Hong Kong economy recorded negative growth of 3.5% in 2022 with total exports of goods plunging by 13.9% amid sharp deterioration  in  the  external  environment  and  disruptions to  cross-border  activities.  While  the  city  is  expected  to resume  growth  in  2023  in  tandem  with  the  Hong  Kong government's relaxation of social  distancing  and  mainland China optimising anti-epidemic measures, three clouds are still  overhanging  -  indicating  turbulence  before  the economy can land safely.

The  first  is  inherent  volatility  of  the  pandemic.  The  COVID virus has already undergone many thousands of mutations over the past three years, with more transmissible variants driving border lockdowns and economic activities to shrink. These pose uncertainties to both investors and consumers, hindering their investment and spending decisions.

Secondly, the pandemic-induced recession might linger in the coming year, as energy and food crises sparked by the Russia-Ukraine  conflict  continue  to  spur  inflationary pressures  and  intensify  uncertainties  -  undermining investor  confidence  and  household  purchasing  power worldwide.

Lastly,  interest  rate  hikes  remain  a  major  concern  for  both retailers  and  consumers,  pressuring  profit  margins  and eroding consumption power. The Fed's monetary policy to control  inflation  risk  in  coming  months  will  also  certainly affect  international  fund  flow,  lowering  retailers'  risk appetite in long-term reinvestment.

On  the  other  hand,  although  China  only  recorded  GDP growth of 3.0% in 2022, the country is poised for a strong rebound  in  2023,  serving  as  a  key  growth  engine  for  the global  economy.  China's  growth  comes  not  only  from  the low  base  effect,  but  also  from  its  dual-circulation  strategy t o  propel  domestic  consumption  and  encourage investment,  especially  in  the  real  estate  market  after government de-leveraging efforts in the past two years to rein in debt levels of mega developers.

While  the  world  economy  is  slowing  and  we  are  not immune, we at the CASH Group took a defensive approach to  stay  staunch  while  managing  our  cost  structures  in  a disciplined way.

## PRICERITE GROUP - THE NEW RETAIL INNOVATOR IN HOME FURNISHING

Total  retail  sales  in  2022  valued  at  HK$349,930  million  fell back  to  almost  the  2010  level  of  HK$324,966  million. Seriously  affected  by  the  pandemic  and  depressed  real estate  market,  furniture  and  fixtures  was  one  of  the  worst performing  categories,  tumbling  by  5.3%  in  value.  It's unlikely that total retail sales value will rebound back to the pre-pandemic  2018  level  (HK$485,169  million)  in  the short-term,  with  drastic,  irreversible  changes  in  consumer behaviour  and  preferences  on  one  hand,  and  a  thorny external operating environment persisting on the other.

Despite  Hong  Kong  consumers  flocking  back  to  stores recently,  online  shopping  remains  popular.  This  is attributable  to  the  popularity  of  5G  giving  rise  to  digital mobile  commerce,  and  retailers  adopting  O2O  strategy  eliminating  time  and  venue  constraints  of  traditional shopping.

Thanks to our early adoption of O2O new retail strategy in recent years, Pricerite Group has been well connecting with customers  throughout  their  shopping  journey  during  the pandemic.  Our  new  Metaverse  efforts  to  offer  AR,  VR  and MR experiences are also well received, allowing consumers to  better  visualise  products  -  and  how  they  best  fit  into their homes.

In  designing our customer journey, we have not forgotten about  the  basics  of  retail  either  -  offering  superb experiences, extra-mile conveniences, quality products and unmatched services to meet customer needs.

We will also continue with our multi-brand strategy to offer customers a full suite of home-related products. According to  Statista,  the  leading  e-commerce  segments  in  Hong Kong  as  of  2022  -  apart  from  fashion  -  are  food  and groceries,  personal  hygiene  &amp;  care  products,  electronics  &amp; media,  and  furniture  &amp;  appliances.  These  are  precisely Pricerite's specialty areas.

In the coming three years, we plan to crystalise our strategy to become a data-driven organisation by further enhancing our  data  infrastructure  to  offer  personalised  home s o l u t i o n s ,   s h o p p i n g   experiences  and  seamless communication  with  our  customers.  Riding  on  O2O benefits,  we  will  continue  advancing  our  new  retail strategy, powered further by digitalisation.

## CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

Looking forward, through enhanced big data analytics and insights  we  will  better  understand  evolving  customer behaviour, needs and expectations - devising more precise customer  strategies  and  tailoring  more  personalised products  and  services  through  multi-channels.  We  aim  to further improve customer satisfaction and design first-hand, data-driven  customer  experiences.  These  will  be complemented  by  our  carefully  studied  and  revised network  strategy  bringing  fresh  new  O2O  experiences  to our customers.

## CASH FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP - THE TRUSTED INVESTMENT AND WEALTH MANAGEMENT ADVISOR

In early 2022, the world entered the first phase of the bear market,  with  liquidity  substantially  tightened  and  earnings held  up.  Thereafter,  optimistic  anticipation  of  a  Fed  pivot together  with  China  optimising  pandemic  policy  drove  a brief  recovery  bounce  since  last  October.  Nonetheless, strong  US  economic  data  and  higher-than-expected inflation rates reported in late February 2023 dashed market hopes  of  the  Fed  cutting  rates  -  making  the  world seemingly enter the third phase of the bear market.

Locally, market volatilities muted investment sentiment and stalled  IPO  activities.  On  the  other  hand,  stringent regulatory  requirements  fuelled  compliance  costs  higher than  ever.  All  these  conspired  to  culminate  in  47  local securities  firms  suspending  their  operations  in  2022,  a record-high in recent Hong Kong financial history.

In  a  world  facing  increasing  headwinds,  we  focus  on helping  our  clients  do  more  with  less,  seeking  protection while  investing  in  long-term  growth  areas  -  along  with rationalising  our  internal  costs.  During  the  pandemic,  in order  to  stay  communicated  with  our  clients,  we  held numerous online and offline seminars to keep them abreast of the market trends.

We  also  enhanced  our  talent  mix  and  upgraded  our platforms in preparation for possible market upturn. During the  year,  we  are  pleased  to  report  that  our  strategic  focus on  the  three-pronged  business  development  approach  brokerage,  wealth  management  and  asset  management  started  to  form  in  good  shape  with  a  more  balanced income contribution.

Looking  ahead,  the  easing  of  pandemic  restrictions  and opening  of  international  borders  will  accelerate  financial and commercial activities and consumer spending.

We believe  that  as  China  further  implements  its  monetary and  fiscal  stimulus,  with  some  easing  in  the  regulatory environment to support China's economy, some handsome growth in investment and wealth management demand is expected  this  year  -  especially  in  the  Greater  Bay  Area, which  as  a  strategic  part  of  China's  14th  Five-Year  Plan  is presenting  immense  investment  and  wealth  management opportunities  for  established  and  trusted  Hong  Kong financial institutions such as CFSG.

In  tandem  with  China  reopening  its  borders,  we  will continue to recruit more wealth management professionals to  serve  our  growing  client  base,  and  form  strategic partnerships  with  both  foreign  and  mainland  partners  to offer  a  wider  variety  of  investment  products,  so  as  to capture  these  growing  business  opportunities  and  swiftly r e s p o n d  t o  s u r g i n g   clients'  request  by  resuming face-to-face client activities.

We  will  also  prudently  adjust  our  tightened  credit  policy according to general market conditions. On the other hand, we  will  adopt  zero-based  budgeting  to  further  justify  our costs;  allowing  more  flexible  budgets,  focused  operations, lower costs and more disciplined execution of our strategic projects.

## Maintaining Agility and Resilience

For the rest of 2023, inflation could remain stubbornly high, calling  for  tighter  monetary  policies  from  central  banks  in western  countries.  Escalation  of  geopolitical  conflicts  such as  in  the  Russia-Ukraine  region  and  East  Asia  remain  a major  threat  to  global  stability  that  could  further undermine the fragile global energy and food markets. All these weigh heavily on market volatilities.

Despite  this,  economies  and  societies  continue  to  recover from  the  pandemic,  with  a  concerted  determination  to return  to  'normal'.  As  Charles  Dickens  wrote  in  A  Tale  of Two  Cities,  'It  was  the  best  of  times.  It  was  the  worst  of times.' Certainly, we live in interesting times, and with 2022 already  behind  us,  I  would  say  that  the  worst  times  have already  passed.  Save  for  any  'black  swan'  or  'grey  rhino' events, we believe the world is entering 2023 with growth though  with  bumps  and  uncertainties  -  with  the  global economy landing despite some turbulence.

Despite  ongoing  external  challenges  and  uncertainties, Hong  Kong  likewise  will  regain  ground  from  almost  four years  of  stagnancy.  All  we  need  to  do  is  buckle  up  and prepare ourselves well for eventual economic landing.

## CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

We  at  CASH  Group  are  dedicated  to  staying  resilient  and nimble  in  navigating  these  challenges.  With  concerted unity, all staff will turn from a defensive approach to staying staunch  and  proactive,  playing  a  leading  role  in  driving sales.

Last but not least, I would like to thank all our staff for their dedication,  diligence  and  teamwork,  which  are indispensable  in  helping  the  Group  grow  our  agility  and resilience, staunchly weathering challenges at all times.

Yours sincerely,

<!-- image -->

Dr Bankee P. Kwan, JP Chairman &amp; CEO

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Upon the acquisition of a total of additional 21.08% equity interest  in  CFSG  by  the  Company  through  a  voluntary general offer closed on 21 October 2022, the voting power of the Group in CFSG has increased from 39.41% to 60.49%. Accordingly, CFSG has ceased to be associate of the Group and  became  the  Group's  subsidiary  with  effect  from  21 October  2022.  As  such,  the  operating  results  of  CFSG  for the period from 1 January 2022 to 20 October 2022 and for the  period  subsequent  to  20  October  2022  were, respectively, disclosed as share of results of associates and combined  in  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and other  comprehensive  income  in  the  current  year.  Due  to CFSG became the Group's subsidiary, there was a net gain of HK$22.6 million on loss on deemed disposal of associates and discount on acquisition of subsidiary.

After taking into account of the above mentioned net gain on loss on deemed disposal of associates and discount on acquisition  of  subsidiary  and  the  operating  results  of  the year,  the  Group  has  reported  a  net  loss  of  HK$35.2  million for the year end 31 December 2022.

## RETAIL MANAGEMENT BUSINESS - PRICERITE GROUP

Hong Kong retail industry has been facing unprecedented challenges in recent years especially the year under review, due  to  the  pandemic  and  the  rapidly  changing  market environment.  Consumer  sentiment  has  been  impacted  by the uncertain economic outlook and the changing behavior of  shoppers. Retailers have to keep up with these changes and adapt to the new reality. Moreover, the impact of the fifth wave of the pandemic on retail industry in Hong Kong during  first  quarter  was  significant  and  adverse.  The  total value of retail sales in Hong Kong decreased by 7.6% during the  first  quarter.  The  prevailing  uncertainty  and  ongoing disruption  caused  by  restrictions  on  social  gatherings resulted  in  a  notable  decline  in  consumer  sentiment.  The pandemic  also  caused  a  disruption  in  the  supply  chain, leading to shortage of certain types of product and rise in logistic cost, which further reduced consumer spending, as people  were  unable  to  purchase  items  at  the  prices  they were  accustomed  to.  Nevertheless,  the  Hong  Kong government has taken steps to support the retail industry, launching  the  second  round  of  consumption  voucher program in 2022. The initial phase of disbursement in April proved to be effective in stimulating economic activity and promoting consumer expenditure. However, the impact of the program began to neutralize during the second phase in August. The total value of retail sales for the year 2022 in Hong Kong is marking a 0.9% decline in value compared to t h e   previous  year  despite  the  disbursement  of consumption  voucher  to  boost  local  spending. Furthermore, during the second half of the year, there has been  a  surge  in  interest  rates,  which  had  a  substantial influence  on  both  the  residential  property  market  and  the furniture sales. The increasing interest rates are expected to pose greater difficulty for consumers to obtain mortgages, thereby  impacting  the  residential  property  market.  The number  of  transactions  in  the  residential  property  market has experienced a sharp decline of 39%. Consequently, the increasing  interest  rate  will  also  have  a  ripple  effect  on furniture sales since consumers experienced a reduction in disposable income, which will limit their capacity to spend on  non-essential  items.  During  the  year  under  review, Pricerite  Group  has  been  prioritizing  O2O  development  to align with the evolving behavior of customers, utilizing big data  analysis  to  adapt  the  changing  market  trends,  and focusing on cost control to ensure financial stability in the face  of  market  concession,  Pricerite  Group  has  initiated  a store  network  consolidation  strategy  with  the  objective  of reducing rental and related costs. It entailed the closure of underperforming  stores  and  focus  on  more  profitable locations. To determine which locations to prioritize, we are conducting  an  analysis  of  the  relationship  between customer  geographic  data  and  store  profitability.  Pricerite Group  is  able  to  optimize  store  network  and  achieve greater  efficiency  in  operations,  ultimately  improving  our competitiveness  in  the  market.  Facing  the  difficult operating environment and consumer sentiment, our retail business  inevitable  recorded  a  decline  in  revenue  level  as the  previous  year  and  reported  revenue  of  HK$1,199.3 million, representing a decrease of 11.9% as compared with HK$1,362  million  in  2021.  Overall,  our  retailing  business recorded  a  net  loss  of  HK$13.0  million  for  the  year  ended 31 December 2022 as compared to a net profit of HK$13.3 million for the previous year.

## FINANCIAL SERVICES BUSINESS - CFSG

## Financial Review

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  CFSG  Group recorded  revenue  of  approximately  HK$68.8  million, representing  a  decrease  of  29.0%  compared  with  HK$96.9 million  last  year.  The  CFSG  Group's  main  revenue comprised  of  broking  income  of  approximately  HK$25.8 million  (2021:  HK$43.0  million),  provision  of  wealth management  services  of  approximately  HK$20.2  million (2021: HK$16.2 million), and approximately HK$22.8 million (2021:  HK$37.7  million)  from  non-broking  and  non-wealth management services.

During  the  year,  the  decrease  of  approximately  40.0%  or HK$17.2  million  from  broking  income  was  due  to  bearish investing sentiment as reflected by a sizeable decrement of 25.0%  in  average  daily  turnover  of  Hong  Kong's  securities market (2022: HK$124.9 billion; 2021: HK$166.7 billion). Due to  the  highly  volatile  securities  market,  bearish  investing sentiment and lowered risk appetite of market participants, demand  for  wealth  management  products  and  services have  increased  as  a  result.  The  relatively  favourable investment  yields  and  asset  preservation  potential  has further  hastened  and  cemented  our  transformation  into  a fully-fledged  wealth  management  powerhouse,  providing

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

'one-stop'  wealth  management services to clients in Hong Kong, Greater Bay Area and beyond. As such, revenue from our  wealth  management  business  increased  24.7%  or HK$4.0  million  to  reach  approximately  HK$20.2  million during the year.

The  decline  of  approximately  39.5%  or  HK$14.9  million  in revenue  from  non-broking  and  non-wealth  management services  was  mainly  due  to  the  decrease  in  asset management revenue and interest income from IPO margin financing.  The  general  shrinkage  of  various  asset  classes across  the  board  led  to  a  material  impact  on  our  asset management  revenue  resulting  in  a  decline  of  83.0%  or approximately  HK$5.0  million.  Interest  income  from  IPO margin  financing  witnessed  a  decrement  of  HK$5.4  million due  to  shrivelling  investors'  participation  in  Hong  Kong's previously  hot  IPO  market.  Depreciation  of  various  asset classes  coupled  with  the  absence  of  mega-cap  listings further  contributed  to  the  68.4%  contraction  in  total  funds raised  through  Hong  Kong's  IPO  market  during  the  year (2022: HK$104.6 billion; 2021: HK$331.3 billion).

In terms of treasury function, the CFSG Group recorded a net loss  of  approximately  HK$5.6 million (2021: HK$14.7 million) on its portfolio of investment securities held for trading due to the downturn of the Hong Kong stock market during the year.  Capitalising  on  the  relatively  favourable  deposit  rates from interest rate hikes, the CFSG Group actively reallocated its idle cash to term deposits during the second half of 2022 and  recorded  deposit  income  of  approximately  HK$2.1 million (2021: HK$0.8 million) during the year.

On  the  other  hand,  salaries  and  related  benefits  decreased by  15.7%  or  HK$9.2  million  (2021:  HK$58.5  million).  Other operating  expenses  also  witnessed  a  decline  of  7.1%  or HK$2.7  million  (2021:  HK$37.8  million).  The  cost  reductions were  mainly  attributable  to  our  Group's  ongoing  cost rationalisation  programme  which  included  reviewing  and cutting  back  on  non-essential  costs,  streamlining  our workforce and reviewing organization structures to eliminate redundancies.

Overall, the CFSG Group recorded a net loss of approximately HK$69.8 million during the year as compared to a net loss of approximately  HK$53.5  million  in  2021.  As  part  of  our response  to  the  pandemic,  we  have  followed  business continuity  processes  from  our  Board-endorsed  COVID-19 Business Continuity Plan. Our Business Continuity Plan places the  perseverance  of  our  staff's  health  and  wellbeing  at  the highest  priority  by  implementing  work  from  home arrangements  for  non-essential  and  vulnerable  employees. Due  to  the  effective  mitigation  efforts  from  our  COVID-19 Business  Continuity  Plan,  COVID-19  had  limited  impact  on our  business  operations  and  further  expedited  the  CFSG Group's transformational initiatives and digitalisation journey.

## Impairment Allowances

Impairment  allowance  consisted  of  provision  for  credit l osses  on  accounts  receivables  arising  from  margin financing  and  loans  receivable,  the  Group  performs impairment assessment on these financial assets under the impairment  framework  and  methodology  of  expected credit  loss  ('ECL')  model  established  by  the  Group  in accordance with HKFRS 9 'Financial instruments'.

To minimise the credit risk on accounts receivables arising from margin financing and loans receivable, the Credit and Risk  Management  Committee  is  responsible  for  reviewing credit and risk management policies, approving credit limits and  to  determining  any  debt  recovery  actions  on delinquent  receivables.  The  assessment  is  based  on  close monitoring,  evaluation  of  collectability  and  on management's  judgement,  including  but  not  limited  to ageing analysis of receivables, the current creditworthiness, account  executives  concentration  analysis,  collateral distribution  and  concentration  analysis  and  the  past collection  history  of  each  client,  and  consideration  of forward looking factors.  In  this  regard,  the  directors  of  the Company  consider  that  the  CFSG  Group's  credit  risk  is maintained at an acceptable level.

The accounts receivables arising from margin financing are collateralised by pledged shares of margin clients. As at 31 December  2022,  the  CFSG  Group  had  concentration  of credit  risk  on  the  accounts  receivable  from  margin  clients as  the  aggregate  balances  with  the  four  largest  clients represent approximately 61.8% of total accounts receivable from margin clients. During the year, additional impairment allowance  of  approximately  HK$7.5  million  for  a  total  of HK$128.2 million margin loans on the accounts receivables arising  from  margin  financing  was  recognised,  where  the underlying  collaterals  were  less  than  the  outstanding  loan amounts.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  CFSG  Group  had concentration  risk  on  loans  receivable  as  27.3%  of  the outstanding  balance  is  from  the  top  borrower.  During  the year,  a  reversal  of  impairment  allowance  of  approximately HK$0.6 million on the loan receivable was recognised for a total  of  HK$12.8  million  loan  receivables.  The  CFSG  Group adopts  a  prudent  provisioning  policy  in  respect  of  these margin loans. For credit-impaired accounts receivable from margin  clients,  management  performs  individual assessment  for  each  client  by  considering  various  factors, including the realisable value of securities or collateral from clients which are held by the CFSG Group and subsequent settlement actions.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## ALGO TRADING BUSINESS - CAFG

Despite  the  Russo-Ukrainian  conflict,  US-China  trade tensions,  government  policy  interventions,  and  the epidemic  dampening  the  investment  sentiment, commodities  again  outpace  the  performance  of  other major  asset  classes  in  2022.  With  a  mix  of  outset  events, during  the  first  half  of  2022,  the  price  of  the  commodities generally remained high due to years of quantitative easing pushing  up  commodities  prices  and  supply  disruption caused by the Russo-Ukrainian conflict. The market started to retrace during the second half as the major central bank hiked  the  interest  rates  to  combat  rising  inflation,  and  the fear  of  recession  risks  increased.  The  jumpy  market movement and the frequent appearance of backwardation of  crude  oil  futures  hampered  investors  using  short-term reversion or momentum as trading strategies but benefited other  arbitrage  investment  styles.  Our  futures  arbitrage portfolio  has  been  running  for  six  years  with  annualized high-teens  returns,  also  gained  from  the  market  volatility, the  strong  USD  movement,  and  the  continuous  rising  of interest  rates  to  end  the  year  with  a  robust  double-digit return  in  2022,  overall,  our  asset  management  business reported  revenue  of  HK$4.4  million  and  a  net  profit  of HK$13.8  million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  as compared to a net profit of HK$2.3 million last year.

## Liquidity and Financial Resources

The Group's equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to HK$196.1 million as at 31 December 2022 as compared  to  HK$240.6  million  at  the  end  of  the  previous year.  The  decrease  in  equity  was  mainly  due  to  the dividend paid and the net loss reported for the year. As at 31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  total  outstanding borrowings of approximately HK$375.2 million as compared to  HK$235.6  million  as  at  31  December  2021.  The  increase in  borrowings  was  mainly  due  to  the  fact  that  CFSG's borrowings  which  has  been  included  in  the  Group's  total borrowings as at 31 December 2022. The borrowings were mostly  denominated  in  Hong  Kong  dollars  comprising unsecured  loans  of  approximately  HK$235.2  million  and secured  loans  of  approximately  HK$140.0  million.  The above  bank  loans  of  approximately  HK$140.0  million  were secured by the Group's pledged deposits of HK$54.2 million and corporate guarantees.

As  at  31  December  2022,  our  cash  and  bank  balances totalled HK$870.8 million as compared to HK$222.7 million at  the  end  of  the  previous  year.  The  increase  in  cash  and bank balances was mainly due to the fact that CFSG's cash and bank balances which has been included in the Group's total  borrowings  as  at  31  December  2022.  The  Group derives  its  revenue  mainly  in  Hong  Kong  dollars  and maintains its cash and bank balances mainly in Hong Kong dollars.

The  liquidity  ratio  as  at  31  December  2022  was  at  0.98 times,  as  compare  to  0.74  times  as  at  31  December  2021. The increase in the liquidity ratio was mainly due to CFSG's current assets and current liabilities have been included in the  Group's  current  assets  and  current  liabilities  as  at  31 December 2022.

The  gearing  ratio,  which  represents  the  ratio  of  interest bearing borrowings excluding lease liabilities of the Group divided by the total equity, was 128.8% as at 31 December 2022 as compared to 116.2% as at 31 December 2021. The increase  in  gearing  ratio  was  mainly  due  to  the  fact  that CFSG's borrowings which has been included in the Group's total  borrowings  as  at  31  December  2022.  On  the  other hand, we have no material contingent liabilities at the end of the year.

The Group's treasury policies are to secure healthy liquidity for  running  its  operations  smoothly  and  to  maintain  a sound  financial  position  at  all  time  throughout  the  year. Besides  meeting  its  working  capital  requirements,  cash balances  and  bank  borrowings  are  maintained  at  healthy levels  to  meet  its  customers'  investments  needs  while making  sure  all  relevant  financial  regulations  have  been duly complied.

## Foreign Exchange Risks

The  Group  did  not  have  any  material  un-hedged  foreign exchange exposure or interest rate mismatches at the end of the year.

## Material Acquisitions and Disposals

On  30  June  2022,  Celestial  Securities  Limited  for  and  on behalf of CIGL (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) made a pre-conditional voluntary cash offers to acquire all issued  shares  of  CFSG  ('Offers').  The  making  of  the  Offers was  subject  to  the  Company's  shareholders  approval  in respect  of  the  possible  acquisition  and  the  same  was approved  at  a  special  general  meeting  of  the  Company held  on  9  September  2022.  The  Offers  were  subsequently closed  on  21  October  2022.  The  shareholding  interest  of the  Company  in  CFSG  was  increased  from  102,928,854 CFSG shares (approximately 39.41% of issued share capital of CFSG) to 157,989,563 CFSG shares (approximately 60.49% of  issued  share  capital  of  CFSG)  upon  the  close  of  the Offers. Details of the transaction were disclosed in the joint announcement  dated  30  June  2022  and  the  subsequent announcements  of  the  Company  and  CFSG  during  the period from 21 July 2022 to 21 October 2022, the circular of the  Company  dated  22  August  2022  and  the  composite offer document of CFSG dated 16 September 2022.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

On 19 December 2022, Confident Profits Limited ('CPL', an indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company)  as vendor and CFSG as purchaser entered into an agreement, pursuant  to  which  CPL  conditionally  agreed  to  sell,  and CFSG conditionally agreed to acquire, the 51% of the issued shares  of  CASH  Algo  Finance  Group  International  Limited (an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company)  at the  consideration  of  HK$61  million,  which  will  be  satisfied as to (i) HK$10 million in cash and (ii) HK$51 million by the issue  of  120,000,000  new  CFSG  shares  ('Consideration Shares')  to  CIGL  at  completion.  The  completion  of  the transaction  is  conditional  upon  CFSG's  independent shareholders approval and the listing approval for the issue of  the  Consideration  Shares.  A  special  general  meeting  of CFSG  will  be  convened  and  held  for  the  approval  of  the acquisition.  Following completion, the shareholding of the Company in CFSG will increase from approximately 60.49% to  72.93%  and  the  CFSG  Group  will  remain  subsidiaries  of the  Company.  Details  of  the  transaction  were  disclosed  in the  joint  announcement  of  the  Company  and  CFSG  dated 19 December 2022.

## FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

## Revenue

| (HK$'m)  2022  2021  % change  Retailing  1,199.3  1,362.1  (12.0%)  Asset management  4.4  6.0  (26.7%)  Financial services business  7.1  N/A  N/A  Group total  1,210.8  1,368.1  (11.5%)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Key Financial Metrics

| 2022  2021  % change  The Group  Net (loss) attributable to shareholders (HK$'m)  (33.6)  (43.1)  22.0%  Loss per share (HK cents)  (41.68)  (53.33)  21.9%  Total assets (HK$'m)  1,787  1,012.0  76.6%  Cash on hand (HK$'m)  870.8  222.7  291.0%  Borrowings (HK$'m)  375.2  235.6  59.3%  Retailing  Revenue per sq.ft. (HK$)  4,152  4,402  5.7%  Growth for same stores (vs last year)  (12.1%)  (1.3%)  N/A  Inventory turnover days  32.3  32.7  1.2%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save  as  aforesaid,  the  Group  did  not  make  any  other material acquisitions and disposals during the year.

Save as disclosed in this report, there is no important event affecting  the  Group  which  has  occurred  since  the  end  of the financial year.

## Fund Raising Activities

The Company did not have any fund raising activity during the year.

## Capital Commitment

The  Group  did  not  have  any  material  outstanding  capital commitment at the end of the year.

## Material Investments

The  market  value  of  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through profit or loss ('FVTPL') increased from HK$16.0 million as at 31  December 2021 to approximately HK$56.4 million as at 31 December 2022. A net gain on financial assets at FVTPL of HK$43.4 million was recorded for the year.

We do not have any future plans for material investments, or addition of capital assets.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Business Review and Outlook

## Industry Review

The  Hong  Kong  economy  recorded  deterioration  by  3.5% last  year,  with  real  GDP  contracting  by  4.2%  year-on-year. Slower  growth  in  global  demand  and  pandemic-induced cross-boundary transportation disruptions posed significant drags  to  exports.  The  fifth  wave  of  local  pandemic  and resultant  restrictive  measures  weighed  heavily  on  a  wide range  of  economic  activities  as  well  as  economic sentiment.

With  recent  steady  relaxation  of  respective  anti-pandemic measures in Hong Kong and Mainland China, the battered economy  is  expected  to  recover  gradually  amid  global challenges of inflation pressure, supply chain distortion and asset market volatility.

Looking  ahead,  the  government  notes  that  the  return  of economic activities  to  normalcy  and  an  expected  increase in  inbound  visitors  should  bode  well  for  retail  sales performance,  as  improvement  was  seen  in  labour  market conditions.

## Business Review

Amid the declining economy, Pricerite Group is mindful of cost  leadership  to  tactically  manage  the  uncertain  and unpredictable  market  situation  -  remaining  vigilant  on expenses,  while  flexibly  and  swiftly  expanding  product range according to market demand.

Riding  on  data-driven  business  strategy,  we  focused  on customer  solutions,  customer  experience  and  customer communication.  Customer-centricity  demands  that  the customer  is  the  focal  point  of  all  decisions  related  to delivering products, services and experience.

To  create  customer  satisfaction,  loyalty  and  advocacy, 'Customer-first' is our core value. The 3-year pandemic has fundamentally reshaped our mode of living and accelerated the  development  of  e-commerce  and  digitalisation.  Big data  has  in  fact  played  a  vital  role  in  this  revolution.  Data analytics has hence become the success factor of our O2O development.

## Customer Solutions

Four  key  elements  -  'Home  Hygiene  &amp;  Antiseptic',  'Home Cooking  &amp;  Dining',  'Home  Organising'  and  'Work  from Home'  -  drive  sales  demand  and  our  continuously expanding product range responding to market demand.

In the furniture range, we introduced more value-for-money quality  products  and  after-sales-service  for  our  customers. We launched up to 180 days free mattress trial  service  for most  of  our  mattress  products,  and  20  years'  structural warranty  for  wooden  furniture  that  we  promise  on  our quality  products.  Our  house  brand  Staple  2.0  wooden f urniture  was  newly  launched  providing  complete ready-made  wooden  furniture  solutions  for  bedrooms, living  rooms  and  study  rooms,  with  unique  design  and value-for-money quality. We also launched exclusive brand Sleeprotex-Graphene, featuring mattress and VIOLINO sofa.

Growth strategy of tailor-made furniture (TMF) remained on course,  enhancing  customer-centric  service  and  product offerings  while  raising  brand  awareness  across  various channels.  Our  Five  Service  Commitments  -  24-hour  order tracking service, 30-day delivery fulfilment, one-to-one after sales  service,  10-year  structural  warranty  and  200%  quality assurance  -  uniquely  assure  utmost  quality  services  in  the local furniture market.

TMF  upgraded  the  vendor  management  system  and adopted  logistics  flexibility  to  provide  on-time  delivery services, especially during the lockdown period. During the pandemic,  TMF  also  encouraged  digital  meetings  with customers to provide timely and professional service under protective measures.

Our  house  brand  SOHO  NOVO's  'almighty  houseware' products  introduced  a  high  quality,  easy  cooking  utensil series  online  and  offline.  MESH  wardrobe  was  newly l aunched  with  a  product  differentiation  strategy  to compete in the market.

Our  SECO  well-being  specialty  store  provided  hygiene solutions  and  further  strengthened  value-for-money personal  wellness  ranges,  including  alcoholic  hand-rubs, anti-bacterial  insect  repellent  spray,  disinfecting  and anti-bacterial spray. During the fifth wave of the pandemic, SECO  also  launched  a  series  of  dietary  supplements, medicines and air purifiers reacting to high demand in that period.

Committed to taking care of all pet families in Hong Kong, Pricerite  Pet  launched  large-scale  pet  furniture,  house products, daily necessities and food with online and offline sales channels for a one-stop pet shopping experience.

Pricerite Pet is also promoting pet-specific small furniture in cooperation  with  TMF  to  provide  pet  families  with personalised space and furniture design for truly immersive living spaces.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Taking  care  of  the  physical,  mental  and  lifestyle  health  of fur  children,  Pricerite  Pet  also  focused  on  optimising product  catalogues  for  high-quality  food,  supplements, daily  necessities  and  household  goods  from  around  the world - as well as smart feeding products and sterilisation appliances providing customers with one-stop solutions.

We  also  set  up  an  independent  pet  customer  service hotline, where pet department professionals directly talk to customers  and  provide  one-on-one  professional  advice services.

## Customer Experience

Based  on  data  analytics,  as  customer  behaviour  changed with  more  adopting  online  shopping,  we  view  O2O commerce  as  an  opportunity  to  attract  more  customers, make  more  sales  and  strengthen  our  competitive advantage.

The  best  O2O  business  strategies  serve  customers  with seamless online and physical experiences.

Accordingly,  we  introduced  a  brand-new  eShop  App  2.0 with  improved  performance  and  enhanced  UX/UI  design, offering a seamless shopping experience between web and app.  Our  e-commerce  platform  was  successfully  migrated to  Magento  Cloud,  enhancing  performance  and  capacity for  high-volume  online  transactions.  We  launched  the innovative  Pricerite  Space  AR/VR  app  -  incorporating Augmented  Reality  (AR),  Virtual  Reality  (VR),  and  Mixed Reality  (MR)  technologies  -  to  showcase  furniture  in  a realistic  setting  and  allow  customers  to  design  their  new homes.

We  also  established  the  first-of-its-kind  Pricerite  NFT  Art Gallery,  providing  a  platform  for  selling  and  buying  NonFungible  Tokens  (NFTs).  The  new  platform  significantly enriches  the  online  customer  journey,  from  easy  browsing and improved order processing to speedy checkout with a comprehensive suite of payment options.

Our  'New  Retail'  initiatives  meanwhile  continued  to enhance  online  and  offline  integrated  shopping experiences.  As  customer  behaviour  radically  changed  in the  pandemic,  our  O2O  operating  strategies  have  proven effective.  We  have  taken  the  opportunity  to  further i ntegrate  O2O  with  big  data  analysis  and  review  of customer  preferences  and  store  strategies  to  serve customers  more  effectively  and  efficiently.  As  such,  we strategically  revised  our  offline  network  plan  and strengthened full range offerings and display in our flagship stores in the period to enhance the O2O shopping journey.

Further  enhancing  our  O2O  business  mode  and  'New Retail'  customer  experience  concept,  we  opened  a  new flagship  concept  store  at  Hollywood  Plaza  in  the  core centre  of  Mong  Kok.  We  also  optimised  our  store  network to  sustain  business  growth and operating profits. Strategic online  expansion  by  digital  transformation  redirected offline sales to online to cope with demand.

To  fortify  our  'New  Retail'  business  model  while strengthening  our  O2O  operating  capabilities,  we established  our  e-commerce  central  warehouse  in  Kwai Chung  with  full  range  offerings.  Leveraging  our comprehensive  logistics  capability,  we  shorten  delivery lead-time  to  facilitate  speedy  delivery  and  BOPIS  (buy online, pick up in-store) services.

We  also  expanded  frozen  food  with  unique  one-stop door-to-door delivery consolidating grocery and non-food. These  initiatives  enhancing  warehousing  and  distribution capabilities underline our commitment to growing our O2O and e-commerce business.

## Customer Communication

Pricerite  Group  formulated  differentiation  strategy  in product  development  and  brand  strategy.  We  established brand  awareness  for  house  brands  with  good  quality  and value  for  money  (including  SECO,  SOHO  NOVO,  MESH, Staple,  etc).  We  developed  a  strong,  distinct  and memorable brand image through  consistent  logo,  tagline, and visual identity.

We also  used  new  technology  NFT  and  cryptocurrency  to promote the brand, integrating NFT into brand marketing. Offering NFT giveaways encouraged customer engagement and increased brand visibility on different media platforms. Our  cryptocurrency-based  promotion  and  campaign attracted customers and built brand awareness.

To  better  reach  out  and  interact  with  customers  in e-commerce, Pricerite used Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) and Social  Influencer  Marketing  to  promote  our  products through  endorsements  or  recommendations  on  the internet.  We  additionally  enhanced  live-stream  marketing, promoting  and  selling  goods  through  influencer  streams on  our  own  social  media  channels.  With  our  'New  Retail' platform  and  data-analytical  tools,  we  enabled customisation  of  most  appropriate  content  for  our customers more effectively.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Also in the period, we participated for the first time in the Hong Kong Pet Festival, an annual event in the pet industry, showcasing products and services provided by Pricerite Pet that  meet  the  needs  of  pet  owners.  In  the  event,  lots  of interest and enquiries were received on the spot. Such high traffic events support brand building and we foresee some brand-product collaboration in future.

Pricerite  Group  was  additionally  recognised  with  TMF earning  HKMA  Outstanding  Marketing  professional  awards 2022. With our favourite customer word-of-mouth, we took real-case  video  shoots  to  promote  TMF's  award-winning branding.

## ESG

Pursuing our O2O business model, we revamped operating workflows  and  enhanced  paperless  workflows  in  both offline cashiering and logistics delivery processes.

During  the  period,  Pricerite  Group  donated  heaters  to Pamela  Youde  Nethersole  Eastern  Hospital,  and  donated furniture to the first veterinary clinic providing free medical care to animals.

By making a positive impact on the community, the Group can  build  positive  brand  sentiment  and  cement  its reputation  as  a  socially  responsible  company.  During  the year,  Pricerite  Group  was  bestowed  with  the  Sustainable Business  Award  from  the  World  Green  Organisation,  in recognition of its  outstanding  achievements in  supporting workplace  quality,  environmental  protection,  operation practice and community involvement.

## Outlook

Customer  behavior  is  changing  faster  than  business  can keep up. Digital transformation can help to keep pace, but not  get  ahead.  Customers  are  becoming  unpredictable  as economic,  social,  environmental  and  political  forces.  We need to see customers as multifaceted and understand the complex external forces.

Hence  we  are  turning  to  data-driven  business  to  reshape our  operations.  Accelerating  digital  transformation  will definitely gain acknowledgement and broaden our views to understand  customers  and  adapt  to  ever-changing  needs and priorities.

As a data-driven company we better understand the needs and preferences of our customers with the O2O operating model.  According  to  this  'New  Retail'  business  model,  we focus  on  customer  solutions,  customer  experience, customer  communication  and  further  redefining  our  store network in 2023.

Applying  target-marketing  strategy,  we  will  launch  a customer relationship management (CRM) customer loyalty programme to differentiate in the market with 'P-Coin', our new  bonus  point  scheme  for  customer  retention  and loyalty.

In  conclusion,  Pricerite  will  therefore  continue  to  be cautious with spending in 2023, while remaining proactive in  increasing  our  sales,  innovation  and  marketing  efforts  and  developing  long-term  strategy  for  CRM  and  target marketing to remain ahead of a competitive market.

Strategic  initiatives  enhancing  our  'New  Retail'  business model,  while  adding  value  and  versatility  in  our  supply chain,  will  continue.  With  Pricerite  Group's  multi-brand strategy and solid foundation in O2O business, we are well positioned  to  take  advantage  of  the  post-pandemic economic rebound.

## FINANCIAL SERVICES BUSINESS - CFSG Industry Review

2022  was  an  extraordinary  year  with  heightened geopolitical  tensions  (i.e.  US-China  confrontation  and Russia-Ukraine War); tightening financial conditions (i.e. US four-decade high level of inflation and seventh consecutive interest  rate  hikes  to  a  cumulative  increase  of  4.25%);  and mass  testing  and  strict  pandemic  quarantine  measures under the dynamic zero-COVID strategy in China.

On  the  back  of  the  sluggish  external  environment,  the sagging domestic housing market and heightened volatility across  asset  classes,  the  Hong  Kong  economy  contracted by  3.5%  in  real  terms  for  2022.  Meanwhile,  China's economic growth slowed to 3% YoY in real term for 2022, amid  a  series  of  policies  and  stimulus  from  the  central government to revive economic activities.

According to the statistics issued by the HKEX, the average daily  turnover  in  2022  was  approximately  HK$124.9 billion, down 25% compared with HK$166.7 billion in 2021. Given the  economic  downturn,  the  funds  raised  by  IPOs  in  2022 was  HK$104.6  billion,  down  68%  over  2021,  while  the number of newly listed companies in 2022 was 90, a mild decrease of 8% compared with the 98 last year.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The  global  financial  markets  have  been  roiled  amid  the normalization  and  tightening  of  the  monetary  policy  and shrinking  of  the  balance  sheets  by  the  US  Federal  Reserve ( ' F E D')  and  central  banks  in  advanced  economies. Aggressive  hikes  in  interest  rates  and  sky-high  inflation posed steep challenges for investors in 2022. Stock market reaction reflected a 'bad news in US economic data is good news'  mentality  because  a  slowdown  in  data  suggested that  the  Fed's  tightening  to  control  inflation  had  worked. The  Hang  Seng  Index  ('HSI')  exhibited  extreme  volatility like  a  roller  coaster  ride,  fluctuating  by  more  than  10,000 points  over  the  year  and  closing  down  15.5%  or  3,616 points  at  19,781  on  31  Dec  2022,  when  compared  with 23,397 in 2021.

## Business Review

During  the  first  three  quarters  of  2022,  market  sentiment was  hard  hit  by  the  deterioration  in  market  liquidity, slackened  global  growth  momentum,  and  the  tough pandemic-control measures under the dynamic zero-Covid policy  in  China.  The  Hong  Kong  stock  market  experienced panic selling moments and the HSI plunged by more than 7,100  points  or  33%  from  July  to  October  in  a  sustained manner,  reaching  its  lowest  close  since  October  2008  at 14,687  on  31  Oct  2022;  October  2022  was  also  the worst-ever month since October 2008.

Nevertheless,  the  low  investor  sentiment  had  markedly improved  since  the  latter  part  of  Q4,  as  China  suddenly U-turned  on  its  dynamic  zero-COVID  policy  and  took calibrated  steps  towards  reopening  alongside  gradual relaxation  of  strict  pandemic  containment  measures  in most of the top-tier Chinese cities. These were followed by a series of supportive policies by the central government to boost the struggling property sector. The HSI bottomed out in  October  after  the  15%  plunge  in  the  month,  and dramatically rebounded by more than 3,900 points or 27% in November, the best monthly performance in 24 years.

Over the course of 2022, our brokerage business recorded a commission  income  of  HK$25.8  million,  representing  a sharp  decrease  of  approximately  40%  as  compared  with HK$43.0  million  in  the  prior  year,  as  the  average  daily turnover on the Hong Kong stock market dropped amid the bearish  market  sentiment  which  had  led  investors  to reduce their risk appetite for stock trading and investment.

To  better  serve  our  customers  aptly  and  enhance  their Fintech experience, CFSG will continue to provide premium broking services to our customers in the GBA through our innovative  web  and  mobile  trading  app.  (Alpha-I  2.0) platform.

Given  the  high  interest  rate  environment  following  global interest rate hikes, our margin financing and loan business recorded  an  interest  income  of  HK$18.9  million,  down  by 26%  compared  with  HK$25.7  million  in  the  previous  year. Apart from that, the subdued IPO market and lack of mega IPOs  that  hit  the  market  in  2022  also  weighed  on  our business.  To  navigate  the  multitude  of  headwinds  the global economy faces, CFSG will continue to adopt a tight credit  policy  to  better  manage  our  loan  and  margin financing  business  prudently  in  pursuit  of  sustainable business growth.

In  light  of  the  increasing  cross-border  demand  for  wealth management  products  and  services,  CFSG  has  built  a one-stop  wealth  management  platform  to  provide ingenious services for our GBA clients. During the year, the fee-based  income  from  our  wealth  management  business amounted to HK$20.2 million, representing a sharp increase of approximately 25% as compared with HK$16.2 million in the prior year.

To  precisely  satisfy  our  clients'  personalised  investment needs  and  to  help  them  better  plan  wealth  accumulation and  preservation,  CFSG  organised  a  wide  range  of  public seminars  on  wealth  management  themes  covering investment i.e.  CFSG  50th  Anniversary  Investment  Seminar ( 百年巨變 · 投資增值講座 ) , i n s u r a n c e i . e . E g g Cryopreservation Seminar ( 雪卵⼆三事醫療講座 ),  overseas immigration &amp; tax planning i.e. UK Taxation System Seminar ( 移英稅務系統大拆解講座 ), and trust services i.e. Marriage, Divorce &amp; Asset Allocation Seminar ( 婚 · 身家資產配置講座 ) in  our  brand-new  CFSG  Wealth  Management  Centre  in Hong Kong Island, upon the relaxation of pandemic-control restrictions  in  the  second  half  of  2022.  Speakers  including financial  expert,  commentator,  university  professor,  PRC lawyer,  UK  tax  advisor,  and  specialist  in  Obstetrics  &amp; Gynecology  were  invited  to  share  their  perspectives  with the audience in relation to topics including investment and market  outlook,  differences  between  the  Mainland  and Hong  Kong  law  about  Marriage  &amp;  Divorce,  UK  tax  system, advice  on  asset  management  &amp;  allocation,  egg cryopreservation  and  gynecological  problems  experienced by women of childbearing age. Those seminars received a lot of very positive feedback.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

On  the  other  hand,  CFSG's  Asset  Management  business achieved  a  critical  milestone  in  2022,  with  our  first  CASH Prime Value Equity OFC Public Fund launched successfully on 1 Sep 2022. The fund, aligned with the Group's objective as  a  technology  pioneer  in  the  financial  industry, implements  an  investment  strategy  based  on  big  data, algorithms  and  professional  investment  managers' experiences, and provides optimal risk-adjusted returns for our  investors.  The  fund  has  performed  brilliantly  since inception  and  generated  a  portfolio  return  of  2.73%  in  4 months,  outperforming  by  282  basis  points  relative  to  the HSI  as  of  31  Dec  2022.  With  this  remarkable  performance, we  are  confident  in  seizing  golden  opportunities  brought by the GBA wealth management market and in achieving a more  significant  contribution  to  the  Group's  revenue growth soon.

## ESG Highlights

Community  caring  is  one  of  our  core  corporate  values. CFSG  is  committed  to  caring  about  the  interests  of  our communities.  During  the  year,  we  supported  and participated  in  a  variety  of  community  events,  which  has not  only  spread  positivity  among  the  society  through tough times amidst the pandemic but has also cultivated a 'Total Caring' culture among our staff.

During the year,  CFSG  was  bestowed  with  the  Sustainable Business  Award  from  the  World  Green  Organisation,  in recognition of its  outstanding  achievements in  supporting workplace  quality,  environmental  protection,  operation practice and community involvement.

In  June  2022,  for  each  new  customer  who  successfully opened  an  Alpha  i  trading  account,  CFSG  would  donate HK$100 to 'Merit Veterinary Medical Centre - House of Joy and  Mercy'  ( 阿棍屋善行動物診所 )  for  charity  purposes, supporting  its  work  of  providing  free  medical  services  for homeless  stray  animals.  Meanwhile,  medical  staff  in  the healthcare industry who successfully opens Alpha i trading account can enjoy an exclusive welcome offer of a 'Lifetime Zero  Commission  HK  Stock  Trading  Plan';  this  offer  shows our  heartfelt  appreciation  for  their  effort  to  combat  the pandemic.

In September 2022, CFSG staff volunteered to prepare food ingredients  in  the  'Food  Angel'  Kitchen  with  the  surplus food  collected  from  the  food  industry.  The  rescued  food items  would  then  be  prepared  as  nutritious  meals  and redistributed  to  the  underprivileged  communities  in  Hong Kong.

I n  December,  CFSG  partnered  with  'Rotary  Club  of Mandarin Hong Kong' ( 香港華語扶輪社 ) to organize a quilt donation  activity,  sending  warmth  and  care  to  over  120 low-income families in Hong Kong.

CFSG also  joined  the  'Say  Yes  to  Breastfeeding'  campaign initiated  by  the  'Hong  Kong  Committee  for  UNICEF' with  the  aim  of  building  a  breastfeeding-friendly community  in  Hong  Kong.  We  pledged  to  implement breastfeeding-friendly  measures  in  workplaces,  such  as arranging breastfeeding space at our office to help working moms breastfeed sustainably. A Certificate of Appreciation was awarded to CFSG to recognize our effort.

## Outlook

Upon  the  long-awaited  re-opening  with  Mainland  China after  three  years  of  Covid-19  pandemic  curbs,  the  Hong Kong  economy  is  expected  to  pick  up  over  the  coming quarters,  with  downside  risks  due  to  the  global  economic downturn  and  geopolitics.  On  a  positive  note,  we  expect China's  economic  growth  to  rebound  as  its  set  on  a reopening path in 2023, with the central government likely to  unveil  additional  supportive  monetary  and  fiscal measures  to  help  stabilise  growth  and  investment sentiment.

2022 was a challenging year for global stock markets given interest-rate  hikes  and  extreme  market  volatility.  Looking forward, we reckon the bear market for stocks over the past two years is coming to an end and the 2023 outlook will be more sanguine given the gradual downshift in the pace of interest-rate  hikes.  Consequently,  Hong  Kong  brokerage business prospects will turn more promising against a more favourable  economic  and  less  turbulent  environment.  In tandem,  Hong  Kong's  IPO  market  is  expected  to  regain momentum  and  be  poised  for  a  revival  in  2023,  as  more US-listed Chinese companies accelerate their 'homecoming' plans and opt for a secondary listing in Hong Kong amidst the  improved  financial  market  sentiment.  CFSG  will continue to leverage the demand for IPO financing to boost our interest income.

As we move into 2023, our asset management business will focus  on  several  key  directions.  On  the  business  side,  we will  continue  to  promote  our  open-ended  fund  to  the public  market  by  strengthening  our  distribution  channels through partnerships with independent fund platforms. On the  investment  side,  we  actively  revamp  our  research, operation  and  risk  control  to  solidify  our  investment management process. By incorporating big data analytics, a remodelled research platform is being constructed. Further system  and  control  development  projects  have  been commenced  to  bring  our  practices  above  and  beyond industry  standards.  We  estimate  that  by  early  Q3  2023, these  programs  will  greatly  impact  our  Group's  AUM growth.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In response to the digital wave, CFSG has been successfully transformed  into  a  full-fledged  financial  services  company with  a  tech-driven  trading  platform  for  its  brokerage, specialising  in  wealth  management  and  investment products  in  Greater  Bay  region.  We  are  at  the  forefront  of FinTech  development  and  innovation,  investing  heavily  in its  digital  platforms  and  will  continue  to  enhance  the features  and  functions  of  our  online  trading  application, providing  our  clients  with  a  swift  and  stable  trading experience across multiple asset classes worldwide.

Under  the  National  14th  Five-Year  Plan,  Hong  Kong  will continue  to  thrive  as  an  international  financial  centre  and global  wealth  management  hub.  Riding  on  our long-established  brand  and  rooted  in  Hong  Kong  for  over 50  years,  CFSG  is  committed  to  becoming  a  trusted, first-class  investment  and  wealth  management  partner 'connecting people, ideas, capital and opportunities for the sustainable development of a better world'.

Entering the golden jubilee year, CFSG will actively expand our  investment  and  wealth  management  businesses, creating  wealth  and  adding  value  to  help  our  valuable clients  achieve  their  ideal  life  goals.  With  a  deep understanding  of  client  needs  in  investment  and  wealth management,  CFSG  is  dedicated  to  delivering  top-notch services  to  our  GBA  clients,  helping  them  to  both  hedge against  global  financial  risks  and  grasp  potential opportunities  on  the  back  of  future  economic  recovery  and  hence  better  plan  wealth  accumulation,  preservation, and heritage.

## ALGO TRADING BUSINESS - CAFG

Commodities,  one  of  the  most  inflation-sensitive  asset classes,  continued  to  outpace  the  performance  of  other major asset classes in 2022. Despite a mix of outset events, during  the  first  half  of  2022,  the  price  of  the  commodities generally remained high due to years of quantitative easing pushing  up  commodities  prices  and  supply  disruption caused by the Russo-Ukrainian conflict. The market started to retrace during the second half as the major central bank hiked  the  interest  rates  to  combat  rising  inflation,  and  the fear of recession risks increased. The energy sector, though volatile,  outperformed  its  peers  during  2022.  Our  futures arbitrage portfolio benefited from the market volatility, the strong  USD  movement,  and  the  continuous  rising  of interest  rates  to  end  the  year  with  a  robust  double-digit gain.  However,  the  fund  trading  momentum  strategies suffered  from  jumpy  price  trends  and  finished  with  only  a slight  increase.  Having  said  so,  the  fund  still  ranked  top quartile  among  its  peer  group.  The  Fund's  AUM  remained steady  as  the  investors  believed  in  our  ability  to  preserve their  wealth  and  appreciated  the  benefit  of  a  commodity fund complementing the overall asset allocation.

Commodities  portfolios'  performance  is  low  in  correlation with the traditional asset classes. They serve as an effective risk  diversifier  for  high-net-worth  investors.  We,  therefore, will continue to work closely with our partners to promote our portfolio management service and fund products. As a sustainable  long-term  growth  strategy,  we  aim  to  expand the  business  scope  from  proprietary  trading  to  asset management as we develop more trading strategies.

## EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

At  31  December 2022, the Group had 705 employees. Our employees  were  remunerated  according  to  their performance,  working  experience  and  market  conditions. The total amount of remuneration cost of employees of the Group  for  the  year  under  review  was  approximately HK$199.0 million.

## BENEFITS

The  Company  and  some  of  its  subsidiaries  provide employee  benefits  including  mandatory  provident  fund scheme,  medical  insurance  scheme,  discretionary  share options, performance bonus and sales commission for their staff.  The  Company also provides its employees in the PRC with  medical  and  other  subsidies,  and  contributes  to  the retirement benefit plans.

## TRAINING

The  Group  has  implemented  various  training  policies  and organised a number of training programs aimed specifically at  improving  the  skills  of  its  employees  and  generally  to increase the competitiveness, productivity and efficiency of the  Group  including  training  in  areas  such  as  product knowledge,  customer  service,  selling  techniques, presentation,  communication,  quality  management, graduate  development  and  also  professional  regulatory training  programs  as  required  by  regulatory  bodies.  The Group  also  arranges  for  relevant  staff,  who  are  licensed persons  under  the  SFO,  to  attend  the  requisite  training courses  to  fulfill/comply  with  the  continuous  professional training as prescribed in the SFO.

The  Group  conducts  an  initial  staff  orientation  for  new employees  in  order  to  familiarise  them  with  the  Group's history  and  strategy,  corporate  culture,  quality management  measures  and  rules  and  regulations.  This orientation  aims  to  prepare  the  new  employees  for  the positions  by  establishing  a  sense  of  belongingness  and cooperation;  by  supplying  necessary  information  that resolves  an  employee's  concerns;  and  by  removing  any potential  barriers  for  job  effectiveness  and  continuous learning.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Bankee Pak-hoo KWAN, JP

## Chairman, ED &amp; CEO

## DBA(Hon), MBA, BBA, FFA, FHKSI, CPM(HK), FHKIM

Dr Kwan, aged 63, joined the Board on 9 March 1998. He is responsible for devising the overall business strategy of the Group.  Dr  Kwan  has  extensive  experience  in  corporate management,  strategic  planning,  marketing  management, financial advisory and banking. An MBA graduate from The Murdoch University of Perth, Australia and a BBA graduate from  The  Chinese  University  of  Hong  Kong,  Dr  Kwan  was also  conferred  an  Honorary  Doctorate  degree  in  Business Administration.  Dr  Kwan  is  also  a  fellow  of  the  Institute  of Financial  Accountants,  UK,  the  Hong  Kong  Securities  and Investment  Institute  and  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of Marketing  (HKIM).  He  is  a  Certified  Professional  Marketer (HK) of HKIM. He is a Justice of Peace (JP) of the HKSAR.

Dr  Kwan  is  a  firm  believer  in  youth  education  and development.  He  is  a  John  Harvard  fellow  of  The  Harvard University,  US;  a  member  of  the  Harvard  University  Asia Center Advisory Committee; a trustee of New Asia College of The Chinese University of Hong Kong; an honorary fellow of  The  Hong  Kong  Metropolitan  University;  a  member  of the  Court  of  City  University  of  Hong  Kong,  an  Adjunct Professor  of  The  Hang  Seng  University  of  Hong  Kong,  an honorary director  of  the  Pan  Sutong  Shanghai-Hong  Kong Economic  Policy  Research  Institute  (PSEI)  of  Lingnan University  of  Hong  Kong  and  an  advisory  professor  and  a honorary  member  of  the  Board  of  Trustees  of  Nanjing University.  Dr  Kwan  is  also  an  honorary  advisor  of  several higher  education  institutions,  including  the  LiPACE  of  The Hong  Kong  Metropolitan  University  and  the  Academy  of Oriental Studies of Peking University.

In  addition  to  education,  Dr  Kwan  is  also  active  in  serving the  community.  Currently,  he  is  a  member  of  the  14th National  Committee  of  the  Chinese  People's  Political Consultative  Conference  (CPPCC);  a  standing  committee member  and  vice  convener  (Hong  Kong  and  Macao Members) of the CPPCC, Shanghai Committee; the deputy chairman  of  the  Business  Facilitation  Advisory  Committee (BFAC)  and  also  the  convenor  of  the  Wholesale  and  Retail Task  Force  (WRTF)  of  BFAC;  a  member  of  the  Mandatory

Provident  Fund  Schemes  Advisory  Committee  (MPFSAC) and a former non-executive director of the MPF Authority; president  of  Federation  of  Hong  Kong-Shanghai Associations;  a  member  of  the  5th  Council  of  the  China Overseas Friendship Association; a member of the Election Committee for the Fourth, the Fifth  and  the  Sixth  Term  of the  Chief  Executive  Election  of  the  HKSAR;  a  director,  an executive  committee  member,  past  honorary  advisor  and past  chairman  of  the  Hong  Kong  Retail  Management Association  (HKRMA);  a  member  of  the  Securities  and Futures  Appeals  Tribunal  (SFAT);  a  member  of  the  Labour Advisory  Board  of  the  HKSAR;  a  member  of  the  Marketing Management  Committee  of  the  Hong  Kong  Management Association (HKMA); a director of the Hong Kong Justice of Peace Association; an honorary advisor of Hong Kong Small and  Medium  Enterprises  Association.  Dr  Kwan  has  also been  a  member  of  the  Central  Policy  Unit  of  the Government of the HKSAR and an honorary advisor of the CEPA Business Opportunities Development Alliance.

In  December  2009,  Dr  Kwan  was  named  'Entrepreneur  of the Year 2009' in the Asia Pacific Entrepreneurship Awards as  organised  by  Enterprise  Asia,  which  recognised  his outstanding  entrepreneurial  success  and  significant contributions to economic life and society. In April 2016, Dr Kwan was named 'Man of the Year for Leadership in Asia' by IAIR, the world's leading financial magazine. The annual IAIR  Awards  recognise  outstanding  professionals  who actively  promote  excellences  in  innovation  and sustainability.  In  August  2018,  he  was  bestowed  with  the 'World  Outstanding  Chinese  Award'  organised  by  World Chinese  Business  Investments  Foundation,  which recognised  his  great  contribution  to  the  global  Chinese society.  In  December  2019,  The  Hang  Seng  University  of Hong  Kong  bestowed  the  'Junzi  Entrepreneur  Award'  on Dr  Kwan,  recognising  his  continuous  contribution  to  the society of Hong Kong.

Dr  Kwan  is  the  controlling  Shareholder  of  the  Company,  a member of the Remuneration Committee and the chairman of  the  Nomination  Committee.  He  is  also  an  executive director,  chairman  and  chief  executive  officer  of  CFSG,  as well as a member of the remuneration committee and the chairman of the nomination committee of CFSG. He is the father  of  Mr  Kwan  Teng  Hin  Jeffrey  (executive  director  of the Company and CFSG).

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## James Siu-pong LEUNG

## ED

## MBA, BSocSc

Mr Leung, aged 60, joined the Board on 2 September 2019. He  is  in  charge  of  the  overall  strategic  development  and business management of Pricerite Group. He has extensive experience in the fields of banking, debt capital market and retail management businesses. Mr Leung received a Master of  Business  Administration  Degree  from  Heriot-Watt University,  UK  and  a  Bachelor  of  Social  Sciences (Management and Economics) Degree from The University of Hong Kong. Mr Leung is also the executive director and chief executive officer of Pricerite Group.

## Jeffrey Teng-hin KWAN

## ED

## BA, MHKSI

Mr Kwan, aged 33, joined the Board on 2 September 2019. He  is  in  charge  of  corporate  management  and  strategic investments  of  the  Group.  He  has  extensive  experience  in financial technology, corporate and strategic management, private  equity  and  investment  management.  Mr  Kwan received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Psychology from the Johns Hopkins University, US. He is a member of the Hong Kong  Securities  and  Investment  Institute.  He  is  the  son  of Dr  Kwan  Pak  Hoo  Bankee  (the  Chairman  of  the  Group). Mr Kwan is also an executive director of CFSG.

## Lewis Shing-wai LI

## ED &amp; CFO

## BBus, CPA(Aus), CPA

Mr Li, aged 49, joined the Board on 9 September 2020. He oversees  the  accounting  and  financial  management functions of the Group. He has extensive experience in the fields  of  financial  and  accounting  management.  Mr  Li received  a  Bachelor  of  Business  Degree  from  Swinburne University  of  Technology,  Australia.  He  is  a  Certified Practising  Accountant  of  CPA  Australia  and  a  Certified Public  Accountant  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified Public  Accountants.  Mr  Li  has  resigned  as  an  executive director and chief financial officer of CFSG on 1 June 2022.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Johnny Ka-kui LEUNG

## INED

## LL.B

Mr Leung, aged 65, joined the Board on 25 October 2000. Mr Leung has extensive experience in the legal field and is the managing partner of a legal firm in Hong Kong. He is a qualified  solicitor  in  Hong  Kong,  England  &amp;  Wales  and Singapore,  and  is  a  Notary  Public  and  China  Appointed Attesting  Officer.  Mr  Leung  received  a  Bachelor  of  Laws Degree (LL.B) from The University of London, UK. Mr Leung is  also  the  chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  the Remuneration  Committee;  and  a  member  of  the Nomination  Committee.  Mr  Leung  also  an  independent non-executive  director,  chairman  of  remuneration committee  and  member  of  audit  committee  and nomination  committee  of  Ban  Loong  Holdings  Limited (stock code: 30), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock  Exchange.  Mr  Leung  has  resigned  as  independent non-executive  director  and  ceased  to  act  as  member  of each  of  audit  committee,  nomination  committee  and chairman  of  remuneration  committee  of  Phoenitron Holdings  Limited  (stock  code:  8066),  a  company  listed  on the  GEM  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange,  on  15  December 2022  and  he  has  retired  as  independent  non-executive director,  and  ceased to serve as chairman of remuneration committee,  member  of  audit  committee  and  nomination committee of Janco Holdings Limited (stock code: 8035), a company listed  on  the  GEM  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange, on 10 June 2022.

## Chuk-yan WONG

## INED

MSc (Business Administration), BBA, CFA, CPA, CGA

Mr Wong, aged 61, joined the Board on 3 June 1998. He has extensive  investment  management  experience  in  the global  financial  markets.  Mr  Wong  received  a  Master  of Science  Degree  in  Business  Administration  from  The University  of  British  Columbia,  Canada  and  a  Bachelor  of Business  Administration  Degree  from  The  Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst ( CFA)  charterholder  and  a  Chartered  Professional Accountant  of  Canada  (CPA,  CGA).  Mr  Wong  is  also  a member  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  the  Remuneration Committee.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Hak-sin CHAN

## INED

## PhD, MBA, BBA

Dr Chan, aged 61, joined the Board on 25 October 2000. He has  extensive  experience  in  the  academia  in  the  US  as professor,  researcher  and  consultant  in  the  fields  of corporate  finance  and  international  marketing.  Dr  Chan  is an  associate  professor  in  the  Department  of  Marketing  at The Hang Seng University of Hong Kong. Dr Chan received a  Doctor  of  Philosophy  Degree  in  Business,  a  Master  of Business  Administration  Degree  from  The  University  of Wisconsin-Madison,  US  and  a  Bachelor  of  Business Administration  Degree  from  The  Chinese  University  of Hong  Kong.  Dr  Chan  is  also  a  member  of  the  Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Ada Suet-ping CHEUNG

## Company Secretary

## ACG, HKACG, CPA, FCCA

Ms Cheung, aged 50, joined the Group in August 2021. She is  in  charge  of  the  company  secretarial  matters  of  the Group.  She  has  extensive  listed  company  secretarial experience.  She  is  an  associate  of  The  Chartered Governance  Institute,  UK  and  The  Hong  Kong  Chartered Governance  Institute,  a  Certified  Public  Accountant  of  the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a f e l l o w   of  the  Association  of  Chartered  Certified Accountants.  In  addition  to  taking  the  role  as  company secretary of the Company, Ms Cheung is also the company secretary of CFSG.

## Carrie Chiu-mei LAW

## Director, Human Resources &amp; Administration

## BBA, MHKIHRM

Ms Law, aged 49, joined the Group in August 2001. She is in charge  of  the  human  resources  and  administrative functions  of  the  Group.  She  has  extensive  experience  in human  capital  management,  including  strategic  human resources  planning,  talent  management,  succession planning  and  human  resources  measurements.  She  is  also experienced  in  managing  human  resources  and administrative  operations  across  regional  offices.  Ms  Law received  a  Bachelor  of  Business  Administration  (Hons) Degree  in  Human  Resources  Management  from  the  Hong Kong  Baptist  University.  She  is  a  professional  member  of Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Human  Resources  Management. She  is  also  appointed  as  Assessor  for  the  Recognition  of Prior  Learning  Scheme  with  Vocational  Training  Council. Ms  Law  is  also  the  Director  of  Human  Resources  &amp; Administration of CFSG.

## William Wai-lim CHEUNG

## Executive Director &amp; Chief Operating Officer, CFSG

MBS, BA, CPA

Mr Cheung, aged 47, joined the Group in September 2016. He is in charge of the overall administrative and operational functions of CFSG. He has extensive experience in the fields of banking, accounting and auditing. Mr Cheung received a Master  of  Business  Studies  Degree  from  the  University  of Kent  at  Canterbury,  UK  and  a  Bachelor  of  Arts  (Hons)  in Accountancy Degree from City University of Hong Kong. He is  a  Certified Public Accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

## Trevor Hin-ong LAW

## Executive Director &amp; Deputy Chief Financial Officer, CFSG

## MSc, BSc, CPA(Aus)

Mr  Law,  aged  31,  joined  the  Group  in  August  2020.  He oversees the finance and treasury function of CFSG. He has extensive  experience  in  the  fields  of  financial  and accounting  management.  Mr  Law  received  a  Master  of Science Degree in Business (Finance and Accounting) from the University of Warwick, United Kingdom and a Bachelor of  Science  Degree  in  Accounting,  Business,  Finance  and Management from the University of York, United Kingdom. He is a Certified Practising Accountant of CPA Australia.

## Angela Sze-kai WONG

## Executive Director, CFSG

EMBA, CFA

Ms Wong, aged 55, joined the Group in February 2004. She is in charge of the overall operations of CASH Algo Finance Group.  She  has  extensive  experience  in  financial  services and wealth management in North America, Hong Kong and Mainland China. Ms Wong is an Executive MBA of Tsinghua University, Beijing and a Chartered Financial Analyst of CFA Institute,  US.  Ms  Wong  is  also  the  Executive  Director  of CFSG.  She  is  a  responsible  officer  of  CASH  Asset Management  Limited,  CASH  Wealth  Management  Limited and CASH Algo Finance Group Limited.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Alfred Ka-chun MA

## Managing Director, CAFG

## PhD, MPhil, BSc, CIPM, ASA, PRM, CFA

Dr Ma, aged 43, joined the Group in December 2021. He is in  charge  of  research  and  development  for  algorithmic trading  and  data  analytics.  He  has  extensive  experience  in the  field  of  financial  engineering  and  algorithmic  trading. Dr  Ma  received  a  Doctor  of  Philosophy  Degree  in Operations  Research  from  the  Columbia  University,  US,  a Master  of  Philosophy  Degree  in  Mathematics  and  a Bachelor  of  Science  Degree  in  Mathematics  from  The Chinese  University  of  Hong  Kong.  He  is  a  holder  of Certificate  in  Investment  Performance  Measurement  from the  CFA  Institute,  US,  an  associate  of  the  Society  of Actuaries,  US  and  a  Professional  Risk  Manager  of  The Professional  Risk  Managers'  International  Association,  US. He  is  also  a  Chartered  Financial  Analyst  and  a  responsible officer of CASH Algo Finance Group Limited.

## Duncan Hau-ming Ip

## Director of Customer Solutions, Pricerite Group

GBM

Mr Ip, aged 40, joined the Group in 18 March 2018. He is in charge  the  overall  merchandising  platform  of  Pricerite Group building it as a professional data-driven organisation. He  is  responsible  for  fostering  the  understanding  of customers'  changing  preferences  and  buying  behaviours while  optimising  the  inventory  and  supply  chain management  of  the  group.  Through  big-data  analytics, Mr  Ip  is  dedicated  to  developing  customer-oriented product  portfolio  to  gain  customer  loyalty  through enhanced  customer  satisfaction.  He  has  extensive experience in retail data analytics. Mr Ip holds a Bachelor of Global  Business  Management  Degree  from  University  of Central Lancashire, UK.

## Oliver Ka-kuen HO

## Director of Customer Experience

MBA

Mr Ho, aged 59, joined the Group in May 2019.  He oversees the  overall  operations  and  O2O  development  of  Pricerite Group aiming at constantly improving customer experience through  seamlessly  integrating  online  touchpoints  with offline  channels, creating a pleasant customer journey and seamless  shopping  experience.  He  has  extensive experience in retail industry, with particular focus on store, logistics  and  customer  relationship  management.  Mr  Ho received  a  Master  of  Business  Administration  Degree  from University of Wales, UK.

## Bonnie Yee-sin HUNG

## Director of Customer Communication, Pricerite Group

BBA

Ms Hung, aged 45, joined the Group in July 2017. She leads and  manages  all  customer  communication  and  brand development  functions  of  Pricerite  Group.  She  is experienced  in  adopting  every  020  marketing  with integrated  communication,  ensuring  that  customers  are staying connected and interacting with all Pricerite brands. She  also  has  extensive  retail  chain  marketing  experience, especially  in  project  management  and  high-volume campaigns.  Ms  Hung  received  a  Bachelor  of  Business Administration  (Hons)  Degree  from  the  City  University  of Hong Kong.

## Boris Ting-pong TAM

## General Manager of iRetail, Pricerite Group

BAS

Mr  Tam,  aged  41,  joined  the  Group  in  May  2016.  He  is  in charge of the e-commerce business of Pricerite Group. He has  extensive  experience  in  the  fields  of  e-commerce  and information  technology.  Mr  Tam  received  a  Bachelor  of Applied  Science  Degree  in  Computing  from  Swinburne University of Technology, Australia.

## Deon Chui-yee WON

## General Manager &amp; Head of Merchandising (Furniture Section), Pricerite Group

Ms Won, aged 54, joined the Group in May 2004. She is in charge  of  the  furniture  business  of  supply  chain management  of  Pricerite  Group.  She  has  over  20  years' experience in the field of supply chain management.

## Katherine Kit-yi TAM

## General Manager &amp; Head of Retail Operations, Pricerite Group

BA

Ms Tam, aged 55, joined the Group in January 2022. She is in charge of the retail operations of Pricerite Group. She has extensive experience in the retail operations fields. Ms Tam received  a  Bachelor  of  Arts  from  The  University  of Winnipeg, Canada.

## Kenny Wai-ming SIU

## Deputy General Manager &amp; Head of Merchandising (Non-furniture Section), Pricerite Group

BSc

Mr Siu, aged 39, joined the Group in September 2020. He is in  charge  of  the  household  merchandising  business  of Pricerite  Group.  He  has  over  15  years'  experience  in  the field  of  retail  business.  Mr  Siu  received  a  Bachelor  of Science  Degree  in  Food  and  Nutritional  from  The  Chinese University of Hong Kong.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICE

The Directors of the Company have adopted various policies to ensure compliance with the code provisions of the CG Code as set out in Part 2 of Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has complied with all  the  code provisions of the CG Code, except the deviation from code provision C.2.1 which requires the roles of chairman and chief executive officer be separate and not be performed by the same individual, details were mentioned in the section of 'Chairman and Chief Executive Officer'.

## CULTURES AND VALUES

A healthy corporate culture across the Group is integral part to attain its vision and strategy. It is the Board's role to foster a corporate culture with the following core principles and to ensure that the Company's vision, values and business strategies are aligned to it.

## Integrity and code of conduct

The  Group  strives  to  maintain  high  standard  of  business  ethics  and  corporate  governance  across  all  our  activities  and operations.  The  Directors,  management  and  staff  are  all  required  to  act  lawfully,  ethically  and  responsibly,  and  the  relevant standards and requirements are set out in the relevant materials to staff and policies such as the Group's employee handbook, the anti-corruption policy and whistle-blowing policy of the Group.

## Commitment

The Group believes that the culture of commitment to staff development, workplace health and safety, work-life balance and sustainability are the key elements for staff engagement with the Group's mission. The Group is committed to provide a safe, healthy and family-friendly workplace to staff so as to attracts, develops and retains the best talents and delivered the highest quality of work.

## THE BOARD COMPOSITION

Up  to  the  publication  date  of  this  report,  the  Board  comprised  7  Directors  (4  EDs  and  3  INEDs)  who  possess  the  skills, experience and expertise either in the same industry or relevant to the management of the business of the Group. The Board of which over one third of the Board members are INEDs, thereby promoting critical review and control of the management process.  The  INEDs  will  also  share  their  valuable  impartial  view  on  matters  to  be  discussed  at  the  board  meetings.  The biographies of the Directors are set out from pages 19 to 21 of this annual report under the 'Board of Directors and Senior Management' section.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Code provision C.2.1 requires that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and not be performed by the same individual. Dr Kwan, the ED and Chairman of the Board also acted as CEO of the Company during the underlying year. Dr Kwan is responsible for formulating the strategies and policies of the business development of the Group, providing leadership and overseeing the functioning of the Board. The dual role of Dr Kwan provides a strong and consistent leadership to the Board and is critical for efficient business planning and decisions of the Group. The CEOs of respective business units of the  Group  assisted  Dr  Kwan  in  performing  CEO's  responsibilities  and  are  responsible  for  formulating  business  plans  and monitoring the business operation and development of the Group, and report regularly to the Chairman. The balance of power and authorities is also ensured by the operation of the Board and the senior management, which comprise experienced and high caliber individuals. In addition, the 3 INEDs provide independent and impartial opinion on issues to be considered by the Board. The Board is of the opinion that the current Board structure functions effectively.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The  INEDs  are  all  professionals  with  well  recognised  experience  and  expertise  in  professional  and/or  accounting  fields  who provide valuable advice to the Board. They are appointed for a term of 1 year and are subject to retirement from office and re-election  at  the  AGM  every  year.  The  Company  has  received  a  confirmation  of  independence  from  each  of  the  INEDs.  The Board considers each of them to be independent by reference to the factors as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The INEDs have been expressly identified as such in all corporate communications of the Company that disclose the names of the Directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## INDEPENDENT VIEWS

The  Company  has  maintained  a  mechanism  to  ensure  that  independent  view  and  input  are  available  to  the  Board.  The mechanism includes:

- -Nomination  Committee  is  established  with  clear  terms  of  reference  to  identify  suitable  candidates,  including independent non-executive directors, for appointment as Directors.
- -Nomination Policy is in place with details of the process and criteria of identifying, selecting, recommending, cultivating and integrating new directorship.
- -For independent non-executive directors ('INED(s)'):
- (i) Every INED is required to confirm in writing to the Company his/her independence upon his/her appointment as Director with reference to such criteria as stipulated in the Listing Rules;
- (ii) Each  INED  has  to  declare  his/her  past  or  present  financial  or  other  interests  in  the  Group's  business  as  soon  as practicable, or his/her connection with any of the Company's connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules), if any;
- (iii) Each INED is required to inform the Company as soon as practicable if there is any change in his/her own personal particulars that may affect his/her independence.
- -The Nomination Committee will assess the independence of INEDs and review the INEDs' annual confirmations on their independence.
- -Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect an individual as an INED at the general meeting, it will set out in the circular  to  Shareholders  the  reasons  it  believes  he/she  should  be  elected  and  the  reasons  it  considers  him/her  to  be independent.
- -A  mechanism  is  in  place  for  Directors  to  seek  independent  professional  advice  in  performing  their  duties  at  the Company's expense.

The implementation and effectiveness of the mechanism are reviewed by the Board on an annual basis.

## ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD

The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Group and is responsible for promoting the success of the Group by directing and supervising the business operations of the Group in the interests of the Shareholders by formulating strategic directions and monitoring the financial and management performance of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DELEGATION TO THE MANAGEMENT

The  Management  is  led  by  the  EDs  of  the  Board  and  has  delegated  powers  and  authorities  to  carry  out  the  day-to-day management and operation of the Group; formulate business policies and make decision on key business issues; and exercise power and authority delegated by the Board from time to time. The Management assumes full accountability to the Board for the operation of the Group.

There is a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved to and delegated by the Board. The Board had given clear directions to the Management that certain matters (including the followings) must be reserved to the Board:

- -Publication of final and interim results of the Company
- -Dividend distribution or other distribution
- -Major issues of treasury policy, accounting policy and remuneration policy
- -Review on risk management and internal control systems
- -Corporate governance functions
- -Review on the succession plan and consideration of the appointment, re-election and removal of the Directors
- -Changes to major group structure or board composition requiring notification by announcement
- -Notifiable transaction and non-exempted connected transaction/continuing connected transaction
- -Proposed transaction requiring the Shareholders' approval
- -Capital restructuring
- -Joint venture with outside party involving substantial capital commitment from the Group that requires notification by announcement
- -Financial assistance to the Directors

## RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE BOARD MEMBERS

Dr  Kwan  Pak  Hoo  Bankee  (Chairman,  ED  and  CEO  of  the  Company)  is  the  father  of  Mr  Kwan  Teng  Hin  Jeffrey  (ED  of  the Company).  Save  as  disclosed  herein,  none  of  the  members  of  the  Board  has  any  relationship  (including  financial,  business, family or other material/relevant relations) between each other.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## INDUCTION, SUPPORT AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Directors received regular updates and presentation on changes and developments to the Group's business and on the latest  developments  in  the  law,  rules  and  regulations  relating  to  Directors'  duties  and  responsibilities.  A  newly  appointed Director  will  receive  a  comprehensive  induction  package  covering  the  statutory  and  regulatory  obligations  of  Directors. Directors' training is an ongoing process. All Directors are encouraged to attend training sessions including but not limited to seminars  (including  online  webinars),  briefings,  conference  forums  and  workshop  and  reading  materials  to  enrich  their knowledge in discharging their duties as a director.

To summarise, the Directors received trainings on the following areas to update and develop their skills and knowledge during the year under review:-

| Name of Directors  Covered areas  (Notes)  Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee  (a) to (b)  Li Shing Wai Lewis  (a) to (b)  Leung Siu Pong James  (a) to (b)  Kwan Teng Hin Jeffrey  (a) to (b)  Leung Ka Kui Johnny  (a)  Wong Chuk Yan  (a)  Chan Hak Sin  (a)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

a) Corporate governance and regulatory development b) The Company and industry's news

There is a procedure agreed by the Board to ensure the Directors, upon reasonable request, to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company's expenses. The Directors confirmed that they have complied with the code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code during the year.

## DIRECTORS' INSURANCE

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal action against the Directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIRECTORS' ATTENDANCE AND TIME COMMITMENT

The attendance record of the Directors at the following meetings during the year is set out below:

| Meetings attended/held  Name of Directors  Executive  Committee  Meeting  Full Board  Meeting  Audit  Committee  Meeting  Remuneration  Committee  Meeting  Nomination  Committee  Meeting  Annual  General  Meeting  Special  General  Meeting  EDs  Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee  11/11  9/9  N/A  1/1  1/1  1/1  2/2  Li Shing Wai Lewis  11/11  9/9  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  2/2  Leung Siu Pong James  11/11  9/9  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  2/2  Kwan Teng Hin Jeffrey  11/11  9/9  N/A  N/A  N/A  1/1  2/2  INEDs  Leung Ka Kui Johnny  N/A  9/9  4/4  1/1  1/1  0/1  2/2  Wong Chuk Yan  N/A  8/9  3/4  1/1  N/A  1/1  1/2  Chan Hak Sin  N/A  9/9  4/4  N/A  1/1  1/1  0/2  Total number of  meetings held:  11  9  4  1  1  1  2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, the Chairman of the Board held a meeting with the INEDs without the presence of the EDs.

Upon reviewing (i) the annual confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (ii) the directorships and major commitments  of  each  Director;  and  (iii)  the  attendance  rate  of  each  Director  on  full  Board  and  their  executive  committee meetings  with  the  Management  on  their  respective  functional  duties  and  responsibilities,  the  Board  is  satisfied  that  all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities during the year.

## BOARD MEETINGS AND PROCEEDINGS

Regular Board meetings were held at approximately quarterly interval. The Directors have access to the advice and services of the  Company  Secretary  and  key  officers  of  the  company  secretarial  team  for  ensuring  that  the  Board  procedures,  and  all applicable rules and regulations, are followed.

All Directors are consulted as to whether they wish to include any matter in the meeting agenda before the agenda for each board meeting is issued. Board meeting notice is sent to the Directors at least 14 days prior to each regular board meeting. Originals  of  the  minutes  of  board  meetings  will  be  kept  by  the  Company  Secretary  and  are  opened  for  inspection  at  any reasonable time on reasonable notice by any Director.

If a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has determined to be material, the  Director  will  abstain  from  voting  on  the  relevant  board  resolution  in  which  he/she  or  any  of  his/her  associates  has  a material interest and that he/she shall not be counted in the quorum present at the board meeting.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## AUDIT COMMITTEE (SET UP ON 28 JUNE 1999)

The Audit Committee consists of three INEDs, namely Mr Leung Ka Kui Johnny (chairman of the committee), Mr Wong Chuk Yan and Dr Chan Hak Sin.

The specific  written  terms  of  reference  of  the  Audit  Committee  is  available  on  the  websites  of  the  Stock  Exchange  and  the Company.

The Audit Committee is primarily responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment and removal of the  external  auditor,  approving  the  remuneration  and  terms  of  engagement  of  external  auditor,  reviewing  financial information  and  overseeing  of  the  financial  reporting  system,  risk  management  and  internal  control  procedures.  The  Audit Committee held 4 meetings during the year.

A summary of work performed by the Audit Committee during the year is set out as follows:

- i. reviewed  the  annual  and  interim  financial  statements  and  the  quarterly  business  operation  and  development  of  the Group;
- ii. discussed/met  with  the  external  auditor  on  general  accounting  issues  of  the  Group,  and  reviewed  their  work  and findings relating to the annual audit and the effectiveness of the audit process;
- iii. reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group; and
- iv. reviewed  the  external  auditor's  independence,  approved  the  engagement  and  remuneration  of  external  auditor  and recommended the Board on the re-appointment of external auditor.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (SET UP ON 1 JUNE 2005)

The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Mr Leung Ka Kui Johnny (chairman of the committee) and Mr Wong Chuk Yan, both being INEDs, and Dr Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee, being Chairman of the Board.

The specific written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the  Company. Pursuant to the CG Code E.1.2(c)(ii) and the terms of reference adopted by the Remuneration Committee, its primary  duties  are  to  make  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the  Company's  policies  and  structure  of  the  remuneration  of Directors  and  senior  management and the remuneration packages of individual EDs and senior management. Details of the remuneration  of  each  of  the  Directors  for  the  year  are  set  out  in  note  11  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  The Remuneration Committee held 1 meeting during the year.

A summary of the work performed by the Remuneration Committee during the year is set out as follows:

- i. determined and endorsed to the remuneration policy and structure for the Directors and senior management; and
- ii. assessed the performance of executive Directors and reviewed their current level and remuneration structure/package and approved their specific remuneration package of executive Directors.

## Remuneration policy of the Directors

The Company adopted a remuneration policy providing guideline for the Directors' remuneration.

Under the remuneration policy, the Directors'  remuneration  should  be  based  on  internal  equity  factors  and  external  market conditions and will be reviewed from time to time.

The remuneration of EDs generally consists of:

- fixed  monthly salary/allowance - which is set in accordance to the Director's duties, responsibilities, skills, experiences and market influences;
- pension - which is based on the local Mandatory Provident Fund Contribution Scheme;
- short  term  variable  incentive  -  which  may  include  discretionary  cash  bonus  depending  on  the  achievement  of short-term corporate objectives and/or personal targets;
- long term variable incentive - which may include share options designed to encourage long-term commitment.

The  remuneration  of  the  non-executive  Director(s)  of  the  Company  (if  any)  and  the  INEDs  will  be  a  lump  sum  of  Directors' remuneration made annually.

The  remuneration  paid  to  and/or  entitled  by  each  of  the  Directors  for  the  year  are  set  out  in  note  11  to  the  consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

The share options granted to and/or entitled by the Directors during the year under review are set out in the section headed 'Directors' Interests in Securities' in the Directors' report of this annual report.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE (SET UP ON 31 MARCH 2022)

The Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Dr Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee (chairman of the committee), being Chairman of the Board, Mr Leung Ka Kui Johnny and Dr Chan Hak Sin, both being INEDs.

The specific written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are (a) reviewing the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board; (b) reviewing the board diversity policy; (c) identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  for  directorship;  (d)  assessing  the  independence  of  INEDs;  and  (e)  making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment, re-election or re-designation of Directors and succession planning for Directors. The Nomination Committee held 1 meeting during the year.

A summary of the work performed by the Nomination Committee during the year is set out as follows:

- i. reviewed the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board;
- ii. reviewed the independence of the INEDs; and
- iii. made recommendation to the Board on the re-election of Directors.

## Nomination Policy

The Company has adopted a nomination policy for the Nomination Committee to identify and evaluate a suitable candidate for nomination to (i) the Board for appointment; or (ii) the Shareholders for election, as Directors, at general meetings.

## Selection Criteria

The nomination policy of the Company specifies the selection criteria of Directors including but not limited to the following:

- -character, experience and integrity;
- -skills, experience and professional expertise which are relevant to the operations of the Group;
- -diversity  in  all  aspects,  including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;
- -requirements  of  independence  of  the  proposed  independent  non-executive  Directors  in  accordance  with  the  Listing Rules;
- -commitment in respect of sufficient time and participation to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/or Board Committee(s).

## Nomination Process

- -the  Nomination  Committee  will  hold  a  meeting  and/or  by  way  of  written  resolutions  to,  if  though  fit,  approve  the recommendation to the Board for appointment;
- -to make the recommendation to the Board in relation to the proposed appointment; and
- -the Board will have the final authority on determining the selection of nominees.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The  Company  has  adopted  a  Board  diversity  policy  (the  'Board  Diversity  Policy')  which  sets  out  the  approach  to  achieve diversity  of  the  Board  and  is  subject  to  annual  review  by  the  Nomination  Committee.  In  designing  the  Board's  composition, Board diversity is considered from a number of perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, experience, cultural and educational background, expertise, skills and know-how, length of services and time to be devoted as a Director. The Company will  also  take  into  account  factors  relating  to  its  own  business  model  and  specific  needs  from  time  to  time.  The  ultimate decision is based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

## Gender Diversity

The Board currently has no female Director. The Board would continue to take initiatives to identify suitable candidates so as to  appoint  at  least  one  female  Director  on  the  Board  no  later  than  31  December  2024  via  different  channels  such  as  by engaging human resources agencies to identify potential successors for the Board and enhance gender diversity.

The Company is committed to promoting gender diversity not only within the Board but among its workforce generally. As at 31 December 2022, the number of female employees of the Group accounted for 55.9% of the total workforce. The Board is of the view that the Group has achieved gender diversity among employees.

The Group's recruitment strategy is underpinned by the appointment of the right employee for the right position, in order to achieve  employee  diversity  for  all  employees  (including  the  senior  management)  in  terms  of  gender,  age,  cultural  and educational background, expertise, skills and know-how.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

The Board is responsible for the corporate governance functions of the Group. The specific written terms of reference of the corporate  governance  functions  is  available  on  the  Company's  website.  The  primary  duties  of  the  corporate  governance functions  are  (a)  reviewing  the  policies  and  practices  on  (i)  corporate  governance  and  (ii)  compliance  with  legal  and regulations  requirements  of  the  Company;  (b)  reviewing  and  monitoring  the  training  and  continuous  professional development of the Directors and senior management; and (c) reviewing the Company's compliance with code and disclosure in this report.

During  the  year,  the  Board  reviewed  the  policies  and  practices  on  corporate  governance,  the  training  and  continuous professional development of Directors and senior management and the Company's compliance with code and disclosure in this report.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy as set out below:

## 1. Purpose

The policy aims to set out the approach for the declaration and payment of dividend by the Board.

## 2. Vision

The Company considers stable and sustainable returns to the Shareholders to be our goal.

## 3. Power of the Board

- 3.1 The Company may declare and distribute dividends to the Shareholders by way of cash or by other means that the Board considers appropriate.
- 3.2 In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall also take into account, inter alia:-
- (i) the Company's actual and expected financial performance;
- (ii) retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;
- (iii) the level of the Group's debts to equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants;
- (iv) any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group's lenders;
- (v) the Group's expected working capital requirements and future expansion plans;
- (vi) general  economic conditions, business cycle of the  Group's  business  and  other  internal  or  external  factors that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and
- (vii) any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.
- 3.3 Any declaration and/or payment of future dividend is subject to the Board's determination that the same would be in the best interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole.

## 4. Governing rules

Declaration of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Laws of Bermuda, the bye-laws of the Company and any applicable laws, rules and regulations.

## 5. Approval

- 5.1 The Board may from time to time pay to the Shareholders such interim and/or special dividends as it considers to be justified by the profits of the Group.
- 5.2 Any final dividends declared by the Company must be approved by an ordinary resolution of the Shareholders at an AGM and must not exceed the amount recommended by the Board.

## 6. Review of this policy

The Board will review the policy from time to time and may exercise at its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the policy at any time as it deems fit and necessary.

## 7. Legal validity

The policy  shall  in  no  way  constitute  a  legally  binding  commitment  by  the  Company  in  respect  of  its  future  dividend and/or in no way obligate the Company to declare a dividend at any time or from time to time. There is no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary, a full time employee of the Company, reports directly to the Board and is responsible for, inter alia, providing updated and timely information to all Directors from time to time.

During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Company Secretary has complied with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules and took no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training.

## SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS OF DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions of Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding Directors' securities transactions. Having made specific enquiries to the Directors of the Company, all of them confirmed that they have complied with the required standard of dealings and the code of conduct throughout the year.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

The Directors acknowledge that it is their responsibilities to prepare the financial statements of the Group and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules and the Management has provided such explanation and information to the Board to enable it to make an informed assessment of the financial and other Board decisions. The Directors believe that they have selected  suitable  accounting  policies  and  applied  them  consistently,  made  judgment  and  estimates  that  are  prudent  and reasonable  and  ensured  the  financial  statements  are  prepared  on  a  'going  concern'  basis.  The  auditor  of  the  Company  has made a statement about their reporting responsibilities in the Independent Auditor's Report.

The Management has provided all members of the Board with monthly internal financial statements so as to give the Directors a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company's performance, position and prospects.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board acknowledges its responsibilities for establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective risk management and internal  control  systems,  and  for  determining  the  nature  and  extent  of  the  risks  it  is  willing  to  take  in  achieving  its  strategic objectives. The Management is primarily responsible for the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems.

Procedures have been designed for safeguarding the Group's assets against unauthorised use or disposal, maintaining proper accounting records, ensuring the reliability and usefulness of financial information for internal business use or for publication, and monitoring the compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Furthermore, they are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or losses.

The key risk management and internal control procedures include the following:

## (i) Delegation of authority within limits set by the Board

The  Management  of  business  units  and  functional  departments  have  been  delegated  powers  and  authorities  by  the Board  to  carry  out  the  day-to-day  management,  operation,  and  maintenance  of  the  internal  control  systems  that  are appropriate  to  their  business  or  function.  The  Group  has  adopted  a  tailored  governance  and  organisational  structure with formal and clearly defined lines of responsibility and delegation of authority to ensure segregation of duties with check and balance controls are effectively in place.

## (ii) Risk management process

System and procedures are in place to identify, evaluate, manage, and report on the material risk types facing the Group including strategic, operations, compliance, reporting, information and technology risks as well as environmental, social and governance risks. Exposure to these risks is monitored by the Risk Management Committee ('RMC'). RMC oversees and  defines  the  Group  overall  risk  management  framework,  formulates  the  Group's  risk  management  policy  and guideline, determines the overall risk acceptance level, assesses the Group's risk profile, prioritises top risks for the Group, and promotes risk awareness and management knowledge.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Under the Risk Management Framework, the five steps of the risk management process adopted are risk identification, risk  assessment  and  prioritisation,  risk  manager  appointment,  risk  responses,  and  risk  communication  and  monitoring. The Group maintains a set of risk registers to record the major and significant risks that will hinder the Company from achieving its business objectives. Risk managers are appointed by the Board to monitor the identified high-risk areas of business practices on an ongoing basis and to develop the subsequent risk response action plans. The risk registers are reviewed and approved by the RMC on a biannual basis for continuous risk assessment.

## (iii) Changes in market condition/external environment

Processes are in place to identify new risks (including environmental, social and governance risks) arising from changes in  market conditions or external environment which could expose the Group to heightened risk of loss or reputational damage. The Management is primarily accountable for measuring, monitoring, mitigating and managing the risks and controls in their areas of responsibility.

## (iv) Financial reporting

The  Management  monitors  the  business  activities  closely  and  reviews  monthly  financial  results  of  operations  against budgets and forecasts. Proper controls are in place for the recording of complete, accurate and timely accounting and management  information.  In  addition,  regular  reviews  and  statutory  audits  are  performed  by  our  external  auditor  to ensure that the preparation of the Group's financial statements are carried out in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the Group's accounting policies and applicable laws and regulations.

## (v) Internal audit

The  establishment  of  the  Group's  internal  audit  function  is  to  provide  the  Management  with  an  independent  and impartial  view  on  the  adequacy,  efficiency  and  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  risk  management,  internal  control  and governance  system  and  to  provide  recommendations  for  improvement.  The  Group's  internal  audit  function  is undertaken by the Internal Audit Department ('IAD'). A risk-based approach is adopted in developing the annual internal audit work plan that is reviewed and endorsed by the Audit Committee. The audit progress and audit observations are reported to the Audit Committee on an annual basis.

## (vi) Inside information

There are internal procedures and controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information. The Group discloses inside  information  to  the  public  as  soon  as  reasonably  practicable  unless  the  information  falls  within  any  of  the  safe harbours  as  provided  in  the  SFO.  Before  the  information  is  fully  disclosed  to  the  public,  the  Group  ensures  the information  is  kept  strictly  confidential.  If  the  Group  believes  that  the  necessary  degree  of  confidentiality  cannot  be maintained or that confidentiality may have been breached, the Group will immediately disclose the information to the public.  The  Group  is  committed  to  ensure  that  information  contained  in  announcement  or  circulars  are  not  false  or misleading  as  to  a  material  fact,  or  false  or  misleading  through  the  omission  of  a  material  fact  in  view  of  presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal disclosure of both positive and negative facts.

## (vii)  Whistle-blowing channels

The Group maintains a whistle-blowing policy to encourage employees to report any suspected misconduct contrary to our  ethical  belief  in  confidence  without  the  fear  of  recrimination.  Procedures  are  established  for  employees  to  raise complaints directly to the IAD, which will evaluate the complaint and determine whether an investigation is appropriate. IAD coordinates with relevant departments for investigation where necessary and recommendations on improvements are  communicated  to  the  respective  management  for  implementation.  Audit  procedures,  investigation  results  and subsequent follow-up actions taken are reported to the Audit Committee on an annual basis.

## (viii) Anti-corruption policy

The Board has adopted an anti-corruption policy. The Group is committed to conducting business honestly, ethically and with integrity. In line with such commitment, the anti-corruption policy sets out the responsibilities of all business units and  employees  of  the  Group  to  comply  with  the  applicable  anti-corruption  laws,  rules  and  regulations.  The  Group adopts  a  zero-tolerance  principle  against  corrupt  practices.  All  employees  are  prohibited  from  soliciting,  accepting  or offering advantages from or to clients, suppliers or any person having business dealings of any kind with the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Overall assessment

The Board, through the Audit Committee, has conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of our risk management and internal  controls  systems  covering  all  material  controls,  including  financial,  operational  and  compliance  controls,  and  the adequacy  of  resources,  staff  qualifications  and  experience,  training  programs  and  budget  of  the  Company's  accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions.

In  addition,  the  Board  has  received  confirmation  from  the  Management  that  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal controls systems are in place and functioning effectively.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Board  is  not  aware  of  any  material  internal  control  deficiency  or  significant areas of concern that may affect Shareholders' interests.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Board has overall responsibility for the Group's environmental, social and governance strategy and reporting. The Board is responsible  for  the  Group's  environmental,  social  and  governance  ('ESG')  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  to ensure that ESG strategies and reporting requirements are met. Details information on the ESG practices adopted by the Group is set out in the 'Board Statement' section of the ESG Report of this annual report.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS

The  Company  believes  that  effective  communication  with  Shareholders  is  essential  for  enhancing  Shareholders'  knowledge and  understanding  of  the  Company.  To  achieve  this,  the  Company  pursues  a  proactive  policy  of  promoting  Shareholders communications.  The  main  purpose  of  the  Company's  Shareholders  communication  policy,  therefore,  is  to  enable Shareholders  to  have  access,  on  a  fair  and  timely  basis,  to  information  that  is  reasonably  required  for  making  the  best investment decisions.

Information  relating  to  the  Group  is  mainly  communicated  to  Shareholders  through  publication  of  notices,  announcements and circulars  at  the  websites  of  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  and  despatch  of  interim  reports,  annual  reports  and circulars  to  the  Shareholders.    Shareholders'  general  meetings  are  held  in  compliance  with  the  Listing  Rules  and  other  legal requirements to ensure communication and interaction with Shareholders.

The Board reviews the Shareholders communication policy on an annual basis, and makes any changes it considers necessary to ensure its effectiveness and that the legal interests of Shareholders are substantially protected.

The Board has conducted a review of the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders communication policy of the Company.  Having  considered  the  diverse  channels  of  communication  in  place,  the  Board  is  satisfied  that  an  effective Shareholders communication policy has been properly implemented throughout the year ended 31 December 2022.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

During the year under review, the Company has adopted the amended and restated bye-laws by a special resolution passed on  23  December  2022.  An  up-to-date  version  of  the  Company's  Memorandum  of  Association  and  Amended  and  Restated Bye-laws is available on the Company's website and the Stock Exchange's website.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## Convening a SGM and putting forward proposals at general meetings

Pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company, Shareholder(s) holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth (10%) of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall have the right to submit a written requisition requiring a SGM to be called by the Board.

The written requisition (i) must state the object(s) of the meeting, and (ii) must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at  the  registered office of the Company for attention of the Company Secretary of the Company, and may consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more requisitionists. Such requisitions will be verified with the Company's share registrar  and  upon  its  confirmation  that  the  requisition  is  proper  and  in  order,  the  Company  Secretary  will  ask  the  Board  to convene a SGM by serving sufficient notice to all Shareholders. On the contrary, if the requisition has been verified as not in order, the requisitionists will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, the SGM will not be convened as requested.

If  Directors  do  not  within  21  days  from  the  date  of  the  deposit  of  the  requisition  proceed  duly  to  convene  a  SGM  for  a  day within  2  months  after  the  date  of  deposit  of  such  requisition,  the  requisitionists  or  any  of  them  representing  more  than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them may convene a SGM, but any SGM so convened shall not be held after the expiration  of  3  months  from  the  said  date  of  deposit  of  the  requisition.  A  meeting  convened  by  the  requisitionists  shall  be convened in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which meetings are to be convened by Directors.

Pursuant  to  the  Bermuda  Companies  Act  1981,  either  any  number  of  the  registered  Shareholders  holding  not  less  than one-twentieth (5%) of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company ('Requisitionists'),  or  not  less  than  100  of  such  registered  Shareholders,  can  request  the  Company  in  writing  to  (a)  give  to Shareholders  entitled  to  receive  notice  of  the  next  AGM  notice  of  any  resolution  which  may  properly  be  moved  and  is intended to be moved at that meeting; and (b) circulate to Shareholders entitled to have notice of any general meeting any statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at that meeting. The requisition signed by all the Requisitionists must be deposited at the registered office of the Company with a sum reasonably sufficient to meet the Company's relevant expenses and not less than 6 weeks before the meeting in case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution or not less than 1 week before the meeting in the case of any other  requisition.  Provided  that  if  an  AGM  is  called  for  a  date  6  weeks  or  less  after  the  requisition  has  been  deposited,  the requisition though not deposited within the time required shall be deemed to have been properly deposited for the purposes thereof.

## Enquiries from Shareholders

Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company's branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor  Standard  Limited  at  17/F  Far  East  Finance  Centre,  16  Harcourt  Road,  Hong  Kong  or  tel:  (852)  2980  1333  or  email: cash1049@cash.com.hk.

Other Shareholders' enquiries can be directed to the Group Public Affairs Department of the Company at 28/F Manhattan Place, 23 Wang Tai Road, Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong or tel: (852) 2287 8888 or fax: (852) 2287 8000 or email: inquiry@cash.com.hk.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE AND REMUNERATION

The  Audit  Committee  is  mandated  to  review  and  monitor  the  independence  of  the  auditor  to  ensure  objectivity  and  the effectiveness of the audit process of the financial statements in accordance with applicable standard. Members of the Audit Committee  were  of  the  view  that  the  Company's  auditor,  Messrs.  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu  is  independent  and  has recommended the Board to re-appoint it as the Company's auditor at the forthcoming annual general meeting. During the year,  Messrs.  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu has rendered audit services and certain non-audit services to the Company and the remuneration paid/payable to it by the Company are set out as follows:

| Services rendered  Fees paid/payable  HK$  Audit services  2,160,000  Non-audit services:  Tax advisory  39,000  Preparation for general offer and very substantial acquisition circulars  1,089,000  Preparation for sales report  57,500  3,345,500   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On behalf of the Board Dr Bankee P. Kwan, JP Chairman &amp; CEO

Hong Kong, 24 March 2023

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

This  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report  (the  'ESG  Report')  summarises  the  environmental,  social  and  governance ('ESG') initiatives, plans and performances of the Group and demonstrates its commitment to sustainable development.

## SCOPE OF REPORTING

As CFSG, subsidiary of the Company listed on the Stock Exchange, is listed separately and issue its ESG report separately, this ESG  Report  mainly  focuses  on  major  measures  and  performance  of  the  Group  in  its  retail  management  business  -  Pricerite group in respect of environmental and social aspect during the year. The ESG data and related ESG key performance indicator ('KPI') of this ESG Report focuses on the head office in Kowloon Bay and 27 Pricerite retail stores in Hong Kong.

## REPORTING FRAMEWORK

The  ESG  Report  has  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Reporting  Guide  ('ESG Reporting  Guide')  as  set  out  in  Appendix  27  to  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  Main  Board  of  The  Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange').

During  the  preparation  for  this  ESG  Report,  the  Group  has  applied  the  reporting  principles  stipulated  in  the  ESG  Reporting Guide as the following:

| - Materiality 'Materiality Assessment' for further details.  The  materiality  assessment  was  conducted  to  identify  material  issues  during  the  financial  year  ended  31 December 2022 (the 'Reporting Period'),  thereby  adopting  the  confirmed  material  issues  as  the  focus  for the  preparation  of  the  ESG  Report.  Please  refer  to  the  sections  headed  'Stakeholder  Engagement'  and  - Quantitative Supplementary  notes  are  added  along  with  quantitative  data  disclosed  in  the  ESG  Report  to  explain  any standards,  methodologies,  and  source  of  conversion  factors  used  during  the  calculation  of  emissions  and energy consumption.  - Consistency The  preparation  approach  of  this  ESG  Report  was  substantially  consistent  with  the  previous  year,  and explanations  were  provided  regarding  data  with  changes  in  the  scope  of  disclosure  and  calculation methodologies.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Information  relating  to  the  Group's  corporate  governance  practices  can  be  found  in  the  Corporate  Governance  Report  on pages 23 to 37 of this annual report.

## REPORTING PERIOD

The ESG Report specifies  the  ESG  activities,  challenges,  measures  taken  by,  compliance  and  results  of  the  Group  during  the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD STATEMENT

## Oversight of ESG Issues

The  board  of  directors  (the  'Board')  holds  the  ultimate  responsibility  on  monitoring  the  Group's  ESG  issues,  including  ESG management approach, strategy, and policies. In order to better manage the Group's ESG performance and identify potential risks,  the  Board  conducts  materiality  assessment  where necessary with the assistance of the ESG committee to evaluate and prioritise material ESG-related issues with reference to the opinions of our stakeholders.

## The ESG Committee

The ESG committee, composing of core members from different departments, is established to facilitates the Board's oversight of  ESG  matters.  The  ESG  committee  is  responsible  for  collecting  and  analysing  ESG  data,  monitoring  and  evaluating  the Group's  ESG  performance,  ensuring  compliance  with  ESG-related  laws  and  regulations,  and  preparing  ESG  reports.  The  ESG committee arranges meetings when required to evaluate the effectiveness of current policies and procedures and formulate appropriate  solutions  to  improve  the  overall  performance  of  ESG  policies.  At  meetings,  the  ESG  committee  discussed  the existing  and  upcoming  plans  to  monitor  and  manage  the  Group's  strategic  goals  in  terms  of  sustainable  development, mitigate  potential  risks,  and  minimise  their  negative  impacts  on  our  business  operations.  By  setting  ESG-related  goals  and targets to minimise the environmental impacts from the Group's operation, the Group affirmed its commitment in embedding sustainability into the business operation and fulfil its corporate responsibility. The ESG committee would report to the Board, assist  in  assessing  and  identifying  the  Group  ESG  risks  and  opportunities,  evaluate  the  implementation  and  effectiveness  of internal control mechanism, and review the progress of the set goals and targets.

## TOTAL CARING ORGANISATION

To become a Total Caring Organisation, the Group is dedicated to:

- Meeting the needs of our customers with quality products and innovative services;
- Creating an enjoyable work environment to highly engage our employees so as to maximise their potential;
- Minimising our operational impact on the natural environment; and
- Contributing to the betterment of the community, especially that of the next generation.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

The  Group  values  its  stakeholders  and  their  feedback  regarding  its  businesses  and  ESG  performance.  To  understand  and address their key concerns, the Group has maintained close communication with its key stakeholders, including but not limited to employees, shareholders and investors, customers, suppliers and business partners, government and regulatory authorities, and the community.

In  formulating  operational  and  ESG  strategies,  the  Group  considers  stakeholders'  expectations  through  a  diverse  range  of engagement methods and communication channels, as shown below:

| Stakeholders  Communication Channels  Expectations  Employees  •  Regular performance appraisal  •  Training and workshops  •  Internal announcement  •  Remuneration and benefits  •  Equal opportunities  •  Career development  •  Occupational health and safety  Shareholders and investors  •  Annual general meeting  •  Financial reports  •  Announcements and circulars  •  Financial performance  •  Information transparency  •  Shareholder rights protection  Customers  •  Customer service hotline and email  •  Company website  •  Customer privacy protection  •  High quality customer services  •  Business ethic and integrity  Suppliers and business  partners  •  Supplier conferences and meetings  •  Supply chain management  •  Fair and open procurement  •  Mutual benefit  Government and regulatory  authorities  •  Regular performance supervision and  evaluation  •  Written or electronic correspondences  •  Publications  •  Compliance with laws and regulations  •  Corporate governance  Community  •  Community events  •  ESG reports  •  Community participation  •  Corporate social responsibility  •  Providing job opportunities  •  Environmental protection   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

A  materiality  assessment  in  the  form  of  surveys  was  conducted  during  the  Reporting  Period,  where  the  Group  identified sustainability factors that were material to our business operations. The management and employees who are responsible for the key functions of the Group have participated in preparing the ESG Report, assisted the Group in reviewing its operations, identifying  key  ESG  issues  and  assessing  the  importance  of  these  issues  to  our  businesses  and  stakeholders.  The  Group  has compiled  a  questionnaire  in  reference  to  the  identified  material  ESG  aspects  to  collect  the  information  from  relevant departments and business units of the Group. The Group's material sustainability aspects will be covered in the ESG Report and the materiality matrix is as follow:

<!-- image -->

## Major ESG Issues

| 1. Customer services  2. Product and service quality assurance  3. Development and training  4. Corporate social responsibility  5. Anti-money  laundering  ('AML')  and  counter-terrorist financing ('CTF')  6. Data and privacy protection  7. Employee remuneration and benefit  8. Employee recruitment and promotion  9. Anti-corruption  10. Occupational health and safety  11. Equal opportunities and anti-discrimination  12. Supply chain management  13. Environmental protection  14. Climate change   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CONTACT US

The  Group  welcomes  stakeholders  to  provide  their  opinions  and  suggestions.  You  can  provide  your  valuable  advice  with regard to the ESG Report or the Group's performances in sustainable development by visiting our website at www.cash.com. hk.

## A. ENVIRONMENTAL

## A1. Emissions

Environmental  protection  and  sustainable  development  rely  on  concerted  and  continuous  efforts  from  all industries and society. We strive to promote the vision of 'Green CASH', by being an environmentally responsible company.  The  Group  proactively  seeks  opportunities  to  conserve  energy,  utilise  resources  more  efficiently  and reduce  waste.  Besides  establishing  environmental  policies  and  communicating  measurable  environmental objectives to our employees, we also keep ourselves up-to-date with local environmental standards.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  and  its  subsidiaries  had  received  several  awards  which  recognised  our effort  in  promoting  environmental  protection.  The  Group  and  its  subsidiaries,  CFSG  and  Pricerite,  collectively received the following awards during the Reporting Period:

| Name of Award  Awarding Organisation  Hong Kong Awards  for  Environment  Excellence  (HKAEE)  - Certificate of Merit in 'Shops and Retailers' sector  Environmental Campaign Committee  Hong Kong Awards  for  Environment  Excellence  (HKAEE)  - Wastewi$e Certificate (Excellence Level)  Environmental Campaign Committee  Hong Kong Green Organisation Certificate  Environmental Campaign Committee  Sustainable Business Award 2021  World Green Organisation  Hong Kong Sustainability Award  Hong Kong Management Association  Chill Green Merchant Award  BOC Credit Card (International) Limited   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group strives to continuously improve our performance on environmental management.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations relating  to  air  and  greenhouse  gas  ('GHG')  emissions,  discharges  into  water  and  land,  and  the  generation  of hazardous  and  non-hazardous  waste  that  would  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  Group.  The  said  laws  and regulations include but are not limited to the Air Pollution Control Ordinance and the Waste Disposal Ordinance.

## Air Emissions

Due to the Group's business nature, only an immaterial amount of air emissions was generated from the use of company vehicle. Description of mitigation measures of emissions are described in the following section headed 'GHG Emissions'.

Summary of air emissions performances:

| Types of air emissions  Unit  2022  2021  Nitrogen Oxides (NOx)  kg  12.33  11.73  Sulphur Oxides (SOx)  kg  0.03  0.04  Particulate Matter (PM)  kg  0.91  0.86   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## GHG Emissions

The principal GHG emissions of the Group were generated from purchased electricity consumed in offices (Scope 2).  To  mitigate the biggest attributor of the GHG emissions, the Group has actively adopted energy conservation measures to achieve green office which are described in the section headed 'Energy Management' under aspect A2.

In  the  retail  management  business,  transportation  and  deliveries  of  products  are  provided  by  external transportation service providers. To reduce the carbon emissions from the mobile transportation activities of our business partners, we aim to optimise the number of deliveries, which includes:

- Working closely with logistic partners in developing a better fuel-efficient transportation practice;
- Packing and loading products more efficiently to reduce the number of delivery journeys; and
- Continuously improving our transportation management system to achieve more efficient journey planning.

On  the  other  hand,  video-conferencing  systems  have  been  installed  in  offices  to  reduce  travel  and  as  a  result reduce other indirect GHG emissions.

The  Group's  total  GHG  emissions  intensity  during  the  Reporting  Period  remained  the  same.  To  ensure  the effectiveness  of  the  measures,  the  Group  decided  to  set  a  target  of  reducing  the  total  GHG  emissions  intensity (tCO 2 e/million revenue) by 2025 compared to 2021, being the year setting the target.

Summary of GHG emissions performances:

| Scope of GHG emissions 1  Unit 2  2022  2021  Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1)  tCO  2  e  5.26  6.63  Energy indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2)  tCO  2  e  1,729.11  1,955.18  Total GHG emissions  tCO  2  e  1,734.37  1,961.81  Total GHG emissions intensity 3  tCO  2  e/million revenue  1.43  1.43   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. GHG emissions data is presented in terms of carbon dioxide equivalent and is based on, but not limited to, 'The Greenhouse Gas Protocol:  A  Corporate  Accounting  and  Reporting  Standards'  issued  by  the  World  Resources  Institute  and  the  World  Business Council for Sustainable Development, 'How to prepare an ESG report - Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs' issued  by  the  Stock  Exchange,  the  Global  Warming  Potential  Values  from  the  IPCC  Fifth  Assessment  Report,  2014  (AR5),  the Sustainability Report 2021 issued by Hong Kong Electric, and the Sustainability Report 2021 issued by CLP Holdings Limited.
2. tCO 2 e is defined as tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent.
3. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$1,210,887,000 (2021: HK$1,368,066,000). The data is also used for calculating other intensity data.

## Sewage Discharge

Due  to  the  Group's  business  nature,  the  sewage  discharge  into  land  is  insignificant.  Similarly,  there  was  no significant  and  unreasonable  amount  of  sewage  water  discharged;  used  water  was  discharged  to  the  municipal sewage network to the regional water treatment plant.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Waste Management

Due  to  the  Group's  business  nature,  no  significant  hazardous  waste  is  generated  during  operation.  The  waste generated from the business activities in offices and retail stores of the Group is mostly paper. The Group pursues high standard in waste reduction and educates all staff on the importance of sustainability while providing them with the skills and support to implement it.

A  series  of  programmes  and  activities  have  been  launched  in  the  office  to  encourage  the  participation  of  staff towards waste management, which include:

- Implementing a Green Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Platform, including systems such as  E-workflow  and  CASHARE  (intranet)  to  build  a  highly  efficient  'paperless,  IT-driven  and  systematic' working environment;
- Setting pull printing features on copy machines which is an efficient way to reduce paper waste in the office by preventing uncollected printouts from piling up in the printer tray;
- Achieving waste reduction goals set under the Wastewi$e Certificate recognition scheme;
- Posting a 'Green message' reminder at all office equipment;
- Applying used envelopes for internal document circulation; and
- Recommending duplex or 2-on-1 page copying on recycled paper.

The Group hopes that our stakeholders will join us and pursue a sustainable operation. We encourage reduction of paper consumption by offering shareholders choices to consent to receiving corporate communications materials by  electronic  means.  We  also  encourage  customers  to  use  e-statements  on  our  online  portal  in  order  to  save paper.

The Group's paper disposal intensity during the Reporting Period decreased by approximately 23.45%. To ensure the effectiveness of the measures, the Group decided to set a target of reducing the total non-hazardous wastes intensity (kg / million revenue) by 2025 compared to 2021, being the year setting the target.

Summary of major non-hazardous waste discharge performance:

| Types of waste  Unit  2022  2021  Office paper  kg  11,230.03  16,571.07  Total non-hazardous wastes  kg  11,230.03  16,571.07  Total non-hazardous wastes intensity  kg/million revenue  9.27  12.11   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  our  offices,  waste  separation  facilities  have  been  implemented.  We  provide  recycle  bins  for  collecting  scrap paper,  plastic  bottles,  aluminum  cans,  and  recyclable  toner  cartridges,  which  are  then  delivered  to  the  recycling agents  for  further  processing.  In  Pricerite  retail  stores,  recycling  bins  are  implemented  to  facilitate  recycling  for customers, and we have engaged qualified service providers for the collection and recycling on a regular basis.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The amount of recycling at our collection points in the Reporting Period is summarised as follows:

| Types of waste  Unit  2022  2021  Paper  kg  5,430  3,608  Aluminum cans  Pieces  227  815  Plastic bottles  Pieces  479  742  Toner cartridges  Pieces  48  78  Battery  kg  100  273  Lighting tube  Pieces  150  303  Light bulb  Pieces  1,347  1,693   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## A2. Use of Resources

The Group recognises its responsibility to take the initiative in efficiently utilising finite resources and carries out its corporate  social  responsibility  to  introduce  additional  eco-friendly  approaches  to  enhance  the  Group's sustainability  performance.  Therefore,  the  Group  has  established  the  Green  Office  Policy  to  achieve  energy conservation.

## Energy Management

In daily operation, the Group's major energy consumption are electricity consumed in office. In order to reduce our energy consumption, the Group has launched a wide variety of green measures for awareness building towards energy conservation:

## 1) Lighting

- T5 energy-efficient lighting tubes have been installed at offices;
- Staff is encouraged to switch off lighting while they are duty-off;
- Partial lighting should be switched off provided that sufficient sunlight is available indoors; and
- 'Light-off' during lunch hour is highly recommended.

## 2) Office equipment

- Computers and other electronic equipment should be powered off while they are not in use for energy conservation; and
- Security guards patrol the offices at night to ensure all non-use equipment is switched off.

Apart from the measures adopted at office, the Group participated in the 'Earth Hour' campaign by turning off  the  offices'  lighting  for  one  hour  with  an  aim  to  encourage  the  participation  of  staff  and  arise  their concern.

The Group's energy consumption intensity during the Reporting Period slightly decreased by approximately 1.19%. To ensure the effectiveness of the measures, the Group decided to set a target of reducing the total energy consumption intensity (kWh / million revenue) by 2025 compared to 2021, being the year setting the target.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Summary of energy consumption performance:

| Types of energy  Unit  2022  2021  Direct energy consumption  - Petrol  kWh  19,167.96  24,140.59  Indirect energy consumption  - Electricity  kWh  3,996,178.00  4,566,856.00  Total energy consumption  kWh  4,015,345.96  4,590,996.59  Total energy consumption intensity  kWh/million revenue  3,316.04  3,355.83   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Water Management

The  Group  does  not  consume  significant  amounts  of  water  through  our  business  activities.  Water  usage  in  the office  in  Kowloon  Bay  and  Pricerite  retail  stores  is  included  in  the  management  fee  as  water  supply  facilities  are provided and managed by property managers on our rental premises, no meter reading is therefore available.

Although the water consumption is considered minimal, we also encourage saving by driving behavioural changes in the workplace. Green messages are posted in pantries and washrooms as reminders for using water efficiently. During the Reporting Period, the Group targets to promote water conservation in our offices and retail stores in the coming year.

## Use of Packaging Material

In the retail management business, Pricerite, packaging material is used for delivery of goods. The major packaging material used in the business is plastic bag, which is offered to customers upon request.

We strictly implement the Plastic Shopping Bag Charging enforced by the Government. Customers are required to pay a levy in requesting a plastic bag, hence restricting the consumption of plastic bags. Furthermore, promotion material  of  BYOB  -  Bring  Your  Own  Bag  is  displayed  in  our  retail  stores  to  raise  customer  awareness  in  order  to reduce plastic bag usage. As a result, the number of plastic bags being used during the Reporting Period reduced significantly.

Summary of packaging material consumption performance:

| Types of packaging material  Unit  2022  2021  Plastic bags  pieces  219,500  278,500   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## A3. The Environment and Natural Resources

The  Group  is  committed  to  minimising  negative  environmental  impacts  occasioned  by  the  Group's  business operations.  Despite  that  the  business  activities  of  the  Group  do  not  significantly  impact  the  environment  and natural  resources,  we  continue  to  be  vigilant  to  the  potential  environmental  impacts  arising  from  its  business operations.

## Working Environment

The Group is committed to providing employees with a comfortable and green working environment to increase work efficiency.  We  strive  to  maintain  a  hygienic  and  neat  environment  in  the  workplace.  The  Group  signed  the Hong  Kong  General  Chamber  of  Commerce's  Clean  Air  Charter  to  reduce  emissions  and  create  cleaner  air.  We acted on the Chamber's 7-7-7 Care-for-Air Guidelines for the public and called on our staff to take practical steps to contribute to improving air quality at home, at work, and while travelling. Besides, the Group engaged in many different  governmental  environmental  protection  campaigns,  including  Green  Office  Education,  Green  Day,  Biz Green Dress Day, Reuse and Recycle Program and Action Blue Sky.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Light Pollution

Due to the high building density in Hong Kong, external lighting at night may disturb nearby residents. To reduce the impact of light pollution, Pricerite strictly follows the 'Charter on External Lighting' which has been in effect since  April  2016.  Certain  Pricerite's  stores  are  committed  to  switching  off  decorative,  promotional  or  advertising lighting, which affects the outdoor environment during the preset time (i.e. midnight to 7 am). This measure also helps reduce energy wastage.

## A4. Climate Change

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  the  identification  and  mitigation  of  significant  climate-related  issues, therefore closely monitors the potential impact of climate change on our business and operations. In accordance with the reporting framework developed by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, there are two major categories of climate-related risks, physical and transition risks.

## Physical Risks

The  increased  frequency  and  severity  of  extreme  weather  events  such  as  typhoons,  storms,  heavy  rains,  and extreme  cold  or  heat  pose  acute  and  chronic  physical  risks  to  the  Group's  business.  The  Group's  assets  may  be damaged and store operations disrupted, resulting in reduced revenue from lower sales and higher maintenance costs.  Climate  change  may  also  adversely  impact  our  employees  in  terms  of  health  and  commuting  and  cause displacements in communities where we operate.

To  minimise  the  potential  risks  and  hazards  of  extreme  weather  events,  such  as  typhoon  and  black  rainstorm, which  might  cause  interruptions  on  our  business,  the  Group  has  established  mitigation  plans  including  flexible working  arrangements,  and  precautionary  measures  such  as  regular  inspection  of  office  premises.  Moreover,  we maintain comprehensive insurance coverage for assets that are prone to damage by extreme weather conditions, minimising the potential maintenance and repair costs required.

## Transition Risks

To achieve the global vision on carbon neutrality, the Group expects evolution of the regulatory, technological and market  landscape  due  to  climate  change,  including  the  tightening  of  national  policies  and  listing  rules  and  the emergence of environmentally related taxes. Stricter environmental laws and regulations may expose enterprises to higher risks of claims and lawsuits, which might incur additional compliance costs and affect the reputation of the Group.

In response to the policy and legal risks as well as the reputation risks, the Group constantly monitors any changes in  laws  or  regulations  and  global  trends  on  climate  change  to  avoid  cost  increments,  non-compliance  fines  or reputational risks due to delayed response. In addition, the Group has been taking comprehensive environmental protection measures, including GHG reduction measures, has set targets to gradually reduce the Group's energy consumption and GHG emissions in the future.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B. SOCIAL

## B1. Employment

Respect  for  the  rights  of  everyone  who  works  for  us  is  fundamental  to  the  sustainability  of  the  Group  and  the communities  in  which  we  operate.  Our  commitment  to  operate  with  respect  for  individuals  is  reflected  in  all aspects  of  the  Group's  business  operations  and  is  integrated  in  our  policies  and  relevant  procedures.  We  are committed to providing a happy and family-friendly workplace.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with employment-related laws  and  regulations  that  would  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  Group,  including  but  not  limited  to  the Employment  Ordinance,  the  Minimum  Wage  Ordinance,  the  Employees'  Compensation  Ordinance,  the  Sex Discrimination Ordinance, and the Disability Discrimination Ordinance of Hong Kong.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  a  total  of  624  employees  (2021:  total  752  employees).  The  fluctuating headcount is mainly due to the repositioning and optimisation of frontline business. Total workforce by gender, age group, geographical region and employment type is as follows:

| 2022  2021  Total number of employees  624  752  Gender  Male  262  321  Female  362  431  Age Group  Below 30 years old  80  138  30 - 50 years old  386  449  Over 50 years old  158  165  Geographical region  Hong Kong  624  752  Employment Type  Full-time  536  614  Part-time  88  120  Temporary contract  0  18   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Recruitment, Promotion and Dismissal

The  Group  has  set  out  the  Staff  Recruitment  Policy  for  our  Human  Resources  Department  to  ensure  that appropriate  and  standardised  recruitment  process  is  maintained.  The  policy  will  be  reviewed  regularly,  and modified  as  required,  to  reflect  changes  in  the  Group's  development,  best  practice  in  recruitment  process  and compliance with the relevant legislation.

The Group devised an effective performance management system where regular performance appraisal is carried out  to  provide  a  two-way  communication  platform  for  improved  employee  relationships  with  the  support  of timely  coaching  and  counseling  and  to  give  feedback  on  employees'  performance  and  help  identify  individual training  needs  so  as  to  enhance  performance  and  to  develop  the  potential  of  the  employee  for  further advancement. Procedures are set out in the Employee Handbook. Through the performance appraisal, the Group review and adjusts salary based on our transparent incentive structure.

The termination of employment contract is set out in the Employee Handbook and governed by internal policies to  ensure all dismissal comply with relevant laws and regulations in Hong Kong. The Group strictly prohibits any kinds of unfair or illegitimate dismissals.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  recorded  a  turnover  rate  of  approximately  29.07%  (2021:  30.87%).  The table below shows the employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region:

| 2022  2021  Turnover rate 4  (%)  Turnover rate 4  (%)  Gender  Male  12.35  15.04  Female  16.72  15.83  Age Group  Below 30 years old  7.56  7.72  30 - 50 years old  6.57  18.71  Over 50 years old  4.94  4.45  Geographical region  Hong Kong  29.07  30.87   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

4. Calculation  methodology  of  turnover  rate:  employees  in  the  specified  category  leaving  employment  divided  by  the  average  of total number of employees of the Group at the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period.

## Remuneration and Benefits

As a multi-faceted service conglomerate, the Group fully understands that our success lies in the quality of service we  provide  to  our  customers  and  therefore  our  ability  to  attract,  retain  and  motivate  quality  employees.  The Employee  Handbook  is  formulated  to  stipulate  general  practices  and  policies  related  to  employment, compensation and benefits. To stay competitive, our base salaries are within industry norms, contributing to our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and motivated staff.

To attract talented people, the Group provides fair and competitive remuneration and benefits to our employees. We benchmark our remuneration system with the market to ensure our ability  to  motivate  our  talent  pool.  The Group adopts a comprehensive and people-oriented leave system, where comprehensive benefits are provided to all staff, including annual leave, birthday leave, marriage leave, maternity leave, compassionate leave, and paternity leave.  We  have  pioneered  the  introduction  of  the  following  benefits  for  employees,  including  marriage  gift coupon,  red  packet  for  new-born  babies,  purchase  discount  and  financial  trade  discount  for  our  employees.  In addition, to express our appreciation to staff who have contributed to the Group for many years, we regularly show our gratitude with long service awards.

Pricerite  has  set  up  the  'Best  Staff'  and  'Best  Manager'  award  schemes,  held  yearly,  to  recognise  top-performing employees  and  teams  and  to  raise  morale.  Competition  is  also  held  on  a  monthly  basis  to  present  awards  to recognise outstanding frontline employees and boost their confidence from time to time. The Group believes that our employees' dedication deserves recognition.

## Diversity and Equal Opportunities

The  Group  is  committed  to  developing,  maintaining  and  supporting  a  culture  of  equality  and  diversity  in employment,  on  the  basis  of  age,  race,  colour,  nationality,  religious  belief,  disability,  sexual  orientation,  political opinion and any other status protected by applicable legislations and ordinances. We believe that the diversity can enrich all employees by providing a more rewarding and less stressful environment. No one shall be discriminated at  recruitment,  selection,  employment,  compensation,  transfers,  promotion,  training  or  development.  Qualified individuals are employed to carry out our fiduciary duties based on their education, experience, and ability without discrimination.

## Work-life Balance

The Group strives to help employees maintain a good work-life balance, which we believe helps them to sustain their performance at work and our business. To assist employees to balance their lives, we arrange activities under three  different  themes:  wellness,  happiness  and  vivacity.  The  Group  introduces  family-friendly  employment practices,  including  offering  family  leave  benefits  and  employee  support  schemes.  To  promote  well-being  and enhance their relationships, the Group also organised after-work activities for employees.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B2. Health and Safety

Ensuring  the  health  and  safety  of  our  employees  is  an  integral  part  of  our  business  activities.  Therefore,  we  are dedicated to maintaining a safe, hygienic, and productive workplace by minimising the potential risk of accidents, injuries  and  exposure  in  relation  to  health  risks.  We  ensure  all  employees  are  competent  at  work  and  are  given adequate training to comply with all local legislations and ordinances with regard to health and safety.

The Group attaches prime importance to ensure a safe working environment, with measures in place to deal with natural  disasters,  fire,  disease  and  accidents.  We  encourage  our  employees  to  treat  health  and  safety  as  parts  of their  individual  responsibility.  The  Group's  health  and  safety  procedures  are  revised  from  time  to  time  to  ensure that they are risk-focused and that responsibilities are clearly defined.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  was  not  aware  of  any  material  non-compliance  with  health  and safety-related laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group including but not limited to the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance and the Employees' Compensation Ordinance of Hong Kong. The Group has achieved zero work-related fatalities in the past three years, including the Reporting Period. During the Reporting  Period,  there  were  36  lost  days  due  to  5  work-related  injuries,  mainly  occurred  on  our  frontline  staff during products and inventories transportation. Immediate investigation was carried out and the effectiveness of occupational health and safety measures was evaluated with the aim of improving the safety of workers. To avoid similar  accidents  in  the  future,  the  Group  provided  frontline  staff  with  training  regarding  personal  safety  during operation, equipment handling, and report procedures for accidents.

## Occupational Health and Safety

Occupational health and safety record is maintained to ensure that a healthy and safe workplace is provided for our employees at all times. Preventive measures were undertaken with the use of appropriate office equipment as well  as  performing  periodic  office  risk  assessment  to  enhance  workplace  safety.  We  also  regularly  arrange vaccination  programme to protect our staff  from  various  diseases,  and  dental  packages  to  subsidise  scaling  and check-ups. In addition, we purchase comprehensive medical insurance plans for our employees and their families.

Under the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group places close attention to our employees health condition and strives to protect them from the diseases. Emergency Contingency Plan has been implemented and the Group has adopted various  working  arrangement  as  precautionary  measures.  The  Human  Resources  and  Administration  Department has  circulated  internal  memo  to  our  employees  regarding  the  flexible  working  arrangement,  office  hygiene measures,  and  personal  health  monitoring  measures.  We  also  provide  COVID-19  antigen  rapid  test  swab  for  our employees to self-test effectively.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B3. Development and Training

We are committed to ensuring that the talents, skills and abilities of our employees are recognised and are utilised to  their  full  capacity.  The  Group  has  implemented  various  training  policies  and  organised  a  number  of  training programmes aiming specifically at improving the skills and developing the talents of our employees and generally increasing the competitiveness, productivity and efficiency of the Group.

Our  training  programmes  are  developed  based  on  business  needs  and  capabilities  of  employees.  We  provide tailor-made management training workshops for management-level employees and high-calibre talent to enhance their professional knowledge and competency, the mindset to take on leadership roles, the ability to face adversity and team spirit. During the reporting period, we organized tailor-made internal training and learning activities to let  employees  understand  the  latest  business  trends,  industry  needs,  and  the  Group's  business  direction  and strategy  for  this  year.  In  order  to  improve  frontline  performance,  we  regularly  provide  training  programmes  to strengthen  employee's  communication  and  cooperation,  cultivate  the  spirit  of  competition  and  stimulate  team spirit. Furthermore, we leveraged our digital platforms to promote online courses and e-learning to accommodate the post-pandemic 'new normal'.

The  Group  conducts  an  initial  staff  orientation  for  new  employees  in  order  to  familiarise  them  with  the  Group's history and strategy, corporate culture, quality management measures and rules and regulations. This orientation aims to prepare the new employees for the positions by establishing a sense of belongingness and cooperation; by supplying necessary information that resolves an employee's concerns; and by removing any potential barriers for job effectiveness and continuous learning.

During the Reporting Period, the Group has achieved a total training hour of 3,114 hours. The table below shows the employee training data by gender and employee category:

| Percentage of  employees  trained 5  Average  training hours  per employee  (%)  (hours) 6  Gender  Male  57.63  9.31  Female  55.52  8.50  Employee Category  Senior Management  78.95  21.40  Middle Management  53.57  13.60  General  55.81  8.04   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

5. Calculation methodology of percentage of employees trained: number of employees in the specified category who took part in training divided by number of employees in the specified category.

6. Calculation methodology of average training hours: total training hours of employees in the specified category divided by number of employees in the specified category who took part in training.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B4. Labour Standards

## Prevention of Child and Forced Labour

The Group prohibits the recruitment of child and forced labour as prescribed by laws and regulations. The Group strictly complies with local laws and shall not provide job opportunities to those who are under the legal working age of respective jurisdictions.

To  avoid  illegal  employment  of  child  labour  and  underage  workers,  the  Human  Resources  and  Administration Department  of  the  Group  is  responsible  for  verifying  personal  data  such  as  the  identification  card  during  the recruitment process. If violation is involved, it will be dealt with according to circumstances. No employee shall be compelled  to  work  against  his  or  her  will  through  force  or  intimidation  of  any  form  or  subjected  to  corporal punishment  or  coercion  of  any  type  related  to  work.  Overtime  compensation  procedures  are  set  out  in  the Employee Handbook where overtime compensation leave will be provided to eligible employees when they are required to work overtime.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  was  not  aware  of  any  material  non-compliance  with  child  and  forced labour-related laws and regulations, that would have a significant impact on the Group including but not limited to the Employment of Children Regulations and the Employment Ordinance of Hong Kong.

## B5. Supply Chain Management

The  Group  is  committed  to  creating  a  sustainable  relationship  with  our  suppliers  and  consultants  through operating in an open and fair manner. Our major suppliers are mainly engaged by Pricerite Home Limited, Pricerite Food  Limited,  and  Pricerite  Pet  Necessities.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  has  engaged  422  suppliers (2021: 443 suppliers), which breakdown by geographical regions as below:

| 2022  2021  Geographical Regions  Hong Kong  379  394  China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)  34  36  South Korea  2  5  Japan  2  2  Taiwan  1  2  India  1  1  Thailand  1  1  United Kingdom  1  1  Vietnam  1  1  ## Total number of suppliers  422  443   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

To ensure that the suppliers meet our requirements in regard to quality, environmental and social standards, we carry  out  assessment  for  review,  approval  and  disapproval  of  suppliers  and  subcontractors.  Prior  to  making  any procurement  decisions,  we  will  conduct  assessments  on  suppliers  and  consultants  to  avoid  environmental  and social risks. We maintain a list of approved suppliers and consultants; they may be suspended or removed from the approved list if they fail to fulfil the agreed standards.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Green Procurement

To support sustainability, our Green Supply Chain initiative applies strict environmental, social and ethical criteria to  the  suppliers  of  our  business.  We  place  high  demands  on  suppliers  and  the  Group  shall  select  suppliers  with similar standards set by the Group as our prefer suppliers. We have incorporated sustainability considerations into our sourcing and outsourcing practices, requiring suppliers to meet the basic standards. For example, all suppliers are expected to adhere to these basic principles:

- Operating  as  an  equal  opportunity  employer  and  recognising  the  right  to  collective  bargaining  as  well  as minimum and prevailing wages and benefits;
- Maintaining probity and accountability standards;
- Minimising discrimination against small and medium-sized enterprises or local vendors;
- Providing a healthy and safe working environment, not using any forced or child labour, and refraining from harassment or abuse of employees; and
- Supporting  sustainable  development,  acting  responsibly  with  regard  to  the  environment,  observing environmental  criteria  to  conserve  resources,  minimising  the  negative  environmental  effects  of  the production, application and disposal of products, and reducing the use of hazardous products as much as possible.

## B6. Product Responsibility

As  a  total  caring  organisation,  it  is  our  mission  to  provide  our  customers  with  a  meaningful  experience  when utilising  our  services,  therefore  the  Group  understands  the  importance  of  expertise  for  ensuring  service  quality. Satisfying our clients is our central focus. This principle guides all our activities and applies to all business divisions. The  key  elements  are  transparency  and  high-quality  advice,  which  enable  us  to  improve  client  satisfaction  and achieve customer loyalty in the long term.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group, including but not limited to the Trade Descriptions Ordinance and the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance of Hong Kong, concerning health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services and methods of redress.

## Quality Assurance

In the sales of furniture and household items, the Group strives to achieve the highest standard in terms of quality, safety, and consistency. We have implemented the Product Approval &amp; Pre-Shipment Inspection Policy to regulate the quality assurance procedure regarding our products, covering the New Product Quality Assurance Approval for our electrical appliances, household products, and pet products. Pricerite has received Q-Mark Service Certification from Hong Kong Q-Mark Council since 2006, and TMF has received the certification since 2018. The certification recognises our competency on providing high standards of service to customers.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

To  safeguard  our  baseline,  we  involve  an  independent  Quality  Assurance  Team  in  assuring  product  quality  and safety. The team assures the satisfaction of customer expectations by the following means:

- Product development - review of new designs, examination of product specifications, analysis of customer expectation conformance;
- Supplier  assessment  -  inspection  of  suppliers'  capability  in  satisfying  quality  requirements,  solving  supply problem by establishing communication channels with suppliers;
- Pre-shipment inspection - inspection of functionality and safety of finished goods to ensure conformance to required specifications; and
- Complaint handling - review of product defects and mismatches against customer expectation, provision of improvement plans on product quality.

As part of the standard operating procedure, the Group also has in place the Product Recall Procedure to mitigate the distribution and sale of the affected product, so as to protect customer health and safety. With the procedure, we ensure that the removal of affected product from the marketplace as well as the stores is carried out efficiently. After the recall procedure, Improvement Note will be completed by the quality assurance department to analyse the root cause and determine the nature of the problem while corrective action plan is implemented to prevent another recall. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not recall any products for safety and health reasons.

During the Reporting Period, the Group received approximately 380 complaints regarding product issues, such as product defect and missing parts, and approximately 480 complaints regarding delivery and installation services. To  conduct  immediate  investigation,  we  collected  information,  including  sales  transaction,  detailed  complaints content with photo and video, and acknowledge the customer's case within 3 working days to provide solution that meet customer's need. All follow up action were ensured to be strictly complied with our standard operating procedures and tickets in CRM System were created for record.

The  Group  considers  the  customers'  feedback  as  an  opportunity  to  improve  our  product  quality  and  business operation. After the follow-up actions were taken, the root causes of complaints are analysed and review meetings with stakeholders are conducted. We implement remedy plans such as continuous quality improvement plan (CQI) and scorecard marking scheme. To ensure the effectiveness of our procedures, the Group sets relevant KPIs and reviews standard operating procedure periodically through monthly performance tracking reports, so that prompt adjustment can be made and action plan can be fine-tunes where necessary.

## Customer Services

The Group maintains an open and welcoming attitude to feedback and complaints from the Group's customers and guests, as the Group views it as an opportunity to improve its service. Procedures for handling complaints are detailed  in  the  Complaint  and  Suggestion  Handling  Policy  for  the  reference  of  relevant  employees.  Should  the Group receive any complaints, the Group will strive to act immediately to resolve the issue with effective corrective actions.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the Reporting Period, the Group received approximately 90 complaints regarding customer services. With immediate  response  to  the  customers,  investigation  and  interview  were  conducted  by  store  operation management  with  the  staff  concerned.  To  ensure  similar  issues  will  be  avoided,  relevant  staff  is  provided  with intensive  training  course,  while  case  study  and  field  sharing  are  conducted  by  staff  training  department  with frontline staff. The improvement plan regarding the complaints is closely monitored and reviewed by staff training department and operation management team.

## Handling of Personal Data

The  Group  strictly  adheres  to  regulatory  requirements  on  data  privacy,  through  fulfilling  high  security  and confidentiality of personal data privacy protection. We are committed to maintaining and protecting personal data.

Internal policy has been established to govern the collection and handling of personal data received from a data subject.  Under  our  data  protection  principles,  a  Privacy  Policy  Statement  ('PPS')  is  acknowledged  to  enable  the public to ascertain the data user's general policies and practices in relation to the collection, holding and use of individual personal data.

Furthermore,  in  accordance  with  our  data  protection  principles,  a  Personal  Information  Collection  Statement ('PICS')  is  acknowledged  whenever  there  is  collection  of  personally  identifiable  information  from  individuals  to notify  data  subjects  of  certain  matters  in  relation  to  specific  collections  of  personal  information  from  them.  The Group will not use or provide personal data to any person for use in direct marketing unless we have obtained the data subject's consent in writing. Meanwhile, the Group maintains sound safety system and measures to prevent unauthorised use of personal data.

## Protection of Intellectual Property Rights

Policies and measures regarding the protection of intellectual property rights are in place. For any infringement of the Group's intellectual property rights, the Group will urge infringers to cease such action. The Group shall take further action should infringement continue.

## B7. Anti-corruption

The Group strives to promote and maintain the highest standards of honesty, integrity and fairness. All of our staff must ensure that  the  Group's  reputation  is  not  tarnished  by  dishonesty,  disloyalty  or  corruption.  Policies  on  the aforementioned matters are clearly stated within the Employee Handbook.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations  of  bribery,  extortion,  fraud  and  money  laundering,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  Prevention  of Bribery Ordinance of Hong Kong that would have a significant impact on the Group. During the Reporting Period, there were no concluded legal cases regarding any forms of fraud brought against the Group or its employees.

## Whistle-blowing channels

The  Group  maintains  a  Whistle-blowing  policy  to  encourage  employees  to  report  any  suspected  misconduct contrary  to  our  ethical  belief  in  confidence  without  the  fear  of  recrimination.  Procedures  are  established  for employees  to  raise  complaints  directly  to  the  Compliance  Department,  which  will  evaluate  the  complaint  and determine  whether  an  investigation  is  appropriate.  Compliance  Department  coordinates  with  relevant departments for investigation where necessary and recommendations on improvements are communicated to the respective  management  for  implementation.  Audit  procedures,  investigation  results  and  subsequent  follow-up actions taken are reported to the Audit Committee on an annual basis.

## Anti-corruption Training

Training related to anti-corruption are rendered to our management and employees to boost their awareness on the prevention of any kind of unethical behaviour such as bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. During the Reporting Period, 7 directors of the Group attended training on ethics legacy, while 473 employees attended training  on  Prevention  of  Bribery  Ordinance  for  a  total  of  18  training  sessions  with  480  hours.  Training  for employees was carried out virtually for the sake of our employees' health and safety.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B8. Community Investment

Adhering to our core value of 'Total Caring', the Group has been caring for different sectors and groups in society for many years. We and our employees are dedicated to working hand-in-hand with local communities in a variety of initiatives ranging from job creation to youth education and disaster relief.

In  recognition of the Group's 'People-Oriented' and 'Total Caring' commitments, Pricerite Group and CFSG were honoured with the World Green Organisation's Sustainable Business Award.

## 'Total Caring' Amid Pandemic

During the pandemic, the Group continued to join hands with Hong Kong people in hard times, encouraging the community to fight the virus together.

- As long queues developed at many testing centers for compulsory testing across Tuen Mun in January 2022, Pricerite Home offered folding chairs to citizens in need for free.
- To support florists suffering heavy loss as a result of cancellation of the Lunar New Year Fair, Pricerite Home invited  them  to  sell  festive  flowers  in  our  stores  instead,  helping  to  reduce  their  burden  and  tide  over difficulties.
- Further combating the pandemic, Pricerite Home offered free SECO CareÜ face masks in our stores in January 2022.
- Committed to contributing  to  improving  public  health,  Pricerite  Home  together  with  Momax  and  Savewo promptly arranged installation of new air purifiers and heaters for patients waiting outside emergency rooms of  public  hospitals  in  Hong  Kong  in  February  2022,  protecting  the  health  of  medical  staff  and  patients. Pricerite Home again joined hands with Savewo in March 2022, donating new smart air purifiers to protect medical staff and patients at Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital.
- Helping  grassroots  families,  the  Group  donated  masks,  rapid  test  kits  and  other  anti-epidemic  supplies through Christian Action in March 2022.

## Community Engagement

The  Group  believes  that  contributing  to  society  is  the  due  responsibility  of  every  local  organisation  -  and  we contribute  to  a  variety  of  causes  in  Hong  Kong  every  year.  Apart  from  taking  care  of  the  needy  during  the pandemic, the Group also contributed to the community, engaging in various big and small activities.

- Caring for the underprivileged and grassroots families, the Group and its subsidiary Pricerite Group donated Lunar  New  Year  lucky  food  bags  through  Christian  Action.  Extending  the  festive  warmth,  all  remaining supplies were donated to Christian Action's Emergency Food Programme to help others in need.
- Embracing  diversity  and  respecting  individual  needs,  Pricerite  Home  and  CFSG  supported  the campaign#SayYesToBreastfeeding, establishing private breastfeeding-friendly zones in our stores and offices. Our effort was recognised by UNICEF and the Department of Health with a Blue Label certificate presented to Pricerite Home.
- Promoting  sustainable  development  and  supporting  local  arts,  Innoverse,  a  technology  innovator  under Pricerite Group, joined hands with Articoin to launch the 'Green NFT and Local Art' campaign in June 2022. As a demonstration of support for the work of local artists, customers who redeemed NFT were awarded an ESG  (Environmental,  Social  and  Governance)  e-certificates  for  their  support  for  ESGs  and  SDGs  (United Nations Sustainable Development Goals).
- Supporting initiatives to rescue homeless stray animals in June 2022, for each new customer who successfully opened an Alpha i trading account, CFSG made donations to 'Merit Veterinary Medical Centre - House of Joy and Mercy' ( 阿棍屋善行動物診所 ), a charity offering free medical services for homeless animals.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

- In additional support for furry friends, CFSG and Pricerite Pet sponsored provision of furniture for the 'Merit Veterinary Medical Centre - House of Joy and Mercy' in July 2022, facilitating appropriate medical treatment for homeless strays, ensuring that every life is respected and cared for.
- Sparing no effort to respond to various needs of the community, Pricerite Home joined hands with Caring For Children Foundation In August 2022, to launch the 'NFT Charity Sale' - where a number of famous local artists were invited to aid grassroots children and families through creative technology and art.
- As  part  of  our  efforts  to  help  grassroots  families,  our  staff  volunteered  at  the  'Food  Angel'  Kitchen  in September 2022, preparing surplus food as nutritious meals redistributed to underprivileged communities.

On behalf of the Board Dr Bankee P. Kwan, JP Chairman &amp; CEO

Hong Kong, 24 March 2023

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## THE ESG REPORTING GUIDE CONTENT INDEX OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED

Subject Areas,

Aspects, General

Disclosures and

| KPIs  Description  Section/Declaration  A. Environmental  Aspect A1: Emissions  General  Disclosure  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant impact on the issuer  relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and  land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.  Emissions  KPI A1.1  The types of emissions and respective emissions data.  Emissions  KPI A1.2  Direct  (Scope  1)  and  energy  indirect  (Scope  2)  greenhouse  gas  emissions (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of  production volume, per facility).  Emissions  KPI A1.3  Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and intensity.  Emissions  (Not applicable - Explained)  KPI A1.4  Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and intensity.  Emissions  KPI A1.5  Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.  Emissions  KPI A1.6  Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled,  and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve  them.  Emissions  Aspect A2: Use of Resources  General  Disclosure  Policies  on  the  efficient  use  of  resources,  including  energy,  water  and  other raw materials.  Use of Resources  KPI A2.1  Direct  and/or  indirect  energy  consumption  by  type  in  total  and  intensity.  Use of Resources  KPI A2.2  Water consumption in total and intensity.  Use of Resources  KPI A2.3  Description  of  energy  use  efficiency  target(s)  set  and  steps  taken  to  achieve them.  Use of Resources  KPI A2.4  Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for  purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.  Use of Resources  KPI A2.5  Total  packaging  material  used  for  finished  products  (in  tonnes)  and  with reference to per unit produced.  Use of Resources  Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources  General  Disclosure  Policies  on  minimising  the  issuer's  significant  impact  on  the  environment and natural resources.  The Environment and Natural  Resources  KPI A3.1  Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment  and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them.  The Environment and Natural  Resources  Aspect A4: Climate Change  General  Disclosure  Policies  on  identification  and  mitigation  of  significant  climate-related  issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer.  Climate Change  KPI A4.1  Description  of  the  significant  climate-related  issues  which  have  impacted,  and  those  which  may  impact,  the  issuer,  and  the  actions  taken to manage them.  Climate Change   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Subject Areas,

Aspects, General

Disclosures and

KPIs

Description

| KPIs  Description  ## Section/Declaration  ## B. Social  ## Aspect B1: Employment  General  Disclosure  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant impact on the issuer  relating  to  compensation  and  dismissal,  recruitment  and  promotion,  working  hours,  rest  periods,  equal  opportunity,  diversity,  anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.  Employment  KPI B1.1  Total  workforce  by  gender,  employment  type  (for  example,  full-  or  part-time), age group and geographical region.  Employment  KPI B1.2  Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region.  Employment  Aspect B2: Health and Safety  General  Disclosure  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant impact on the issuer  relating  to  providing  a  safe  working  environment  and  protecting  employees from occupational hazards.  Health and Safety  KPI B2.1  Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past  three years including the reporting year.  Health and Safety  KPI B2.2  Lost days due to work injury.  Health and Safety  KPI B2.3  Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how  they are implemented and monitored.  Health and Safety  Aspect B3: Development and Training  General  Disclosure  Policies on improving employees' knowledge and skills for discharging  duties at work. Description of training activities.  Development and Training  KPI B3.1  The  percentage  of  employees  trained  by  gender  and  employee  category (e.g. senior management, middle management).  Development and Training  KPI B3.2  The  average  training  hours  completed  per  employee  by  gender  and  employee category.  Development and Training  ## Aspect B4: Labour Standards  General  Disclosure  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant impact on the issuer  relating to preventing child and forced labour.  Labour Standards  KPI B4.1  Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child  and forced labour.  Labour Standards  KPI B4.2  Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered.  Labour Standards   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Description

| Section/Declaration  Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management  General  Disclosure  Policies  on  managing  environmental  and  social  risks  of  the  supply  chain.  Supply Chain Management  KPI B5.1  Number of suppliers by geographical region.  Supply Chain Management  KPI B5.2  Description  of  practices  relating  to  engaging  suppliers,  number  of  suppliers  where  the  practices  are  being  implemented,  and  how  they  are implemented and monitored.  Supply Chain Management  KPI B5.3  Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks  along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.  Supply Chain Management  KPI B5.4  Description  of  practices  used  to  promote  environmentally  preferable  products  and  services  when  selecting  suppliers,  and  how  they  are  implemented and monitored.  Supply Chain Management  Aspect B6: Product Responsibility  General  Disclosure  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant impact on the issuer  relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters  relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.  Product Responsibility  KPI B6.1  Percentage  of  total  products  sold  or  shipped  subject  to  recalls  for  safety and health reasons.  Product Responsibility  KPI B6.2  Number of products and service related complaints received and how  they are dealt with.  Product Responsibility  KPI B6.3  Description  of  practices  relating  to  observing  and  protecting  intellectual property rights.  Product Responsibility  KPI B6.4  Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.  Product Responsibility  KPI B6.5  Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how  they are implemented and monitored.  Product Responsibility  Aspect B7: Anti-corruption  General  Disclosure  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant impact on the issuer  relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.  Anti-corruption  KPI B7.1  Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought  against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the  outcomes of the cases.  Anti-corruption  KPI B7.2  Description  of  preventive  measures  and  whistle-blowing  procedures,  how they are implemented and monitored.  Anti-corruption  KPI B7.3  Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff.  Anti-corruption  Aspect B8: Community Investment  General  Disclosure  Policies  on  community  engagement  to  understand  the  needs  of  the  communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take  into consideration the communities' interests.  Community Investment  KPI B8.1  Focus  areas  of  contribution  (e.g.  education,  environmental  concerns,  labour needs, health, culture, sport).  Community Investment  KPI B8.2  Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area.  Community Investment   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the Group during the year consisted of (a)  retail  management  business  including  sales  of  furniture  and  household  items,  electrical  appliances,  food  and  pets accessories through the chain stores under multi-brand names including 'Pricerite Home', 'TMF', 'SECO', 'Pricerite Food' and 'Pricerite Pet' in Hong Kong; (b) the provision of asset management services to fund investors; (c) general investment holding; and (d) the financial services business carried out via CFSG (stock code: 510) that includes online and traditional brokerage of securities,  futures  and  options  as  well  as  general  and  life  insurance,  mutual  funds  and  mandatory  provident  fund  products, proprietary trading of debt and equity securities and derivatives, margin financing and money lending and asset management services.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 76 of this annual report.

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021:15 HK cents).

## BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group during the year, a discussion on the Group's future business development and possible risks  and  uncertainties  that  the  Group  may  be  facing  are  provided  in  the  sections  of  'Financial  Review',  'Management Discussion and Analysis' and 'Chairman's Letter' of this annual report and note 38 to the consolidated financial statements.

The  financial  risk  management  objectives  and  policies  of  the  Group  are  shown  in  note  38  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

An analysis of the Group's performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is provided in the section of 'Financial Review' of this annual report.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there is no important event affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS

We fully understand that our business is built on the long-term well-being of the 'people' in our service areas at large.

Throughout  the  course  of  our  business  development,  we  care  about  the  needs  of  our  key  stakeholders,  inter  alia,  our shareholders, our employees, our customers, our suppliers and our community. As such, we strive to become a 'Total Caring Organisation' to embrace the all-round needs of our key stakeholders.

The Group upholds the 'People-oriented' principle as our core belief and this forms the essence of our corporate culture. We respect the various needs of these 'people' as our stakeholders and we strive to balance the different spectrum of interests for the development of a better future.

Our five core values namely 'People', 'Customers', 'Quality', 'Teamwork' and 'Change' serve as the guiding principles for the whole team to move ahead.

We  are  dedicated  to  creating  an  enjoyable  work  environment  to  highly  engage  our  employees  so  as  to  maximise  their potential, meeting the needs of our customers with quality products and innovative services and enhancing cooperation with our  suppliers  so  as  to  provide  high-quality  products  and  services  to  our  customers  so  as  to  ensure  our  sustainable development.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## Shareholders

The Group is committed to communicating with our shareholders and the financial community proactively, transparently and effectively, and thereby ensuring consistent and timely dissemination of information to shareholders and potential investors.

We have established effective channels of communication with our shareholders to ensure that the corporate information is readily  accessible.  Corporate  communications  materials  with  regard  to  regulatory  disclosures  and  notices  of  the  Company, such as financial reports, results announcements, corporate announcements and circulars will be distributed according to the principles  of  continuous  disclosure,  and  complies  with  the  legal  and  regulatory  requirement  applicable  to  the  Company. Corporate communications and other general information concerning the Company and its businesses such as press releases will be posted on the corporate website (www.cash.com.hk) and distributed to the media as soon as practicable. The Company adheres to its corporate policy of not disclosing unpublished or potentially price-sensitive information such as sales and profit forecasts.

## Employees

Our  staff  is  regarded  as  the  most  important  asset  of  the  Group.  We  offer  a  competitive  remuneration  package  and  great opportunities  for  career  advancement  based  on  performance-linked  appraisal  system.  Our  passion  in  fostering  a  learning culture  is  recognised.  The  honour  of  'Super  MD'  from  Employees  Retraining  Board  ('ERB')  Manpower  Developer  Award Scheme recognises the Group's efforts and commitment to training and development. We also provide our staff with regular trainings, including internal trainings and refresher courses offered by professional organisations, so as to keep them abreast of the latest development in the market, industry and various businesses.

The Group is committed to the well-being of our employees as we believe that a healthy body and soul will have a positive impact on people's professional and personal lives.

Along  with  initiatives  designed  to  improve  the  health,  safety  and  well-being  of  our  employees,  the  Group  also  offers recreational  and  educational  activities  in  different  topics  such  as  professional  growth,  work-life  balance,  health  and  safety, rewards  and  recognitions,  employees'  families,  amazing  occasions  to  help  staff  to  pursue  their  interests,  explore  their  full potential and recharge after work. The Group is the 'Family-Friendly Employer' under the scheme by the Home Affairs Bureau and the Family Council in recognition of our family-friendly employment policies and practices which have positive impact to the Company and employees' family life.

In  recognition  of  our  commitment  and  effort  in  developing  employee-orientated  human  resources  management  and promoting Family-friendly Employment Practices, we have been recognised as a Signatory of Good Employer Charter under the scheme by the Labour Department.

We  sincerely  care  about  our  employees'  retirement  needs  and  have  gone  the  extra  mile  to  provide  additional  retirement benefits  for  them.  We  have  been  awarded  the  accolade  of  'Good  MPF  Employer  Award'  by  the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund Schemes Authority (MPFA).

## Customers

We value  the  customers'  interests  as  the  first  priority.  It  is  our  mission  to  provide  customers  with  a  meaningful  experience when utilising our services.

We value the feedback from customers and always try to understand their thoughts through Internet, daily communication, customer  services  and  after-sale  services  etc.  In  addition,  we  also  set  up  website,  e-portal,  email,  Facebook  and  customer service hotline to respond to the feedback of customers.

In recognition of Pricerite Home's excellent quality service performance, the Company was accredited with Hong Kong Retail Management  Association's  (HKRMA)  'Quality  Service  Recognition'.  Pricerite  Home  and  TMF  have  been  recognised  as  'QTS Certified Retail Shop' by Hong Kong Tourism Board for their high standards of product quality and service.

HKRMA awarded the Anti-Epidemic Measures Award to Pricerite Home in recognition of its epidemic prevention measures to safeguard customers' health and safety.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Pricerite Home gained the honour of 'No. 1 Household Retailer' at Headline No. 1 Awards 2022 and Q-Mark Elite Brand Award, proving  that  the  service  provided  by  the  Company  is  excellent  and  well  received  by  the  public.  Pricerite  Pet  received  the honour  of  'Favourite  Pet  Brand'  in  the  category  of  Online  Pet  Stores  at  MoCity  Favourite  Pet  Brand  Award  2021,  and  also gained the honour of 'Popular Pet Retail Store' at the Popular Pet Awards organised by HK01, in recognition of the Company's outstanding online and offline business performance which has been well received by the public.

Pricerite  Home  and  CFSG  have  been  recognised  as  'Hong  Kong  Premier  Service  Brand'  and  'Hong  Kong  Top  Service  Brand' respectively in Hong Kong Top Brand Mark Scheme by Hong Kong Brand Development Council.

With  our  excellent  marketing  strategies,  CFSG  has  been  recognised  as  'The  Best  One-Stop  Wealth  Management  Service'  at EDigest Brand Awards 2022'.

## Suppliers

We firmly  believe  that  our  suppliers  are  equally  important  in  building  high-quality  businesses.  We  proactively  communicate with our suppliers to ensure they are committed to delivering high-quality and sustainable products and services.

## Community

The  Group  is  devoted  to  supporting  the  community  in  which  we  operate  through  donation,  education,  volunteering  and encourage others to give.

Over the past years, we show our care about the community with unsparing support for wide-ranging community services and charities. We have also been encouraging our employees and their family members to take part in voluntary services after work and serve the disadvantaged in the community.

Showing the sustainability and breadth of our corporate social responsibility efforts, we have been awarded the accolade of '15  Years  Plus  Caring  Company'  by  the  Hong  Kong  Council  of  Social  Service  (HKCSS)  in  recognition  of  our  achievements  in 'Caring  for  the  Community',  'Caring  for  the  Employee'  and  'Caring  for  the  Environment'.  It  serves  as  a  recognition  for  our contribution  to  community  services  and  commitment  to  employee  engagement.  In  addition,  we  have  attained  the  'Hong Kong Outstanding Corporate Citizenship Logo' organised by the Hong Kong Productivity Council in recognition of the Group's devoted efforts in corporate social responsibilities.

The  Group  was  awarded  the  Certificate  of  Excellence  of  the  Hong  Kong  Sustainability  Award  by  Hong  Kong  Management Association (HKMA) in recognition of the Group's significant contribution to the sustainable development of society.

The  Social  Capital  Builder  Logo  Award  from  the  Labour  and  Welfare  Bureau  recognised  our  active  role  in  promoting cross-sectoral partnership and sustainable supportive network.

Pricerite  Group  and  CFSG  gained  the  Sustainable  Business  Award  from  the  World  Green  Organisation  in  recognition  of  our outstanding achievement in sustainability.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND PERFORMANCE

As a total caring organisation, the Group is dedicated to keeping the environmental impact of our operations to a minimum, balancing business needs with conservation.

The Group adopted 'Green Office Policy' with various measures regarding minimisation of energy and paper consumption and recycling  being  implemented.  We  also  execute  different  types  of  'Green  Office  Campaign'  in  our  office  to  enhance  staff awareness and participation for environmental protection.

Over  the  years,  the  Group  has  participated  in  various  environmental  protection  programmes  and  campaigns  organised  by reputable institutions and have been recognised with awards. Pricerite Home received Wastewi$e Certificate (Excellence Level) and  the  Certificate  of  Merit  in  'Shops  and  Retailers'  sector  at  2021  Hong  Kong  Awards  for  Environmental  Excellence  from Environmental Campaign Committee. CFSG and Pricerite Home received the Hong Kong Green Organisation Certificate from the  Committee.  In  recognition  of  Pricerite  Home's  contribution  in  environmental  protection,  BOC  Credit  Card  (International) Limited awarded Chill Green Merchant Award to the Company. The achievements highlighted the Group's total caring culture and commitment to responsible business.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

Compliance procedures are in place to ensure adherence to applicable laws, rules and regulations, in particular, those have significant impact on the Group. During the year, the Group has materially complied with the relevant laws and regulations on corporate level as well as those that have a significant impact on the operations of the Group.

## FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the audited results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years ended 31 December 2022 is set out on pages 184 to 185 of this annual report.

## PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements during the year in the property and equipment of the Group are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries are set out in note 46 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.

## RESERVES AND DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the year are set out in the 'Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity' of the consolidated financial statements on pages 79 to 80 of this annual report.

Details  of  movements  in  the  reserves  of  the  Company  during  the  year  are  shown  in  note  47  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

At  31  December  2022,  the  Company's  reserves  available  for  distribution  to  shareholders,  calculated  in  accordance  with  the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, amounted to approximately HK$262,412,000.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company's bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION

Details of the related party transaction entered into by the Group are set out in notes 33 and 42 to the consolidated financial statements and the related party transaction which is connected transaction exempted from announcement, reporting, annual review and shareholders' approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in relation to the related party transaction of the Group during the year.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

In  the  year  under  review,  the  Group's  turnover  attributable  to  the  five  largest  customers  accounted  for  less  than  30%  of  the Group's total turnover.

In  the  year  under  review,  the  Group's  purchases attributable to the five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of the Group's total purchases.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS

The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the publication date of this annual report were as follows:

## Executive Directors:

Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee Leung Siu Pong James Li Shing Wai Lewis Kwan Teng Hin Jeffrey

## Independent Non-executive Directors:

Leung Ka Kui Johnny Wong Chuk Yan Chan Hak Sin

The following Directors shall retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM:

- (i) Dr Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee, Mr Leung Siu Pong James and Mr Kwan Teng Hin Jeffrey, all being EDs, shall retire at least once in every 3 years at the AGM in accordance with the Company's bye-laws and corporate governance code; and
- (ii) Mr Leung Ka Kui Johnny, Mr Wong Chuk Yan and Dr Chan Hak Sin, all being INEDs, shall retire at the AGM in each year in accordance with their terms of office of directorship.

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE LISTING RULES

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other changes to the Directors' information as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory obligation.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

Save as disclosed under the heading 'Related Party Transaction' above, no transaction, arrangement, or contract of significance to which the Group was a party, and in which a Director of the Company had a material interest, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

## RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

Details of the Group's retirement benefits schemes are set out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

As at 31 December 2022, the interests or short positions of each Director and chief executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying  shares  or  debentures  of  the  Company  or  its  associated  corporations  (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO) which (a) were recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO; or (b) as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

## A. The Company

## (a) Long positions in the Shares

| Number of Shares  Name  Capacity  Personal  Corporate interest  Shareholding  (%)  Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee  Beneficial owner and interested  in a controlled corporation  598,501  39,599,098*  49.79  Leung Siu Pong James  Beneficial owner  37,642  -  0.05  636,143  39,599,098  49.84   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The Shares were held by Cash Guardian. Dr Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee was deemed to be interested in all these Shares as a result of his interests in Cash Guardian as disclosed in the 'Substantial Shareholders' below.

## (b) Long positions in the underlying shares - options under share option scheme

| Name  Date of grant  Exercise period  Exercise price  per share  Notes  Number of  options  outstanding  Percentage to  issued shares  (HK$)  (%)  Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee  16/7/2021  1/8/2021 - 31/7/2023  1.45  (1)to(3)  800,000  0.99  Li Shing Wai Lewis  16/7/2021  1/8/2021 - 31/7/2023  1.45  (1)to(3)  800,000  0.99  Leung Siu Pong James  16/7/2021  1/8/2021 - 31/7/2023  1.45  (1)to(3)  800,000  0.99  Kwan Teng Hin Jeffrey  16/7/2021  1/8/2021 - 31/7/2023  1.45  (1)to(3)  800,000  0.99  3,200,000  3.96   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The options are vested in 2 tranches as to 50% exercisable from 1 August 2021 to 31 July 2023 and 50% exercisable from 1 August 2022 to 31 July 2023 respectively.

(2) The  options  are  subject  to  the  achievement  of  agreed  milestones/performance  indicators  and/or  business  budget  plan  for  the relevant  year  during  the  option  period  as  approved  by  the  Chairman  of  the  Board  and/or  the  Board  determined  at  their  sole discretion.

(3) The options must be exercised within 1 month from the date on which the Board's approval of the vesting of the options.

(4) The options were held by the Directors in the capacity of beneficial owners.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## B.

## Associated corporation (within the meaning of SFO)

## CFSG

- (a) Long positions in the ordinary shares of HK$0.04 each
* The  shares  were  held  by  CIGL,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Praise  Joy  Limited  (which  was  100%  beneficially  owned  by  the Company). The Company was beneficially owned as to approximately 49.79% by Dr Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee, details of which were disclosed in the 'Substantial Shareholders' below. Pursuant to the SFO, Dr Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee was deemed to be interested in all the shares held by CIGL in CFSG.
- (b) Long positions in the underlying shares - options under share option scheme

| Number of shares  Name  Capacity  Personal  Corporate  interest  Shareholding  (%)  Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee  Beneficial owner and interest in a  controlled corporation  2,472,000  157,989,563*  61.44  Li Shing Wai Lewis  Beneficial owner  2,472,000  -  0.95  Kwan Teng Hin Jeffrey  Beneficial owner  2,472,000  -  0.95  7,416,000  157,989,563  63.34   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name  Date of grant  Exercise period  Exercise price  per share  Notes  Number of  options  outstanding  Percentage to  issued shares  (HK$)  (%)  Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee  29/07/2021  01/08/2021 - 31/07/2023  0.572  (1),(2),(3)  2,400,000  0.92  Li Shing Wai Lewis  29/07/2021  01/08/2021 - 31/07/2023  0.572  (1),(2),(3)  2,400,000  0.92  Kwan Teng Hin Jeffrey  29/07/2021  01/08/2021 - 31/07/2023  0.572  (1),(2),(3)  2,400,000  0.92  7,200,000  2.76   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (1) The options are vested in 2 tranches as to 50% exercisable from 1 August 2021 to 31 July 2023 and 50% exercisable from 1 August 2022 to 31 July 2023 respectively.
- (2) The  options  are  subject  to  the  achievement  of  agreed  milestones/performance  indicators  and/or  business  budget  plan  for  the relevant year during the option period as approved by the chairman of CFSG Board and/or the CFSG Board determined at their sole discretion.
- (3) The options must be exercised within 1 month from the date on which the CFSG Board's approval of the vesting of the options.
- (4) The options were held by the Directors in the capacity of beneficial owners.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  as  at  31  December  2022,  none  of  the  Directors,  chief  executive  or  their  associates  had  any interests  or  short  positions  in  the  Shares,  underlying  shares  or  debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO).

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

## (A) The Company

The  Old  Share  Option  Scheme  adopted  by  the  Company  on  21  May  2012  was  terminated  pursuant  to  an  ordinary resolution passed at the SGM held on 30 September 2021. The New Share Option Scheme was adopted pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed at the SGM held on 30 September 2021 in place of the Old Share Option Scheme dated 21 May  2012.  The  Old  and  New  Share  Option  Schemes  were  adopted  before  the  new  Chapter  17  of  the  Listing  Rules effective on 1 January 2023. The Company will comply with the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules in accordance with the  transitional  arrangements  for  the  Old  and  New  Share  Option  Schemes.  The  options  granted  under  the  Old  Share Option  Scheme  before  termination  shall  continue  to  be  valid  and  exercisable  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the options. Particulars of the terms of the New Share Option Scheme and the Old Share Option Scheme are set out in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements.

Details of the movements in the share options to subscribe for the Shares granted under the Old Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out below. No option has been granted under the New Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2022.

| Number of options  Participants  Date of grant  Exercise period  Exercise price  per share  Notes  Outstanding  as at  1 January  2022  Outstanding  as at  31 December  2022  (HK$)  Directors  16/7/2021  01/08/2021 - 31/07/2023  1.450  (1)  3,200,000  3,200,000  Service Providers (including  consultants)  16/07/2021  01/08/2021 - 31/07/2023  1.450  (2),(3),(5)  550,000  550,000  3,750,000  3,750,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) Details of the options granted to the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Director's Interests in Securities' above.

- (2) The vesting of options is subject to the satisfactory  delivery  of  services  to  members  of  the  Group  as  approved  by  the  chairman  of  the Board and/or the Board determined at their sole discretion.
- (3) The options must be exercised within 1 month from the date on which the Board's approval of the vesting of the options.

(4) No option was granted, exercised, lapsed or cancelled during the year.

- (5) The options were granted to Mr Law Ping Wah Bernard ('Mr Law') as consultant of the Group for provision of advisory services to the Group in relation to financial planning and analysis, risk management, business restructuring, mergers and acquisitions etc. Mr Law is a former executive director and chief financial officer of the Company with extensive experience in financial management and accountancy and is  familiar  with  the  Group's  financial  and  corporate  structure  and  management  system.  The  Board  is  of  the  view  that  the  grant  of options will provide incentives for Mr Law to provide professional financial advisory services and planning to cater for business needs of the Group which will align his interests with the Group and secure his long-term support and commitment to the Group.
- (6) The  total  number  of  Shares  available  for  issue  under  Old  Share  Option  Scheme  and  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme  is  11,822,018 representing approximately 14.65% of the issued Shares as at the date of this annual report.
- (7) The number of options available for grant under the mandate of the New Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022 was 8,072,018. The Old Share Option Scheme was terminated on 30 September 2021 and therefore no options were available for grant as at 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## (B) The subsidiary

## CFSG

The CFSG Share Option Scheme was adopted pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed at the annual general meeting of  CFSG held on 8 June 2018. The CFSG Share Option Scheme was adopted before the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules effective on 1 January 2023. CFSG will comply with the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules in accordance with the transitional arrangements for the CFSG Share Option Scheme.

Details of the movements in the share options to subscribe for shares of HK$0.04 each in CFSG granted under the CFSG Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out below:

| Number of options  Participants  Date of grant  Exercise period  Exercise price  per share  Notes  outstanding  as at  1 January  2022  lapsed  during  the year  outstanding  as at  31 December  2022  (HK$)  (Note (8))  Directors  29/03/2019  01/05/2019-30/04/2022  1.420  (1)  3,037,500  (3,037,500)  -  29/04/2020  01/05/2020-30/04/2022  0.480  (1)  2,472,000  (2,472,000)  -  29/07/2021  01/08/2021-31/07/2023  0.572  (1)  7,200,000  -  7,200,000  Other Employee Participants  29/03/2019  01/05/2019-30/04/2022  1.420  (2),(5),(7)  4,603,500  (4,603,500)  -  29/07/2021  01/08/2021-31/07/2023  0.572  (3),(5),(7)  2,700,000  (2,700,000)  -  29/07/2021  01/08/2021-31/07/2025  0.572  (4),(5),(7)  10,740,000  (6,240,000)  4,500,000  Service Providers (including  consultants)  29/03/2019  01/05/2019-30/04/2022  1.420  (2),(6),(7),(12)  1,602,000  (1,602,000)  -  04/06/2019  04/06/2019-03/06/2022  1.040  (6),(7),(12)  2,790,000  (2,790,000)  -  29/04/2020  01/05/2020-30/04/2022  0.480  (6),(7),(12)  2,472,000  (2,472,000)  -  29/07/2021  01/08/2021-31/07/2023  0.572  (6),(7),(12)  3,810,000  -  3,810,000  41,427,000  (25,917,000)  15,510,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (1) Details of the options granted to the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Directors' interests in securities' above.
- (2) The options are vested in 3 tranches as to 25% exercisable from 1 May 2019 to 30 April 2020, 25% exercisable from 1 May 2020 to 30 April 2021 and 50% exercisable from 1 May 2021 to 30 April 2022 respectively.
- (3) The options are vested in 2 tranches as to 50% exercisable from 1 August 2021 to 31 July 2023 and 50% exercisable from 1 August 2022 to 31 July 2023 respectively.
- (4) The options are vested in 4 tranches as to 25% exercisable from 1 August 2021 to 31 July 2022, 25% exercisable from 1 August 2022 to 31 July 2023, 25% exercisable from 1 August 2023 to 31 July 2024 and 25% exercisable from 1 August 2024 to 31 July 2025 respectively.
- (5) The options are subject to the achievement of agreed milestones/performance indicators and/or business budget plan for the relevant year during the option period as approved by the chairman of CFSG Board and/or the CFSG Board determined at their sole discretion.
- (6) The vesting of the options is subject to the satisfactory delivery of services to members of the Group as approved by the Chairman of the CFSG Board and/or the CFSG Board determined at their sole discretion.
- (7) The options must be exercised within 1 month from the date on which the CFSG Board's approval of the vesting of the options.
- (8) The lapsed options were due to expiry of the options in accordance with the terms of the share options.
- (9) The total number of shares of CFSG available for issue under CFSG Share Option Scheme is 41,627,477, representing approximately 15.94% of the issued shares of CFSG as at the date of this annual report.
- (10) The number of options available for grant under the mandate of the CFSG Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022 were 26,117,477.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

(11) No option was granted, exercised or cancelled during the year.

- (12) There were share options granted to consultants on 29 March 2019, 4 June 2019, 29 April 2020 and 29 July 2021 respectively. The grantee of the share options granted on 29 March 2019 was Mr Law Ping Wah Bernard and Ms Luke Wing Sheung Suzanne (the former executive director of the Company and the former company secretary of the Company, respectively). The grantees of the share options granted on 4  June  2019  were  Mr  Yao  Cho  Fai  Andrew,  Mr  Ma  King  Huen  Philip  and  Mr  Lai  Wing  Hung  Alfred.  The  grantees  of  the  share  options granted on 29 April 2020 were Mr Law Ping Wah Bernard and Mr Lai Wing Hung Alfred. The grantees of the share options granted on 29 July  2021  were  Mr  Law  Ping  Wah  Bernard,  Mr  Lai  Wing  Hung  Alfred  and  Ms  Luke  Wing  Sheung.  The  rationale  for  granting  the  share options to consultants was to reward each of them for their quality service, professional advice, expertise and contribution to the Group by  introducing  potential  business  opportunities  to  the  Group.  The  CFSG  Board  is  of  the  view  that  the  grant  of  options  will  provide incentives for them to provide professional financial and new business opportunities advisory services and planning to cater for business needs of the Group, which will align their interests with the Group and secure their long-term support and commitment to the Group.

## SHARE AWARD SCHEME

## The subsidiary

## CFSG

CFSG has adopted a share award scheme on 1 December 2022 (the 'Share Award Scheme'). The Share Award Scheme does not constitute a share option scheme within the meaning of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and is a discretionary scheme of CFSG. However, it shall constitute a share scheme that is funded by existing CFSG Shares and shall be subject to the applicable disclosure requirements when the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules comes in effect on 1 January 2023.

Particulars of the terms of the Share Award Scheme are set out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.

Further details of the Share Award Scheme were disclosed in the CFSG's announcement dated 1 December 2022.

No share awards has been granted under the Share Award Scheme during the period from the date of adoption to the end of the year ended 31 December 2022.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

As  at  31  December  2022,  so  far  as  is  known  to  the  Directors  and  chief  executive  of  the  Company,  the  persons/companies (other  than  a  Director  or  chief  executive  of  the  Company)  who  had,  or  were  deemed  or  taken  to  have  an  interest  or  short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company were as follows:

| Name  Capacity  Number of Shares  Shareholding  (%)  Hobart Assets Limited (Notes (1) &amp; (2))  Interest in a controlled corporation  39,599,098  49.05  Cash Guardian (Notes (1) &amp; (2))  Interest in a controlled corporation  39,599,098  49.05  Mr Wang Shui Ming (Note (3))  Beneficial owner, interest in a controlled  corporation and other interest  4,110,245  5.09   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) This  refers  to  the  same  number  of  the  Shares  held  by  Cash  Guardian,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Hobart  Assets  Limited,  which  in  turn  was 100% beneficially owned by Dr Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee. Pursuant to the SFO, Dr Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee and Hobart Assets Limited were deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Cash Guardian.

(2) Dr Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee (a Director whose interests is not shown in the above table) was interested and/or deemed be interested in a total of 40,197,599 Shares (49.79%), which were held as to 39,599,098 Shares by Cash Guardian and as to 598,501 Shares in his personal name. Detail of his interest is set out in the section 'Directors Interests in Securities' above.

(3) The shareholding interest of Mr Wang Shui Ming was based on the notice dated 7 September 2020 (filed by him on 9 September 2020) pursuant to  Divisions  2  and  3  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO  after  adjusting  the  number  of  Shares  held  by  him  due  to  the  20-to-1  share  consolidation  of  the Company which took effect on 7 September 2020. Based on the said notice filed by Mr Wang Shui Ming, the Shares were held as to 1,022,061 in his personal name, as to 2,223,607 held by Mingtak Holdings Limited (a 100%-owned controlled corporation of Mr Wang Shui Ming), and 864,577 held by him as nominee under a power of attorney. Pursuant to the SFO, Mr Wang Shui Ming was deemed to be interested in all these Shares.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors and chief executive of the Company were not aware of any other parties or corporation (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) who had, or were deemed or taken to have, any interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the year ended 31 December 2022, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company listed securities.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained sufficient public float of not less than 25% of its Shares in the hands of the public in accordance with the Listing Rules as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No  contracts  concerning  the  management  and  administration  of  the  whole  or  any  substantial  part  of  the  business  of  the Group were entered into or in existence during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as the share option schemes and share award scheme of the Group as disclosed in notes 39 and 40 to the consolidated financial statements, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 or subsisted at the end of the year.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A  permitted  indemnity  provision  (as  defined  in  section  469  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance)  for  the  benefit  of  the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the financial year.

## CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE

The Company has received a written confirmation in respect of independence from each of the INEDs in compliance with rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and the Company still considers that each of them to be independent.

## AUDITOR

There have been no changes of auditor in the preceding three years.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Company  for  the  year  were  audited  by  Messrs.  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu.  A resolution  will  be  submitted  to  the  forthcoming  AGM  to  re-appoint  Messrs.  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu  as  auditor  of  the Company.

On behalf of the Board Dr Bankee P. Kwan, JP Chairman &amp; CEO

Hong Kong, 24 March 2023

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## TO THE MEMBERS OF CELESTIAL ASIA SECURITIES HOLDINGS LIMITED

(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Celestial  Asia  Securities  Holdings  Limited  ('Company')  and  its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') set out on pages 76 to 183, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  consolidated  financial  position  of  the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## Basis for Opinion

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Standards  on  Auditing  ('HKSAs')  issued  by  the  HKICPA.  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants ('Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (CONTINUED)

## Key Audit Matters

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgment,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Key audit matter

Valuation  of  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive  income  ('FVTOCI')  classified  as  level  3  under  fair value hierarchy

We  identified  the  valuation  of  level  3  financial  assets measured  at  FVTOCI  as  a  key  audit  matter  due  to  the significance  of  the  judgment  and  estimates  made  by  the management and the subjectivity in determination of level 3  fair  value  given  the  lack  of  availability  of  market-based data and the significant unobservable inputs.

The total fair value of financial assets at FVTOCI classified as level  3  amounted  to  HK$24,328,000  as  at  31  December 2022  and  the  key  source  of  estimation  uncertainty  are disclosed  in  notes  4  and  38  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Our  audit  procedures  for  the  valuation  of  the  level  3  financial assets at FVTOCI include:

- assessing  the  independence,  competence,  capabilities and objectivity of the professional valuer engaged by the Group and its experience in conducting similar valuation;
- evaluating  the  appropriateness  of  the  valuation methodologies  and  assumptions  based  on  the  industry knowledge;
- evaluating  the  appropriateness  and  consistency  of  the valuation techniques used by the management;
- evaluating  the  rationale  and  reasonableness  of management's judgment on the significant inputs;
- examining  supporting  documents  and  assessing  the reasonableness of significant inputs; and
- performing  sensitivity  analysis  to  evaluate  the reasonableness  of  the  valuation  and  performing i ndependent  valuation  together  with  our  internal valuation specialist and comparing the valuation with the Group's valuation.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (CONTINUED)

## Other Information

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  the  information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material  misstatement  of  this  other  information,  we  are  required  to  report  that  fact.  We  have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities  of  Directors  and  Those  Charged  with  Governance  for  the Consolidated Financial Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of  consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated  Financial Statements

Our objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole  are  free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility  towards  or  accept  liability  to  any  other  person  for  the  contents  of  this  report.  Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with  HKSAs  will  always  detect  a  material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic  decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these consolidated financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgment  and  maintain  professional  skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence  that  is  sufficient  and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT (CONTINUED)

## Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated  Financial Statements (Continued)

- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and  events  in  a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business  activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  those  charged  with  governance,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would  reasonably  be  expected  to  outweigh  the  public  interest  benefits  of  such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor's report is Poon Kam Chuen.

## Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong

24 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  5  1,210,887  1,368,066  Cost of inventories  13  (691,433)  (793,738)  Other income  7  15,601  13,215  Other gains and losses  7  65,661  7,342  Salaries, allowances and related benefits  8  (199,011)  (195,732)  Other operating, administrative and selling expenses  10  (237,651)  (234,843)  Depreciation of property and equipment  16  (23,742)  (18,020)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets and related rent concessions  13  (138,308)  (149,465)  Finance costs  9  (20,755)  (16,995)  Share of loss of associates  22  (25,984)  (19,671)  Loss before taxation  (44,735)  (39,841)  Income tax credit (expense)  12  9,486  (3,426)  Loss for the year  13  (35,249)  (43,267)  Other comprehensive (expense) income for the year,  net of income tax  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:  Share of fair value (loss) gain on financial assets at fair value through  other comprehensive income ('FVTOCI') of an associate  (198)  724  Fair value gain on financial assets at FVTOCI  1,058  -  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations  (1,994)  3,637  Share of exchange difference on translation of foreign operation  of an associate  113  421  (1,021)  4,782  Total comprehensive expense for the year  (36,270)  (38,485)  Loss for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (33,641)  (43,050)  Non-controlling interests  (1,608)  (217)  (35,249)  (43,267)  Total comprehensive expense for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (34,662)  (38,268)  Non-controlling interests  (1,608)  (217)  (36,270)  (38,485)  Loss per share  14  - Basic (HK cents)  (41.68)  (53.33)  - Diluted (HK cents)  (41.68)  (53.33)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

At 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property and equipment  16  40,495  27,364  Right-of-use assets  17  193,590  187,060  Goodwill  18  39,443  39,443  Intangible assets  19  52,552  43,460  Interests in associates  22  -  183,535  Rental and utilities deposits  24,387  23,121  Financial assets at FVTOCI  25  24,328  -  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL')  26  4,812  -  Other assets  6,846  -  Deferred tax assets  21  5,450  5,450  391,903  509,433  Current assets  Inventories - finished goods held for sale  56,623  65,761  Accounts and other receivables  23  396,548  192,352  Contract assets  2,617  -  Loans receivable  24  12,194  1,500  Tax recoverable  4,297  4,234  Financial assets at FVTPL  26  51,594  15,951  Pledged bank deposits  27  54,159  55,458  Bank balances - trust and segregated accounts  27  482,196  -  Bank balances (general accounts) and cash  27  334,411  167,274  1,394,639  502,530  Current liabilities  Accounts payable  28  684,467  230,923  Financial liabilities arising from consolidated investment funds  29  5,757  5,551  Accrued liabilities and other payables  30  156,518  74,099  Contract liabilities  31  48,728  33,309  Amount due to an associate  22  -  1,001  Taxation payable  7,636  14,338  Lease liabilities  32  142,031  126,494  Borrowings  33  375,245  195,442  1,420,382  681,157  Net current liabilities  (25,743)  (178,627)  Total assets less current liabilities  366,160  330,806   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)

At 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Capital and reserves  Share capital  34  16,144  16,144  Reserves  179,950  224,496  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  196,094  240,640  Non-controlling interests  35  95,180  (37,946)  Total equity  291,274  202,694  Non-current liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities  21  6,825  6,825  Lease liabilities  32  68,061  81,112  Borrowings  33  -  40,175  74,886  128,112  366,160  330,806   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements on pages 76 to 183 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 24 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:

KWAN PAK HOO BANKEE DIRECTOR

LI SHING WAI LEWIS DIRECTOR

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Non-  controlling  interests  Share  capital  Share  premium  Contributed  surplus  General  reserve  Other  reserve  Share  option  reserve  Translation  reserve  Revaluation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  Total  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note (a))  (Notes (b)&amp;(c))  (Note (d))  (Note (e))  (note 46)  At 1 January 2021  16,144  629,127  88,926  1,160  64,097  -  19,031  6,242  (527,863)  296,864  (37,729)  259,135  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (43,050)  (43,050)  (217)  (43,267)  Other comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  4,058  724  -  4,782  -  4,782  Total comprehensive income  (expense) for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  4,058  724  (43,050)  (38,268)  (217)  (38,485)  Recognition of equity-settled  share-based payments  -  -  -  -  -  2,224  -  -  -  2,224  -  2,224  Amount transferred to  accumulated losses  (Note (f))  -  (550,000)  -  -  -  -  -  -  550,000  -  -  -  Dividend recognised as  distribution during the year  15  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (20,180)  (20,180)  -  (20,180)  At 31 December 2021  16,144  79,127  88,926  1,160  64,097  2,224  23,089  6,966  (41,093)  240,640  (37,946)  202,694  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (33,641)  (33,641)  (1,608)  (35,249)  Other comprehensive  (expense) income  for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,881)  860  -  (1,021)  -  (1,021)  Total comprehensive  (expense) income  for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,881)  860  (33,641)  (34,662)  (1,608)  (36,270)  Deemed disposal of associates  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (6,768)  6,768  -  -  -  Acquisition of subsidiary  36  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  134,734  134,734  Recognition of equity-settled  share-based payments  -  -  -  -  -  2,224  -  -  -  2,224  -  2,224  Amount transferred to  accumulated losses  (Note (f))  -  (75,000)  -  -  -  -  -  -  75,000  -  -  -  Transfer between reserves  -  -  -  -  -  -  (9,000)  -  9,000  -  -  -  Dividend recognised as  distribution during the year  15  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (12,108)  (12,108)  -  (12,108)  At 31 December 2022  16,144  4,127  88,926  1,160  64,097  4,448  12,208  1,058  3,926  196,094  95,180  291,274   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

Notes:

- (a) Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, the share premium of the Company can be used in paying up unissued shares of the Company to be issued to members of the Company as fully paid bonus shares.
- (b) Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, contributed surplus is available for distribution to shareholders. However, a company cannot declare or pay a dividend, or make a distribution out of contribution surplus, if:
- (i) the company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or
- (ii) the  realisable  value  of  the  company's  assets  would  thereby  be  less  than  the  aggregate  of  its  liabilities  and  its  issued  share  capital  and share premium accounts.
- (c) The  contributed  surplus  of  the  Group  represents  the  difference  between  the  nominal  value  of  the  share  capital  of  the  subsidiaries  acquired pursuant to the group reorganisation in 1994 and the nominal value of the issued share capital of the Company issued in exchange thereof, and the  net  amount  arising  from  the  reduction  of  share  premium  account,  capital  reduction  and  the  amounts  transferred  to  set-off  accumulated losses.
- (d) The other reserve of the Group represents the reserve arising from the distribution of shares of CASH Financial Services Group Limited ('CFSG') (formerly  known  as  CASH  on-line  Limited)  in  year  2000  and  the  effect  arising  from  the  change  in  the  Group's  ownership  interest  in  existing subsidiaries without losing control.
- (e) Revaluation reserve of the Group as at 31 December 2022 represented the adjustment to the fair value of trademark (included in the intangible assets)  related  to  previously  held  interest  in  an  associate  and  fair  value  changes  on  financial  assets  at  FVTOCI  held  by  the  associate  were reclassified  to  accumulated  losses  upon  demand  disposal  of  the  associates  and  fair  value  gain  on  financial  assets  at  FVTOCI  during  the  year ended 31 December 2022.
- (f) Pursuant to ordinary resolution passed on 11 May 2021, the amount of HK$550,000,000 standing to the credit of the share premium account of the Company be reduced and that the credit arising therefrom be transferred to the contributed surplus account of the Company. On 12 May 2021, the amount of HK$550,000,000 was further transferred from the contributed surplus account to the accumulated losses of the Company.

Pursuant to ordinary resolution passed on 1 June 2022, the amount of HK$75,000,000 standing to the credit of the share premium account of the Company be reduced and that the credit arising therefrom be transferred to the contributed surplus account of the Company. On 1 June 2022, the amount of HK$75,000,000 was further transferred from the contributed surplus account to the accumulated losses of the Company.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating activities  Loss before taxation  (44,735)  (39,841)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property and equipment  16  23,742  18,020  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  17  148,642  161,165  Write-down of inventories  13  3,587  5,801  Finance costs  9  20,755  16,995  Interest income  7  (2,058)  (1,984)  Dividend income  7  (122)  (142)  Share-based payments  2,224  2,224  Loss on disposal/write-off of property and equipment  7  746  1,364  Net gain on deemed disposal of associates and acquisition of subsidiary  7  (22,585)  -  Share of loss of associates  22  25,984  19,671  Impairment loss recognised on interests in an associate  7  -  2,850  Operating cash flow before movements in working capital  156,180  186,123  Decrease in other assets  2,842  -  Decrease in inventories  5,551  2,779  Decrease in accounts and other receivable  22,210  2,034  Increase in contract assets  (374)  -  Decrease (increase) in financial assets at FVTPL  5,496  (4,124)  Decrease in bank balances - trust and segregated accounts  47,505  -  Decrease in accounts payable  (100,043)  (5,611)  Increase (decrease) in financial liabilities arising from consolidated investment  funds  206  (25,009)  Decrease (increase) in accrued liabilities and other payables  77,883  (7,686)  Increase in contract liabilities  15,419  13,197  Net cash generated from operations  232,875  161,703  Income taxes paid  (279)  (12,042)  Net cash from operating activities  232,596  149,661   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Investing activities  Interest received  2,058  291  Dividend received  122  142  Placement of pledged bank deposits  -  (281)  Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits  1,299  19,020  Advance of loans receivable  1,352  -  Repayment of loans receivable  -  300  Purchase of property and equipment  (30,623)  (5,996)  Payments for rental deposits  -  (2,089)  Refund of rental deposits  620  1,632  Purchase of financial assets at FVTOCI  (1,058)  -  Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL  (4,812)  -  Acquisition of additional interests in an associate  22  (4,968)  (8,856)  Acquisition of subsidiary  36  168,069  -  Net cash from investing activities  132,059  4,163  Financing activities  Dividends paid  (12,108)  (20,180)  Drawdown of borrowings  119,780  610,620  Repayment of borrowings  (126,540)  (537,527)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (157,826)  (163,729)  Interest paid on lease liabilities  (8,815)  (10,622)  Interest paid on borrowings  (11,940)  (6,198)  Repayment to an associate  (1,001)  (340)  Net cash used in financing activities  (198,450)  (127,976)  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  166,205  25,848  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  167,274  141,246  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  932  180  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  334,411  167,274  Being:  Bank balances (general accounts) and cash  334,411  167,274   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

The Company is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended) and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ('Stock Exchange'). As at  31  December  2022,  Mr.  Kwan  Pak  Hoo  Bankee  hold  50.78%  of  ordinary  share  capital  of  the  Company  and  he  is  the ultimate controlling shareholder. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the Corporate Information of this annual report.

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is the same as the functional currency of the Company.

The Company is an investment holding company. The activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note 46.

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs')

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

In  the  current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group's annual period beginning on 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the financial statements:

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use  Amendments to HKAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract  Amendments to HKFRSs  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 - 2020   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Except as described below, the application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group's financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

## Impacts on application of Amendments to HKFRS 3 Reference to the Conceptual Framework

The  Group  has  applied  the  amendments  to  business  combinations  for  which  the  acquisition  date  was  on  or  after  1 January  2022.  The  amendments  update  a  reference  in  HKFRS  3  'Business  Combinations'  so  that  it  refers  to  the 'Conceptual  Framework  for  Financial  Reporting  2018'  issued  in  June  2018  (the  'Conceptual  Framework')  instead  of 'Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements' (replaced by the 'Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2010' issued in October 2010), add a requirement that, for transactions and events within the scope of  HKAS  37  'Provisions,  Contingent  Liabilities  and  Contingent  Assets'  or  HK(IFRIC)-Int  21  'Levies',  an  acquirer  applies HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination and add an explicit statement that an acquirer does not recognise contingent assets acquired in a business combination.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') (continued)

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:

| HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and February 2022 Amendments to HKFRS 17) Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28  Insurance Contracts 1  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 2  Amendment to HKFRS 16 Amendments to HKAS 1  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 3  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 3  Amendments to HKAS 1  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants 3  Amendments to HKAS 1 and  HKFRS Practice Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates 1 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1  Amendments to HKAS 12   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.

Except the amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) (the '2020 Amendments') and Amendments to HKAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants(the '2022 Amendments')

The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or non-current, which:

- clarify  that  if  a  liability  has  terms  that  could,  at  the  option  of  the  counterparty,  result  in  its  settlement  by  the transfer of the entity's own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current or non-current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an equity instrument applying HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation.
- specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are in existence at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Specifically,  the  amendments  clarify  that  the  classification  should  not  be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the liability within 12 months.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') (continued)

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (continued)

## Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) (the '2020 Amendments') and Amendments to HKAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants(the '2022 Amendments') (continued)

For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are conditional on the compliance with covenants, the requirements introduced by the 2020 Amendments have been modified by the 2022 Amendments. The 2022 Amendments specify that only covenants with which an entity is required to comply with on or before the end of  the  reporting  period  affect  the  entity's  right  to  defer  settlement  of  a  liability  for  at  least  twelve  months  after  the reporting date. Covenants which are required to comply with only after the reporting period do not affect whether that right exists at the end of the reporting period.

In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables users of financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within twelve months after the reporting period,  if  the  entity  classify  liabilities  arising  from  loan  arrangements  as  non-current  when  the  entity's  right  to  defer settlement of those liabilities is subject to the entity complying with covenants within twelve months after the reporting period.

The  2022  Amendments  also  defer  the  effective  date  of  applying  the  2020  Amendments  to  annual  reporting  periods beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2024.  The  2022  Amendments,  together  with  the  2020  Amendments,  are  effective  for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024, with early application permitted. If an entity applies the 2020 amendments for an earlier period after the issue of the 2022 Amendments, the entity should also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

Based on the Group's outstanding liabilities as at 31 December 2022, the application of the 2020 and 2022 Amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group's liabilities.

## Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 'Disclosure of Accounting Policies'

HKAS 1 is amended to replace all instances of the term 'significant accounting policies' with 'material accounting policy information'. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other information included in an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of the related transactions,  other  events  or  conditions,  even  if  the  amounts  are  immaterial.  However,  not  all  accounting  policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information must not obscure material accounting policy information.

HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the 'Practice Statement') is also amended to illustrate how an entity applies the 'four-step materiality process' to accounting policy disclosures and to judge whether information about  an  accounting  policy  is  material  to  its  financial  statements.  Guidance  and  examples  are  added  to  the  Practice Statement.

The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position or performance of the Group but may affect the disclosures of the Group's significant accounting policies. The impacts of application, if any, will be disclosed in the Group's future consolidated financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') (continued)

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (continued)

## Amendments to HKAS 8 'Definition of Accounting Estimates'

The  amendments  define  accounting  estimates  as  'monetary  amounts  in  financial  statements  that  are  subject  to measurement uncertainty'. An accounting policy may require items in financial statements to be measured in a way that involves measurement uncertainty - that is, the accounting policy may require such items to be measured at monetary amounts  that  cannot  be  observed  directly  and  must  instead  be  estimated.  In  such  a  case,  an  entity  develops  an accounting  estimate  to  achieve  the  objective  set  out  by  the  accounting  policy.  Developing  accounting  estimates involves the use of judgements or assumptions based on the latest available, reliable information.

In addition, the concept of changes in accounting estimates in HKAS 8 is retained with additional clarifications.

The  application  of  the  amendments  is  not  expected  to  have  significant  impact  on  the  Group's  consolidated  financial statements.

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA.  For  the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably  expected  to  influence  decisions  made  by  primary  users.  In  addition,  the  consolidated  financial  statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange ('Listing Rules') and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company have given careful consideration to the future  liquidity  of  the  Group  in  light  of  the  fact  that  the  Company's  current  liabilities  exceeded  its  current  assets  by HK$25,743,000  (2021:  HK$178,627,000)  as  at  31  December  2022.  The  directors  of  the  Company  have,  at  the  time  of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Group has sufficient working capital, including  the  banking  facilities  available,  to  continue  in  operational  existence  for  the  foreseeable  future.  Thus  they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the  historical  cost  basis  except  for  certain  financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of the reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  in  an  orderly  transaction between  market  participants  at  the  measurement  date,  regardless  of  whether  that  price  is  directly  observable  or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics  of  the  asset  or  liability  if  market  participants  would  take  those  characteristics  into  account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are  within  the  scope  of  HKFRS  2  'Share-based  Payment',  leasing  transactions  that  are  within  the  scope  of  HKFRS  16 'Leases', and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 'Inventories' or value in use in HKAS 36 'Impairment of Assets'.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements (continued)

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable inputs are to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.

In  addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;
- Level  2  inputs  are  inputs,  other  than  quoted  prices  included  within  Level  1,  that  are  observable  for  the  asset  or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

## Significant accounting policies

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial  statements  incorporate  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  entities  controlled  by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

- has power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
- is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has the ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Basis of consolidation (continued)

When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group's voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

- the  size  of  the  Group's  holding  of  voting  rights  relative  to  the  size  and  dispersion  of  holdings  of  the  other  vote holders;
- potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;
- rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- any additional facts  and  circumstances  that  indicate  that  the  Group  has,  or  does  not  have,  the  current  ability  to direct  the  relevant  activities  at  the  time  that  decisions  need  to  be  made,  including  voting  patterns  at  previous shareholders' meetings.

When the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns of an investee, in which the Group also acts as a general partner, or the Group will determine whether it is a principal or an agent for the purpose of assessing whether the Group controls the relevant fund.

An agent is a party primarily engaged to act on behalf and for the benefit of another party or parties (the principal(s)) and therefore does not control the investee when it exercises its decision-making authority. In determining whether the Group is an agent to the fund, the Group would assess:

- the scope of its decision-making authority over the investee;
- the rights held by other parties;
- the remuneration to which it is entitled in accordance with the remuneration agreements; and
- the decision maker's exposure to variability of returns from other interests that it holds in the investee.

Consolidation of  a  subsidiary  begins  when  the  Group  obtains  control  over  the  subsidiary  and  ceases  when  the  Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the  non-controlling  interests.  Total  comprehensive  income  of  subsidiaries  is  attributed  to  the  owners  of  the  Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Basis of consolidation (continued)

When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line with the Group's accounting policies.

All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

Non-controlling  interests  in  subsidiaries  are  presented  separately  from  the  Group's  equity  therein,  which  represent present  ownership  interests  entitling  their  holders  to  a  proportionate  share  of  net  assets  of  the  relevant  subsidiaries upon liquidation.

## Changes in the Group's interests in existing subsidiaries

Changes in the Group's interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries are accounted  for  as  equity  transactions.  The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's  relevant  components  of  equity  and  the non-controlling  interests  are  adjusted  to  reflect  the  changes  in  their  relative  interests  in  the  subsidiaries,  including re-attribution  of  relevant  reserves  between  the  Group  and  the  non-controlling  interests  according  to  the  Group's  and the non-controlling interests' proportionate interests.

Any  difference  between  the  amount  by  which  the  non-controlling  interests  are  adjusted,  and  the  fair  value  of  the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount  of  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company.  All  amounts  previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed  of  the  related  assets  or  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  (i.e.  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  or  transferred  to  another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs).

## Business combinations or asset acquisitions

## Optional concentration test

The  Group  can  elect  to  apply  an  optional  concentration  test,  on  a  transaction-by-transaction  basis,  that  permits  a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The concentration test is met if  substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill  resulting  from  the  effects  of  deferred  tax  liabilities.  If  the  concentration  test  is  met,  the  set  of  activities  and assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

## Asset acquisitions

When the Group acquires a  group  of  assets  and  liabilities  that  do  not  constitute  a  business,  the  Group  identifies  and recognises  the  individual  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  by  allocating  the  purchase  price  first  to investment properties which are subsequently measured under fair value model and financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities  on  the  basis  of  their  relative  fair  values  at  the  date  of  purchase.  Such  a  transaction  does  not  give  rise  to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)

## Business combinations

A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly  contribute  to  the  ability  to  create  outputs.  The  acquired  processes  are  considered  substantive  if  they  are critical  to  the  ability  to  continue  producing  outputs,  including  an  organised  workforce  with  the  necessary  skills, knowledge,  or  experience  to  perform  the  related  processes  or  they  significantly  contribute  to  the  ability  to  continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is  measured  at  fair  value,  which  is  calculated  as  the  sum  of  the  acquisition-date  fair  values  of  the  assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

For  business  combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 January 2022, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities  assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the 'Conceptual Framework') except for transactions and events within the scope of HKAS  37  or  HK(IFRIC)-Int  21,  in  which  the  Group  applies  HKAS  37  or  HK(IFRIC)-Int  21  instead  of  the  Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent assets are not recognised.

At  the  acquisition  date,  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  the  liabilities  assumed  are  recognised  at  their  fair  value, except that:

- deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;
- liabilities  or  equity  instruments  related  to  share-based  payment  arrangements  of  the  acquiree  or  share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);
- assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and
- lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)

## Business combinations (continued)

Goodwill  is  measured  as  the  excess  of  the  sum  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any  non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the  net  amount  of  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  the  liabilities  assumed  as  at  acquisition  date.  If,  after re-assessment,  the  net  amount  of  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  exceeds  the  sum  of  the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer's previously  held  interest  in  the  acquiree  (if  any),  the  excess  is  recognised  immediately  in  profit  or  loss  as  a  bargain purchase gain.

Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the relevant  subsidiary's  net  assets  in  the  event  of  liquidation  are  initially  measured  at  the  non-controlling  interests' proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets or at fair value.

When  a  business  combination  is  achieved  in  stages,  the  Group's  previously  held  equity  interest  in  the  acquiree  is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control), and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under HKAS 28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures would be accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.

## Goodwill

Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business less any accumulated impairment losses, if any.

For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units ('CGUs') (or group of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently whenever there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the  CGU  (or  group  of  CGUs)  to  which  goodwill  has  been  allocated  is  tested  for  impairment  before  the  end  of  that reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than the carrying amount of the unit, the impairment loss is  allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).

On disposal  of  the  relevant  CGU  or  any  of  the  CGU  within  the  group  of  CGUs,  the  attributable  amount  of  goodwill  is included  in  the  determination  of  the  amount  of  profit  or  loss  on  disposal.  When  the  Group  disposes  of  an  operation within the CGU (or a CGU within a group of CGUs), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the portion of the CGU (or the group of CGUs) retained.

The Group's policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Investment in associates

An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

The results and assets and liabilities of an associate are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, investment in associates are initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost, and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group's share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate.  Changes  in  net  assets  of  the  associate  other  than  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  are  not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group's share of  losses  of  an  associate  exceeds  the  Group's  interest  in  that  associate  (which  includes  any  long-term  interests  that,  in substance,  form  part  of  the  Group's  net  investment  in  the  associate),  the  Group  discontinues  recognising  its  share  of further  losses.  Additional  losses  are  recognised  only  to  the  extent  that  the  Group  has  incurred  legal  or  constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share  of  the  net  fair  value  of  the  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  investee  is  recognised  as  goodwill,  which  is included  within  the  carrying  amount  of  the  investment.  Any  excess  of  the  Group's  share  of  the  net  fair  value  of  the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity method, the Group  reclassifies  to  profit  or  loss  the  proportion  of  the  gain  or  loss  that  had  previously  been  recognised  in  other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group's consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Investment in associates (continued)

## Acquisition of additional interests in associates

Goodwill is recognised at acquisition date if there is excess of the consideration paid over the share of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional interests in associates acquired.

Any excess of share of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional interests in associates acquired over the consideration paid are recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the additional interest are acquired, net of impairment loss, if applicable.

## Revenue from contracts with customers

The  Group  recognises  revenue  when  (or  as)  a  performance  obligation  is  satisfied,  i.e.  when  'control'  of  the  goods  or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognised  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress  towards  complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's  performance  as  the Group performs;
- the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- the  Group's  performance  does  not  create  an  asset  with  an  alternative  use  to  the  Group  and  the  Group  has  an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

A  contract  asset  represents  the  Group's  right  to  consideration  in  exchange  for  goods  or  services  that  the  Group  has transferred  to  a  customer  that  is  not  yet  unconditional.  It  is  assessed  for  impairment  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  9 'Financial Instruments'. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group's unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

A contract liability represents the Group's obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

## Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation

## Output method - asset management services

The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is to  recognise  revenue  on  the  basis  of  direct  measurements  of  the  value  of  the  services  transferred  to  the  customer  to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group's performance in transferring control of services.

As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of  the  Group's  performance completed to date, the Group recognises revenue in the amount to which the Group has the right to invoice.

## Input method - tailor-made furniture

The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of the Group's efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance obligation, that best depict the Group's performance in transferring control of goods or services.

## Variable consideration

For contracts that contain variable consideration, such as management fee from asset management services, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using the most likely amount.

The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly probable  that  such  an  inclusion  will  not  result  in  a  significant  revenue  reversal  in  the  future  when  the  uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  updates  the  estimated  transaction  price  (including  updating  its assessment  of  whether  an  estimate  of  variable  consideration  is  constrained)  to  represent  faithfully  the  circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the reporting period.

## Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction price)

For  contracts  that  contain  more  than  one  performance  obligations  (sales  of  goods  and  award  credits  for  customers under the Group's customer loyalty scheme), the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

The stand-alone selling price of the distinct  good  or  service  underlying  each  performance  obligation  is  determined  at contract  inception.  It  represents  the  price  at  which  the  Group  would  sell  a  promised  good  or  service  separately  to  a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

## Principal versus agent

When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

The  Group  is  a  principal  if  it  controls  the  specified  good  or  service  before  that  good  or  service  is  transferred  to  a customer.

The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good or service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by another party before that  good  or  service  is  transferred  to  the  customer.  When  the  Group  acts  as  an  agent,  it  recognises  revenue  in  the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.

## Leases

## Definition of a lease

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

For  contracts  entered  into  or  modified  on  or  after  the  date  of  initial  application  of  HKFRS  16  or  arising  from  business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception,  modification  date  or  acquisition  date,  as  appropriate.  Such  contract  will  not  be  reassessed  unless  the  terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.

## The Group as a lessee

## Allocation of consideration to components to a lease

For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

Non-lease  components  are  separated  from  lease  component  and  are  accounted  for  by  applying  other  applicable standards.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Leases (continued)

## The Group as a lessee (continued)

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value  assets.  Lease  payments  on  short-term  leases  and  leases  of  low-value  assets  are  recognised  as  expense  on  a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

## Right-of-use assets

The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

- the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
- any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  other  than  adjustments  to  lease  liabilities  resulting  from  Covid-19-related  rent concessions in which the Group applied practical expedient.

Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

When the Group obtains ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term, the cost of the relevant right-of-use assets and the related accumulated depreciation and impairment loss are transferred to property, plant and equipment.

The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Refundable rental deposits

Refundable rental  deposits  paid  are  accounted  under  HKFRS  9  and  initially  measured  at  fair  value.  Adjustments  to  fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Leases (continued)

## The Group as a lessee (continued)

## Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement  date  of  a  lease,  the  Group  recognises  and  measures  the  lease  liability  at  the  present  value  of lease  payments  that  are  unpaid  at  that  date.  In  calculating  the  present  value  of  lease  payments,  the  Group  uses  the incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the  lease  commencement  date  if  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease  is  not  readily determinable.

The lease payments include:

- fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
- the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and
- payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to terminate the lease.

Variable  lease  payments  that  do  not  depend  on  an  index  or  a  rate  are  not  included  in  the  measurement  of  lease liabilities  and  right-of-use  assets,  and  are  recognised  as  expense  in  the  period  in  which  the  event  or  condition  that triggers the payment occurs.

After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Lease modifications

Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient, the Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

- the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and
- the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the  lease  term  of  the  modified  lease  by  discounting  the  revised  lease  payments  using  a  revised  discount  rate  at  the effective date of the modification.

The  Group  accounts  for  the  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  by  making  corresponding  adjustments  to  the  relevant right-of-use  asset.  When  the  modified  contract  contains  a  lease  component  and  one  or  more  additional  lease  or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis  of  the  relative  stand-alone  price  of  the  lease  component  and  the  aggregate  stand-alone  price  of  the  non-lease components.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Leases (continued)

## The Group as a lessee (continued)

## Covid-19-related rent concessions

In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has elected to  apply  the  practical  expedient  not  to  assess  whether  the  change  is  a  lease  modification  if  all  of  the  following conditions are met:

- the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;
- any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022; and
- there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying HKFRS 16 if the changes are not a lease modification. Forgiveness or  waiver  of  lease  payments  are  accounted  for  as  variable  lease  payments.  The  related  lease  liabilities  are  adjusted  to reflect  the  amounts  forgiven  or  waived  using  the  unchanged  discount  rates  with  a  corresponding  adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

## Foreign currencies

In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional currency  of  that  entity  (foreign  currencies)  are  recognised  at  the  rates  of  exchanges  prevailing  on  the  dates  of  the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange  differences  arising  on  the  settlement  of  monetary  items,  and  on  the  retranslation  of  monetary  items,  are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

For  the  purposes  of  presenting  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group's  foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Hong Kong dollars) at the rates of exchanges prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Income and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions  are  used.  Exchange  differences  arising,  if  any,  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  and accumulated in equity under the heading of the translation reserve.

On the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that  necessarily  take  a  substantial  period  of  time  to  get  ready  for  their  intended  use  or  sale,  are  added  to  the  cost  of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## Government grants

Government  grants  are  not  recognised  until  there  is  reasonable  assurance  that  the  Group  will  comply  with  the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.

Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss  in  the  period  in  which  they  become  receivable.  Government  grants  relating  to  compensation  of  expenses  are deducted from the related expenses, other government grants are presented under 'other income'.

## Retirement benefit costs

Payments  to  defined  contribution  plans  including  state-managed  benefit  scheme  and  the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund Scheme ('MPF  Scheme')  are  recognised  as  an  expense  when  employees  have  rendered  service  entitling  them  to  the contributions.

## Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from loss before taxation because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible.  The  Group's  liability  for  current  tax  is  calculated  using  tax  rates  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  in  the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for  all  deductible  temporary  differences  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profits  will  be  available  against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities  in  a  transaction  that  affects  neither  the  taxable  profit  nor  the  accounting  profit.  In  addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary  difference  will  not  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future.  Deferred  tax  assets  arising  from  deductible  temporary differences  associated  with  such  investments  are  only  recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  there  will  be sufficient  taxable  profits  against  which  to  utilise  the  benefits  of  the  temporary  differences  and  they  are  expected  to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  at  the  tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  apply  in  the  period  in  which  the liability  is  settled  or  the  asset  is  realised,  based  on  tax  rate  (and  tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

Current  and  deferred  tax  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  except  when  it  relates  to  items  that  are  recognised  in  other comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity,  in  which  case  the  current  and  deferred  tax  is  also  recognised  in  other comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity  respectively.  Where  current  tax  or  deferred  tax  arises  from  the  initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Property and equipment

Property and equipment held for use in supply of goods or services, or for administrative purpose are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property and equipment less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An item of property and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

## Intangible assets

## Intangible assets acquired separately

Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated amortisation and  any  accumulated  impairment  losses.  Amortisation  for  intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  is  provided  on  a straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated  useful  lives.  The  estimated  useful  life  and  amortisation  method  are  reviewed  at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible  assets  with  indefinite  useful  lives  that  are  acquired  separately  are  carried  at  cost  less  any  subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

## Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their costs).

Subsequent to initial  recognition,  intangible  assets  acquired  in  a  business  combination  with  indefinite  useful  lives  are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset,  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  when  the  asset  is derecognised.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Impairment losses on property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than goodwill

At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine  the  extent  of  the  impairment  loss,  if  any.  Intangible  assets  with  indefinite  useful  lives  are  tested  for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

The recoverable amount of property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

In  testing a CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation  basis  can  be  established.  The  recoverable  amount  is  determined  for  the CGU or group of CGUs to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash- generating unit or group of CGUs.

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  In  assessing  value  in  use,  the estimated  future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that  reflects  current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the  asset  (or  a  CGU)  is  reduced  to  its  recoverable  amount.  For  corporate  assets  or  portion  of  corporate  assets  which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of CGUs,  with  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  group  of  CGUs.  In  allocating  the  impairment  loss,  the  impairment  loss  is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Where  an  impairment  loss  subsequently  reverses,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  (or  a  CGU  or  a  group  of  CGUs)  is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a CGU or a group of CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Cash and cash equivalents

Bank balances (general accounts) and cash presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

- (a) cash,  which  comprises  of  cash  on  hand  and  demand  deposits,  excluding  bank  balances  that  are  subject  to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and
- (b) cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

For  the  purposes  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  consist  of  bank  balances (general  accounts)  and  cash  as  defined  above.  Bank  balances  held  under  trust  and  segregated  accounts  are  excluded from the Group's cash and cash equivalents and presented under operating activities.

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a weighted average  method.  Net  realisable  value  represents  the  estimated  selling  price  for  inventories  less  all  estimated  costs  of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

## Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  taking  into  account  the  risks  and  uncertainties  surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Provisions (continued)

## Restoration provisions

Provisions for the costs to restore leased assets to their original condition, as required by the terms and conditions of the lease, are recognised at the date of inception of the lease at the directors' best estimate of the expenditure that would be required to restore the assets. Estimates are regularly reviewed and adjusted as appropriate for new circumstances.

## Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value  except  for  accounts  receivable  arising  from contracts  with  customers  which  are  initially  measured  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  15  'Revenue  from  contracts  with customers'.  Transaction  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of  financial  assets  and  financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of allocating  interest  income  and  interest  expense  over  the  relevant  period.  The  effective  interest  rate  is  the  rate  that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

## Financial assets

## Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

## Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)

All  other  financial  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  FVTPL,  except  that  at  initial  recognition  of  a  financial  asset  the Group  may  irrevocably  elect  to  present  subsequent  changes  in  fair  value  of  an  equity  investment  in  other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 'Business Combinations' applies.

A financial asset is held for trading if:

- it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
- on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

## (i) Amortised cost and interest income

Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest  method  for  financial  assets  measured  subsequently  at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a  financial  asset,  except  for  financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired  (see  below).  For financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on  the  credit-impaired  financial  instrument  improves  so  that  the  financial  asset  is  no  longer  credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset  from  the  beginning  of  the  reporting  period  following  the  determination  that  the  asset  is  no  longer credit-impaired.

## (ii) Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of  the  equity  investments,  and  will  be  transferred  to  accumulated  losses.  Dividends  from  these  investments  in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group's right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the 'other income' line item in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)

- (iii) Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the 'other gains and losses' line item.

## Impairment of financial assets

The  Group  performs  impairment  assessment  under  expected  credit  loss  ('ECL')  model  on  financial  assets  (including accounts  receivable  arising  from  retailing  business  and  financial  services,  loans  receivable,  receivables  from  securities brokers,  other  receivables  and  deposits,  pledged  bank  deposits  and  bank  balances  and  cash)  which  are  subject  to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The assessment of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime  ECL  represents  the  ECL  that  will  result  from  all  possible  default  events  over  the  expected  life  of  the  relevant instrument.  In  contrast,  12-month  ECL  represents  the  portion  of  lifetime  ECL  that  is  expected  to  result  from  default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group's historical credit  loss  experience,  adjusted  for  factors  that  are  specific  to  the  debtors,  general  economic  conditions  and  an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

The  Group  always  recognises  lifetime  ECL  for  accounts  receivable  arising  from  retailing  business,  contract  assets  and commission receivable from brokerage of general and life insurance, mutual funds and MPF products. The ECL on these assets are assessed based on the Group's historical default rates or default rates by reference to the probability of default, loss given default over the expected life and is adjusted for forward-looking estimates and are assessed individually for each debtor.

For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12-month ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

- (i) Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and  supportable,  including  historical  experience  and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

Impairment of financial assets (continued)

- (i) Significant increase in credit risk (continued)

In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly:

- a. an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if available) or internal credit rating;
- b. significant  deterioration  in  external  market  indicators  of  credit  risk,  e.g.  a  significant  increase  in  the  credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
- c. existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- d. an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
- e. an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the  credit  risk  has  increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase  in  credit  risk  and  revises  them  as  appropriate  to  ensure  that  the  criteria  are  capable  of  identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

## (ii) Definition of default

For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective  of  the  above,  the  Group  considers  that  default  has  occurred  when  a  financial  asset  is  more  than  90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

Impairment of financial assets (continued)

- (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

A  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  of  default  that  have  a  detrimental  impact  on  the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

- significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- the  lender(s)  of  the  borrower,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the  borrower's  financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or
- it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

## (iv) Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the  counterparty  is  in  severe financial  difficulty  and  there  is  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery,  for  example,  when  the  counterparty  has  been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of accounts receivable arising from retailing business, when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written  off  may  still  be  subject  to  enforcement  activities  under  the  Group's  recovery  procedures,  taking  into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

- (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is  based  on  historical  data  and  forward-looking  information.  Estimation  of  ECL  reflects  an  unbiased  and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  to  the  Group  in  accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

Impairment of financial assets (continued)

- (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL (continued)

Lifetime ECL for contract assets and accounts receivable except for those from margin clients are considered on a collective  basis  taking  into  consideration  past  due  information  and  relevant  credit  information  such  as  forward looking macroeconomic information.

For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when formulating the grouping:

- Nature of financial instruments;
- Loan to collateral value ratio;
- Past-due status; and
- External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit  or  loss  for  all  financial  instruments  by  adjusting  their carrying  amount  with  the  exception  of  accounts  receivable  arising  from  retailing  business  and  loans  receivable where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire.

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated losses.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

Repurchase of the Company's own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company's own equity instruments.

## Financial liabilities

All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVTPL.

- (i) Financial liabilities at FVTPL arising from consolidated investment funds

A financial instrument that gives the holder the right to put it back to the Group for cash or another financial asset (a 'puttable instrument') is a financial liability. The financial instrument is a financial liability even when the amount of cash or other financial assets is determined on the basis that has the potential to increase or decrease.

Net  assets  attributable  to  holders  of  consolidated  investment  funds  are  determined  based  on  the  attributable shares  or  units  of  the  residual  assets  of  the  consolidated  investment  fund  after  deducting  the  consolidated investment fund's other liabilities. The holders have the right to put their attributable shares to the fund for cash with no cause.

Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss is included in the 'other gains and losses' line item.

As at the end of the reporting period, such financial liability of net assets attributable to holders of non-controlling interests in consolidated investment funds is presented as 'financial liabilities arising from consolidated investment funds' in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity (continued)

## Financial liabilities (continued)

- (ii) Financial liabilities at amortised cost

Financial liabilities  (including accounts payable, other payables, amount due to an associate and borrowings) are subsequently measured at amortised, cost using the effective interest method.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

## Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability

A  financial  asset  and  a  financial  liability  are  offset  and  the  net  amount  is  presented  in  the  consolidated  statement  of financial  position  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group  currently  has  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  set  off  the  recognised amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously

## Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

## Share options granted to employees of the Group for their services to the Group

The fair value of services received in exchange for the grant of the share options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of share options granted at the grant date without taking into account any service and non-market performance vesting conditions. Services and non-market performance vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of share options that are expected to vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied, with a corresponding increase in equity (share option reserve).

At the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of share options that are expected to ultimately  vest.  The  impact  of  the  revision  of  the  original  estimates  during  the  vesting  period,  if  any,  is  recognised  in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimates, with a corresponding adjustment to share option reserve.

When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after  the  vesting  date  or  are  still  not  exercised  at  the  expiry  date,  the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to accumulated losses.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity (continued)

## Share options granted to non-employees

Equity-settled share-based payment transactions with parties other than employees are measured at the fair value of the goods or services received, except where that fair value cannot be estimated reliably, in which case they are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted, measured at the date the entity obtains the goods or the counterparty renders the service.  The  fair  values  of  the  goods  or  services  received  are  recognised  as  expenses  (unless  the  goods  or services qualify for recognition as assets).

In case of share options granted by a subsidiary, the share options reserve of the subsidiary is classified as and grouped under non-controlling interests by the Group on consolidation. At the time when the share options are exercised, the amount  previously  recognised  in  share  options  reserve  will  be  transferred  to  share  premium  of  that  subsidiary.  The Group will account for the dilution as an equity transaction if the exercise of share options does not constitute a loss of the  Group's  control  over  that  subsidiary.  When  the  share  options  are  forfeited  after  the  vesting  date  or  are  still  not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share options reserve will be transferred to retained profits of the Group and non-controlling interests' share of net assets of that subsidiary according to the proportion of interests held by the Group and non-controlling shareholders on consolidation.

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In  the  application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  ongoing  basis.  Revisions  to  accounting  estimates  are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

## Critical judgments in applying accounting policies

The  following  are  the  critical  judgments,  apart  from  those  involving  estimations  (see  below),  that  the  directors  of  the Company  have  made  in  the  process  of  applying  the  Group's  accounting  policies  and  that  have  the  most  significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

## Determination on lease term of contracts with renewal options

The Group applies judgment to determine the lease term for lease contracts in which it is a lease that include renewal option, specifically, the leases relating to certain retail stores. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the  non-cancellable  period,  the  Group  applies  the  definition  of  a  contract  and  determines  the  period  for  which  the contract is enforceable.

The assessment of whether the Group is reasonably certain to exercise renewal options impacts the lease term, which significantly affects the amount of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets recognised. Re-assessment is performed upon the occurrence of either a significant event or a significant change in circumstances that is within the control of lessee and that affects the assessment.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)

## Critical judgments in applying accounting policies (continued)

## Determination on lease term of contracts with renewal options (continued)

When  assessing  reasonable  certainty,  the  Group  considers  all  relevant  facts  and  circumstances  including  economic incentives/penalties for exercising or not exercising the options. Factors considered include:

- contractual terms and conditions for the optional periods compared with market rates;
- the extent of leasehold improvements undertaken by Group; and
- costs  relating  to  termination  of  the  lease  (e.g.  relocation  costs  and  costs  of  identifying  another  underlying  asset suitable for the Group's needs).

As at 31 December 2022, the potential exposures to future lease payments for extension options in which the Group is not  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  was  approximately  HK$51,471,000  (2021:  HK$56,942,000).  Details  of  the  extension options are detailed in note 17.

## Determination of consolidation of investment funds

The  Group  set  up  certain  investment  funds  in  which  the  Group  is  a  general  partner  and  also  the  fund  manager.  The relevant activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements and the Group, acts as the fund manager, has the power and authority to make decisions.

All facts and circumstances are taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, as an investor, controls the  investment  funds.  The  principle  of  control  sets  out  the  following  three  elements  of  control:  (a)  power  over  the investment funds; (b) exposure, or rights,  to  variable  returns  from  involvement  with  the  investment  funds;  and  (c)  the ability to use power over the investment funds to affect the amount of the investor's returns.

The Group's initial assessment of control or its status as a principal or an agent would not change simply because of a change in market conditions (e.g. a change in the investee's returns driven by market conditions), unless the change in market conditions changes one or more of the three elements of control listed above or changes the overall relationship between a principal and an agent.

For these investment funds, the Group assesses whether (i) there are any other holders in these investment funds which have  practical  ability  to  remove  the  Group,  and  prevent  the  Group  to  direct  the  relevant  activities  of  the  investment funds; and (ii) the combination of investments it held together with its remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the investment funds that is of such significance that it indicates the Group is a principal.

As at 31 December 2022, the directors of the Company concluded that the Group had control over one (2021: two) of the  investments  funds  and  acted  as  agent  for  the  remaining  investment  funds.  Details  of  these  investment  funds  are disclosed in notes 26 and 29.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have significant risks of causing material adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

## Impairment assessment under ECL model for accounts receivable arising from margin financing

The  impairment  assessment  under  ECL  model  for  accounts  receivable  arising  from  margin  financing  is  an  area  that requires the use of models and management assumptions about future economic conditions and the credit risk of the margin clients.

In applying the accounting requirements for measuring ECL, the management involves significant judgements, estimates and assumptions to determine criteria for significant increase in credit risk, select appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL and consider the forward-looking scenarios.

## Inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques

ECL  of  accounts  receivable  arising  from  margin  financing  is  measured  by  the  Group  on  either  a  12-month  or  lifetime basis  depending on whether they are in Stage 1, 2 (credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition) or 3 (credit-impaired) as defined in note 38. In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial asset has significantly increased, the  Group  considered  the  historical  trend  in  Loan-to-Value  ('LTV')  ratio  as  well  as  qualitatively  and  quantitatively reasonable and supportable forward-looking information available without undue cost or effort. ECL is the discounted product of expected future cash flows by using the Probability of Default ('PD'), Loss Given Default ('LGD') and Exposure at Default ('EAD'), of which PD and LGD are based on significant management judgement and estimates. For non-credit impaired accounts receivable arising from margin financing, the management performed collective assessment and ECL are estimated on a portfolio basis based on the Group's historical default and loss data and adjusted for forward-looking factors  that  are  available  without  undue  cost  or  effort.  For  credit-impaired  accounts  receivable  arising  from  margin financing, the management performed individual assessment for each client by considering various factors, including the realisable value of securities or collaterals held by the Group.

## Forward-looking information

The calculation of ECL considers forward-looking information through the use of publicly available economic data and forecasts  and  management  judgement  to  reflect  the  qualitative  factors  and  through  the  use  of  multiple  probability weighted scenarios of the market performance. Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by the market volatility, the Group has increased the PD in the current year as there is higher risk that a significant market volatility could led to increased credit default rates. Details of the impairment assessment of accounts receivable arising from margin financing are disclosed in note 38.

## Income taxes

No  deferred  tax  asset  was  recognised  in  the  Group's  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  in  relation  to  the estimated  unused  tax  losses  of  approximately  HK$1,457,216,000  (2021:  HK$854,068,000)  and  deductible  temporary differences  of  HK$100,433,000  (2021:  HK$67,211,000).  The  realisability  of  the  deferred  tax  asset  mainly  depends  on whether sufficient future profits or taxable temporary differences will be available in the future, which is a key source of estimation uncertainty especially the uncertainty on how the market volatility may progress and evolve. In case where the  actual  future  profits  generated  are  more  than  expected,  recognition  of  deferred  tax  asset  in  relation  to  estimated unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences may arise, which would be recognised in the profit or loss for the period in which such a recognition takes place.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

## Fair value of financial assets at FVTOCI

The  Group  holds  financial  instruments  that  are  not  listed  and  are  not  traded  in  active  markets.  The  Group  employs valuation  methods  and  makes  assumptions  that  are  based  on  market  conditions  as  at  the  reporting  date.  These investments are valued by independent external valuation specialists based on generally accepted valuation models. The model may employ observable data where available and to the extent practicable.  However,  the  model  may  also  use unobservable  data  such  as  the  discount  rate  for  lack  of  marketability  and  discount  rate,  the  determination  of  these unobservable inputs and other assumptions used in the model may involve subjective judgement and estimates.

Whilst the Group considers these valuations are the best estimates, the ongoing market volatility may cause uncertainty to the investees' businesses, which have led to higher degree of uncertainties in respect of the valuations in the current year.  Changes  in  assumptions  or  inputs  could  affect  the  reported  fair  values  of  these  instruments.  Details  of  valuation methodologies or inputs are set out in note 38 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Estimated impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite life

Determining  whether  goodwill  and  intangible  assets  with  indefinite  life  are  impaired  requires  an  estimation  of recoverable  amounts  of  relevant  intangible  assets  and  the  respective  group  of  CGUs  in  which  the  goodwill  and intangible assets with indefinite life have been allocated, which is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal.  The  management  of  the  Group  estimates  the  value  in  use  using  the  present  value  of  the  future  cash  flows expected to arise from the group of CGUs based on the cash flows from operations, taking into account revenue growth rates,  gross  margin  and  long  term  growth  rate  used  in  the  cash  flow  projections  and  a  suitable  discount  rate  by reference to comparable companies. The discount rate reflects current market assessments of time value of money and the  risks  specific  to  the  asset  or  the  group  of  CGUs  for  which  the  future  cash  flow  estimates  have  not  been  adjusted. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected or there is a downward revision of future estimated cash flows due to unfavourable changes in facts and circumstances, a material impairment loss may arise.

Furthermore, the revenue growth rate and discount rate are subject to higher degree of estimation uncertainties in the current year due to uncertainty on how the market volatility may progress and evolve, including potential disruptions of the Group's retail operations. Details of the recoverable amount calculation of the group of CGUs are disclosed in note 20.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 5. REVENUE

## (i) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Types of goods or service  Sales of furniture and household goods  997,004  1,130,420  Sales of electrical appliances  131,448  146,629  Sales of tailor-made furniture  70,855  84,979  Revenue from retailing segment  1,199,307  1,362,028  Management fee from asset management services  4,334  6,038  Broking and wealth management services  7,246  -  1,210,887  1,368,066  Timing of revenue recognition  A point in time  1,135,698  1,277,049  Over time  75,189  91,017  1,210,887  1,368,066  Geographical market  Hong Kong  1,206,553  1,362,028  The People's Republic of China (the 'PRC')  4,334  6,038  1,210,887  1,368,066   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers

## Sales of furniture and household goods and electronic appliances

The Group makes sales transactions of furniture and household goods and electronic appliances with customers both through its own retail stores directly and through internet sales.

For  sales  of  furniture  and  household  goods  and  electronic  appliances  to  retail  customers,  revenue  is  recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being at the point the customer purchased and took the goods at the retail stores directly or being when the goods have been transported to the customers' specific location (delivery). Transportation and other related activities that occur before customers obtain control of the related products are considered as fulfilment activities. Payment of the transaction price is due immediately at the point the customer purchases the goods in the retail stores, except for corporate customers that the Group allows an average credit period of 30 days for their accounts receivable. The transaction price received by the Group for goods that require delivery is recognised as a contract liability until the goods have been delivered to the customer.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 5. REVENUE (continued)

## (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers (continued)

## Sales of furniture and household goods and electronic appliances (continued)

For internet sales, revenue is recognised when control of the goods has transferred to the customer, being at the point  the  goods  are  delivered  to  the  customer.  Delivery  occurs  when  the  goods  have  been  transported  to  the customer's  specific  location.  Transportation  and  other  related  activities  that  incurred  before  customers  obtain control  of  the  related  products  are  considered  as  fulfilment  activities.  When  the  customer  initially  purchases  the goods  online,  the  transaction  price  is  due  immediately  and  amount  received  by  the  Group  is  recognised  as  a contract liability until the goods have been delivered to the customer.

## Sales of tailor-made furniture

The Group makes sales transactions of tailor-made furniture through its own retail stores.

Revenue are recognised over time as the Group does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the  Group  has  an  enforceable  right  to  payment  for  performance  completed  to  date.  Revenue  is  recognised  for these tailor-made orders based on the stage of completion of the contract using input method.

The Group requires customers to provide full amount of upfront payments. When the Group receives the advance payments in the retail  stores,  this  will  give  rise  to  contract  liabilities  at  the  start  of  a  contract,  until  the  revenue recognised on the specific contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

## Customer loyalty programme

The Group operates a customer loyalty programme for sales through the Group's retail stores and internet sales where  retail  customer  award  points  for  purchases  made  which  entitle  them  to  redeem  award  points  as  sales discounts  in  the  future.  The  transaction  price  is  allocated  to  the  product  and  the  award  points  on  a  relative stand-alone selling price basis. The customer loyalty award points expire every year and customers can redeem the award points any time before the specified expiration date. Revenue from the award points is recognised when the award points are redeemed or expired. Contract liabilities are recognised until the award points are redeemed or expired. The sales discounts is recognised and net to the revenue.

## Asset management services

Asset management services to non-consolidated investment funds are recognised over time as the Group provides asset management services. The asset management income is charged at (1) a fixed percentage per annum of the asset  value  under  management  of  the  Group  on  a  daily  basis;  and  (2)  a  variable  consideration  when  pre-set performance target for the relevant performance period is met. The variable consideration is recognised when it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the revenue recognised will not occur when the performance target is evaluated on a quarterly basis for each of the funds. Fixed management fee is normally due monthly or quarterly while the variable consideration is normally due quarterly.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 5. REVENUE (continued)

## (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers (continued)

## Broking services

The Group provides broking services to customers on securities, futures and options trading. Commission income from broking services is determined at a certain percentage of the transaction value of the trades executed and is recognised  as  income  on  the  date  the  trades  are  executed.  Normal  settlement  terms  are  one  or  two  days  after trade date, unless specifically agreed with counterparties.

## Wealth management services

The  Group  provides  placement  services  for  general  and  life  insurances,  mutual  funds  and  MPF  products  to customers. Revenue is recognised at a point in time when the placement is successful. Revenue is calculated at a certain  percentage  of  the  premium  receivable  for  certain  period  of  the  mutual  funds  and  insurance-linked investment products, subject to constraints on variable consideration. The Group receives a certain percentage of the  premium  paid  for  a  certain  period  over  the  life  of  the  underlying  products  after  satisfying  its  performance obligation, depending on the payment terms of the products. The Group has considered the effects of financing component on the consideration as insignificant.

## (iii) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, contracts with customers with unsatisfied performance obligations, including customer loyalty award points, have original expected durations of one year or less. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction prices allocated to these unsatisfied contracts or customer loyalty programmes are not disclosed.

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

## Segment information

Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision makers ('CODM'), for the  purposes of resources allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods delivered or services provided, except for the business operations of CFSG, which was acquired during the year and is assessed by the CODM as a separate operating segment.

Specifically, the Group's operating and reportable segments are as follows:

| Retailing Asset Management Financial Services  Sales of furniture and household goods and electrical appliances  Provision of asset management services to the fund investors Provision of broking, investment banking and wealth management services under the business operations of CFSG   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Segment revenue and results

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue and results by operating and reportable segments:

## For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Asset  Financial  Retailing  Management  Services  Consolidated  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  1,199,307  4,447  7,133  1,210,887  Segment (loss) profit  (13,033)  13,814  (7,779)  (6,998)  Unallocated other income  5,523  Unallocated gains and losses  20,844  Corporate expenses  (34,232)  Share of loss of associates  (25,984)  Unallocated finance costs  (3,888)  Loss before taxation  (44,735)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 December 2021

| Asset  Retailing  Management  Consolidated  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  1,362,028  6,038  1,368,066  Segment profit  13,267  2,317  15,584  Unallocated other income  2,149  Unallocated gains and losses  (5,470)  Corporate expenses  (31,684)  Share of loss of associates  (19,671)  Unallocated finance costs  (749)  Loss before taxation  (39,841)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All the segment revenue is derived from external customers.

Segment result represents the profit earned/loss incurred by each segment without allocation of certain other income, gains and losses, corporate expenses, share of loss of associates and certain finance costs. This is the measure reported to the executive directors of the Company for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Segment assets and liabilities

The following is an analysis of the Group's assets and liabilities by operating and reportable segment:

## As at 31 December 2022

| Asset  Financial  Retailing  Management  Services  Consolidated  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS  Segment assets  519,751  126,559  1,037,343  1,683,653  Unallocated property and equipment  159  Unallocated right-of-use assets  16,516  Tax recoverable  4,297  Deferred tax asset  5,450  Loans receivable  12,194  Unallocated financial assets at FVTPL  4,812  Unallocated prepayments, deposits  and other receivables  51,672  Unallocated bank balances and cash  7,789  Total assets  1,786,542  LIABILITIES  Segment liabilities  599,647  26,422  644,119  1,270,188  Unallocated accrued liabilities  and other payables  52,651  Taxation payable  7,636  Deferred tax liabilities  6,825  Unallocated lease liabilities  31,107  Unallocated borrowings  126,861  Total liabilities  1,495,268   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Segment assets and liabilities (continued)

As at 31 December 2021

| Asset  Retailing  Management  Consolidated  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS  Segment assets  664,938  63,592  728,530  Unallocated property and equipment  147  Unallocated right-of-use assets  8,307  Interests in associates  183,535  Tax recoverable  4,234  Deferred tax assets  5,450  Loans receivable  1,500  Unallocated financial assets at FVTPL  7,668  Unallocated prepayments, deposits and other receivables  54,232  Unallocated pledged bank deposits  416  Unallocated bank balances and cash  17,944  Total assets  1,011,963  LIABILITIES  Segment liabilities  707,625  9,751  717,376  Unallocated accrued liabilities and other payables  21,005  Amount due to an associate  1,001  Taxation payable  14,338  Deferred tax liabilities  6,825  Unallocated lease liabilities  8,549  Unallocated borrowings  40,175  Total liabilities  809,269   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

- all  assets  are  allocated  to  the  reportable  and  operating  segment  other  than  certain  property  and  equipment, certain  right-of-use  assets,  interests  in  associates,  tax  recoverable,  deferred  tax  assets,  loans  receivable,  certain financial assets at FVTPL, certain prepayments, deposits and other receivables, certain pledged bank deposits and certain bank balances and cash; and
- all  liabilities  are  allocated  to  reportable  and  operating  segment  other  than  certain  accrued  liabilities  and  other payables, amount due to an associate, taxation payable, deferred tax liabilities, certain borrowings and certain lease liabilities.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Other segment information

## For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Asset  Financial  Retailing  Management  Services  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts included in the measure of  segment profit or loss or segment assets:  Additions of property and equipment  28,948  178  1,493  4  30,623  Additions of right-of-use assets  114,460  3,389  124  16,017  133,990  Interest income  1,708  350  -  -  2,058  Depreciation of property and equipment  22,256  12  1,409  65  23,742  Depreciation of right-of-use assets and  related rent concessions  128,746  1,280  989  7,293  138,308  Finance costs  15,170  115  1,582  3,888  20,755  Net (gain) loss on financial assets/liabilities at FVTPL  -  (43,072)  (9,366)  9,052  (43,386)  Write-down on inventories  3,587  -  -  -  3,587  Loss on disposal/write-off of property and equipment  746  -  -  -  746   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 December 2021

| Asset  Retailing  Management  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts included in the measure of  segment profit or loss or segment assets:  Additions of property and equipment  6,538  111  6  6,655  Additions of right-of-use assets  83,773  1,450  1,263  86,486  Interest income  1,708  190  86  1,984  Depreciation of property and equipment  17,883  88  49  18,020  Depreciation of right-of-use assets and related rent  concessions  139,256  768  9,441  149,465  Finance costs  16,197  49  749  16,995  Net (gain) loss on financial assets/liabilities at FVTPL  -  (23,913)  12,878  (11,035)  Write-down on inventories  5,801  -  -  5,801  Loss on disposal/write-off of property and equipment  1,364  -  -  1,364   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Revenue from major products and services

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue from its major products and services:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Sales of furniture and household goods  1,067,859  1,215,399  Sales of electrical appliances  131,448  146,629  Broking and wealth management services  7,246  -  Management fee from asset management services  - Fixed  1,495  1,677  - Variable  2,839  4,361  1,210,887  1,368,066   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Geographical information

The Group's operations are located in Hong Kong and the PRC.

The Group's segment revenue from external customers determined based on location of the group entities' operations and information about its non-current assets (excluding financial assets, financial instruments and deferred tax assets) by geographical location of the assets are detailed below:

| Revenue  Non-current assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  1,206,553  1,362,028  328,272  478,846  PRC  4,334  6,038  4,654  2,016  1,210,887  1,368,066  332,926  480,862   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No customers individually contributed over 10% of the Group's revenue during both years.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 7. OTHER INCOME, OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other income  Dividends from financial assets at FVTPL  122  142  Interest income from banks and loans receivable  671  291  Interest income from rental deposits  1,387  1,693  Sundry income (Note)  13,421  11,089  15,601  13,215   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Sundry income mainly represented the rebates from the suppliers or services providers.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other gains and losses  Net gain on financial assets at FVTPL  43,386  11,188  Net loss on remeasurement of liabilities arising from investment funds  -  (153)  Loss on disposal/write-off of property and equipment  (746)  (1,364)  Net gain on deemed disposal of associates and acquisition of subsidiary (Note 36)  22,585  -  Impairment loss recognised on interests in an associate  -  (2,850)  Net foreign exchange gain  436  521  65,661  7,342   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. SALARIES, ALLOWANCES AND RELATED BENEFITS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries, allowances and related benefits represent the amounts paid  and payable to the directors of the Company and employees comprises of:  Salaries and allowances  168,761  158,359  Sales commission  20,207  27,947  Contributions to retirement benefits schemes  7,819  7,202  Share-based payments  2,224  2,224  199,011  195,732   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 December 2022, government grants in respect of the Employment Support Scheme launched by the  Hong  Kong  SAR  government  of  approximately  HK$15,243,000  (2021:  nil)  have  been  offset  against  salaries  and allowances.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 9. FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on:  - bank borrowings  9,513  6,198  - lease liabilities  8,815  10,622  - loan from a related party  2,427  175  20,755  16,995   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.  OTHER OPERATING, ADMINISTRATIVE AND SELLING EXPENSES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Auditor's remuneration  2,000  2,000  Handling expenses for securities dealing  3,194  5,817  Advertising and promotion expenses  31,987  27,368  Utilities expenses  22,583  22,554  Telecommunication expenses  6,743  4,622  Repair and maintenance expenses  6,670  6,986  Printing and stationery expenses  2,551  3,225  Licence and registration fee  12,653  10,430  Legal and professional fees  9,869  15,010  Travelling and entertainment expenses  12,009  12,867  Other selling and distribution expenses  56,465  58,168  Expenses relating to short-term and low-value leases  3,027  6,472  Variable lease payments  4,773  4,269  Rates and building management fee  44,458  41,397  Insurance  3,075  3,532  Others  15,594  10,126  237,651  234,843   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 11.  DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND EMPLOYEES' REMUNERATION

## Directors' and chief executive's remuneration

Directors' and chief executive's remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules and Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:

| Executive directors  Independent non-executive directors  Kwan  Leung  Li  Kwan  Leung  Pak Hoo  Siu Pong  Shing Wai  Teng Hin  Ka Kui  Chan  Wong  Bankee  James  Lewis  Jeffrey  Johnny  Hak Sin  Chuk Yan  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note (1))  2022  Fee  -  -  -  -  150  150  -  300  Other remuneration:  Salaries and allowances  2,650  1,680  1,008  670  -  -  -  6,008  Contributions to retirement benefits scheme  21  36  18  21  -  -  -  96  Share-based payments  556  556  556  556  -  -  -  2,224  Total remuneration  3,227  2,272  1,582  1,247  150  150  -  8,628  Executive directors  Independent non-executive directors  Kwan  Leung  Li  Kwan  Leung  Pak Hoo  Siu Pong  Shing Wai  Teng Hin  Ka Kui  Chan  Wong  Bankee  James  Lewis  Jeffrey  Johnny  Hak Sin  Chuk Yan  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note (1))  2021  Fee  -  -  -  -  150  150  -  300  Other remuneration:  Salaries and allowances  2,400  1,800  600  840  -  -  -  5,640  Contributions to retirement benefits scheme  18  18  18  18  -  -  -  72  Share-based payments  556  556  556  556  -  -  -  2,224  Total remuneration  2,974  2,374  1,174  1,414  150  150  -  8,236   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(1) Dr Kwan Pak Hoo Bankee is also the Company's chief executive and his remunerations disclosed above include those for services rendered by him as chief executive.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 11.  DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND EMPLOYEES' REMUNERATION (continued)

## Directors' and chief executive's remuneration (continued)

The emoluments of executive directors are for their services  in  connection  with  the  management  of  the  affairs  of  the Company and the Group. The emoluments of independent non-executive directors are for their services as directors of the Company.

During both years, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors of the Company as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the years.

The performance related bonuses (if any) of executive directors are based on the review and recommendation from the remuneration  committee  of  the  Company  with  reference  to  the  performance  in  discharging  their  duties  and responsibilities within the Group, the Group's performance and prevailing market situation.

## Employees' remuneration

The  five  highest  paid  employees  of  the  Group  during  the  year  included  two  directors  (2021:  two  directors),  details  of whose remuneration are set out in the disclosures above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three (2021: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries and allowances  2,672  3,383  Performance related bonus (Note)  2,960  446  Contributions to retirement benefits scheme  51  54  5,683  3,883   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The performance related bonus are based on the performance of individuals and market trends.

The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

| Number of employees  2022  2021  HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000  -  -  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  1  3  HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000  1  -  HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000  1  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 12.  INCOME TAX (CREDIT) EXPENSE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current tax:  - Hong Kong Profits Tax  166  3,505  - PRC Enterprise Income Tax  47  97  Overprovisions in prior years  (9,699)  (176)  (9,486)  3,426   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at  8.25%,  and  profits  above  HK$2  million  will  be  taxed  at  16.5%.  Accordingly,  the  Hong  Kong  Profits  Tax  of  qualifying entity is calculated at 8.25% on the first HK$2 million of the estimated assessable profits and at 16.5% on the estimated assessable  profits  above  HK$2  million.  The  profits  of  group  entities  not  qualifying  for  the  two-tiered  profits  tax  rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

Under the Law of the People's Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax ('EIT Law') and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.

The  income  tax  (credit)  expense  for  the  year  can  be  reconciled  to  the  loss  before  taxation  per  the  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss before taxation  (44,735)  (39,841)  Tax at domestic income tax rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%)  (7,381)  (6,574)  Tax effect of share of loss of associates  4,287  3,246  Overprovisions in prior years  (9,699)  (176)  Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose  12,281  4,868  Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose  (15,179)  (3,717)  Tax effect of deductible temporary difference not recognised  252  922  Tax effect of utilisation of deductible temporary  difference previously not recognised  (1,212)  (475)  Tax effect of estimated tax losses not recognised  9,003  5,865  Tax effect of utilisation of estimated tax losses previously not recognised  (1,818)  (396)  Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in an other jurisdiction  -  16  Tax effect on two-tiered tax rate  (165)  (165)  Others  145  12  Income tax (credit) expense  (9,486)  3,426   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 13.  LOSS FOR THE YEAR

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):  Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 17)  148,642  161,165  Covid-19-related rent concessions (note 17)  (10,334)  (11,700)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets and related rent concessions  138,308  149,465  Cost of inventories in retailing business (including write-down of  inventories of HK$3,587,000 (2021: HK$5,801,000))  691,433  793,738   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.  LOSS PER SHARE

The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss  Loss for the purposes of basic and diluted loss per share  (33,641)  (43,050)  '000  '000  Number of shares  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the  purpose of basic loss per share  80,720  80,720   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The incremental shares from assumed exercise of share options granted by the Company are excluded in calculating the diluted loss per share during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 because they are antidilutive in calculating the diluted loss per share.

The effect of assumed exercise of share options granted by CFSG are excluded in calculating the diluted loss per share for years of 2022 and 2021 because they are antidilutive.

## 15.  DIVIDENDS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company recognised  as distribution during the year:  2021 - HK15 cents per share (2020 - HK25 cents per share)  12,108  20,180   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No dividend  was  paid  or  proposed  during  2022,  nor  has  any  dividend  been  proposed  since  the  end  of  the  reporting period. A dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 of HK15 cents (2020: HK25 cents) per ordinary share, in an aggregate amount of HK$12,108,000 (2020: HK$20,180,000), had been proposed by the directors of the Company and was approved by the shareholders in the general meeting.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 16.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

| Furniture,  Leasehold  fixtures and  Motor  improvements  equipment  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At 1 January 2021  112,023  22,417  3,311  137,751  Additions  2,715  3,940  -  6,655  Disposals/written off  (12,410)  (5,259)  -  (17,669)  Exchange adjustments  -  15  -  15  At 31 December 2021  102,328  21,113  3,311  126,752  Additions  18,424  11,363  836  30,623  Acquisition of subsidiary (Note 36)  6,116  881  -  6,997  Disposals/written off  (32,427)  (5,209)  -  (37,636)  Exchange adjustments  -  (61)  -  (61)  At 31 December 2022  94,441  28,087  4,147  126,675  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  AND IMPAIRMENT  At 1 January 2021  88,223  6,168  3,270  97,661  Provided for the year  11,678  6,317  25  18,020  Eliminated on disposals/written off  (12,410)  (3,895)  -  (16,305)  Exchange adjustments  -  12  -  12  At 31 December 2021  87,491  8,602  3,295  99,388  Provided for the year  14,808  8,864  70  23,742  Eliminated on disposals/written off  (31,681)  (5,209)  -  (36,890)  Exchange adjustments  -  (60)  -  (60)  At 31 December 2022  70,618  12,197  3,365  86,180  CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 31 December 2022  23,823  15,890  782  40,495  At 31 December 2021  14,837  12,511  16  27,364   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above property and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the following years:

Leasehold improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Motor vehicles

Shorter of the lease terms or 5 years 3 to 7 years 3 to 5 years

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 17.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leased  Motor  properties  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At 1 January 2021  770,641  2,322  772,963  Additions  86,486  -  86,486  Exchange adjustments  330  -  330  At 31 December 2021  857,457  2,322  859,779  Additions  133,990  -  133,990  Acquisition of subsidiary (Note 36)  21,385  -  21,385  Written off upon end of leases  (3,241)  -  (3,241)  Exchange adjustments  (718)  -  (718)  At 31 December 2022  1,008,873  2,322  1,011,195  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT  At 1 January 2021  510,109  1,250  511,359  Provided for the year  160,701  464  161,165  Exchange adjustments  195  -  195  At 31 December 2021  671,005  1,714  672,719  Provided for the year  148,177  465  148,642  Written off upon end of leases  (3,241)  -  (3,241)  Exchange adjustments  (515)  -  (515)  At 31 December 2022  815,426  2,179  817,605  CARRYING VALUES  At 31 December 2022  193,447  143  193,590  At 31 December 2021  186,452  608  187,060   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has the following expenses and cash outflow in relation to leases:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Additions  155,375  86,486  Expense relating to short-term leases  2,987  6,447  Expense relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding  short-term leases of low value assets  40  31  Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities  4,773  4,269  Total cash outflow of the leases  174,441  185,098   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 17.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)

For both years, the Group leases various retail stores, warehouses, office premises and motor vehicles for its operations. Lease  contracts  are  entered  into  for  fixed  term  of  1  year  to  6  years,  but  may  have  extension  options  for  certain  lease contracts as described below. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for smaller office premises and office equipment. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group also entered into several short-term leases for advertising billboards. The short-term lease expense disclosed above, which excluded expenses relating to leases with a lease term of one month or less.

## Variable lease payments

Leases of retail stores are either with only fixed lease payments or higher of variable lease payment that are based on 5% to 13% (2021: 5% to 13%) of sales and minimum annual lease payment that are fixed over the lease term. The payment terms  are  common  in  retail  stores  in  Hong  Kong  where  the  Group  operates.  The  amount  of  fixed  and  variable  lease payments paid/payable to relevant lessors:

| Number of  Fixed  Variable  retail stores  payments  payments  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 31 December 2022  Retail stores without variable lease payments  10  34,521  N/A  34,521  Retail stores with variable lease payments  21  90,831  4,773  95,604  125,352  4,773  130,125  Year ended 31 December 2021  Retail stores without variable lease payments  8  33,126  N/A  33,126  Retail stores with variable lease payments  24  108,851  4,269  113,120  141,977  4,269  146,246   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The overall financial effect of using variable payment terms is that higher rental costs are incurred by stores with higher sales.  Variable  rent  expenses  are  expected  to  continue  to  represent  a  similar  proportion  of  retail  store  sales  in  future years.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 17.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)

## Extension and termination options

The Group has extension option in certain leases for office premise and retail stores as at 31 December 2022 and 2021. These are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group's operations. The extension held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessors.

The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options. The potential exposures to these future lease payments for extension options in which the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise is summarised below:

| Potential  Potential  future lease  future lease  payments  payments  not included  not included  Lease  in lease  Lease  in lease  liabilities  liabilities  liabilities  liabilities  recognised  (undiscounted)  recognised  (undiscounted)  as at  as at  as at  as at  31 December  31 December  31 December  31 December  2022  2022  2021  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Office premise - Hong Kong  -  -  7,605  16,271  Retail stores - Hong Kong  9,758  11,875  787  1,075  Warehouse - Hong Kong  35,332  39,596  35,854  39,596   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has exercised one (2021: one) extension option included in the Group's lease contracts and recognised HK$8,890,000 (2021: HK$9,079,000) of additional lease liabilities. In addition, the Group  reassesses  whether  it  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  an  extension  option,  or  not  to  exercise  a  termination option,  upon  the  occurrence  of  either  a  significant  event  or  a  significant  change  in  circumstances  that  is  within  the control of the lessee. During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there is no such triggering event.

## Rent concessions

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  2021,  lessors  of  retail  stores  provided  rent  concessions  to  the  Group through rent reduction ranging from 10% to 57% (2021: 10% to 75%) over one to six months (2021: one month to one year).

These rent concessions occurred as a direct consequence of Covid-19 pandemic and met all of the conditions in HKFRS 16.46B, and the Group applied the practical expedient not to assess whether the changes constitute lease modifications. The  effects  on  changes  in  lease  payments  due  to  forgiveness  or  waiver  by  the  lessors  for  the  relevant  leases  of HK$10,334,000 (2021: HK$11,700,000) were recognised as negative variable lease payments.

## 17.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)

## Restrictions or covenants on leases

In addition, lease liabilities of HK$210,092,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of HK$193,590,000 as at 31 December  2022  (2021:  lease  liabilities  of  HK$207,606,000  are  recognised  with  related  right-of-use  assets  of HK$187,060,000).  The  lease  agreements  do  not  impose  any  covenants  other  than  the  security  interests  in  the  leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

Details of the lease maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in notes 32 and 38.

## 18.  GOODWILL

| HK$'000  COST  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  238,440  IMPAIRMENT  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  198,997  CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 31 December 2022 and 2021  39,443   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  carrying  amounts  of  goodwill  are  allocated  to  the  retailing  CGU.  Particulars  regarding  impairment  testing  on goodwill as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are disclosed in note 20.

## 19.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Online  Trading  game  rights of  development  Domain  Gaming  financial  costs  name  Trademark  licences  services  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note (a))  (Note (b))  (Note (c))  COST  At 1 January 2021 and 31 December 2021  63,271  5,460  38,000  40,295  -  147,026  Acquisition of subsidiary (Note 36)  -  -  -  -  9,092  9,092  At 31 December 2022  63,271  5,460  38,000  40,295  9,092  156,118  AMORTISATION AND ACCUMULATED  IMPAIRMENT  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021  and 31 December 2022  63,271  -  -  40,295  -  103,566  CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 31 December 2022  -  5,460  38,000  -  9,092  52,552  At 31 December 2021  -  5,460  38,000  -  -  43,460   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 19.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)

Notes:

- (a) At  31  December  2022,  intangible  assets  with  carrying  amounts  of  HK$5,460,000  (2021:  HK$5,460,000)  represent  domain  name.  It represents the legal and beneficial ownership of domain name 'www.shanghai.com' and has indefinite useful life. The domain name is considered by management of the Group as having an indefinite useful life because it is expected to be used indefinitely. The domain name will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite, instead it will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

For the purpose of impairment testing on domain name at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the recoverable amount has been determined based  on  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal.  The  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  is  arrived  at  by  market  approach,  with  reference  to  the desirability of the domain name through recent sales or offering of similar domain name currently on the market in order to arrive at an indication of the most probable selling price for the domain name. The fair value less costs of disposal at 31 December 2022 and 2021 was supported by a valuation carried out by Peak Vision Appraisals Limited, an independent qualified professional valuer not connected with the Group.

- (b) At  31  December  2022,  trademark  amounting  to  HK$38,000,000  (2021:  HK$38,000,000)  represents  the  perpetual  right  for  the  use  of  the brand name 'Pricerite' in Hong Kong which takes the form of a sign, symbol, name, logo design or any combination thereof arising from acquisition  of  retail  business.  Various  studies  including  product  life  cycle  studies,  market,  competitive  and  environmental  trends,  and brand  extension  opportunities  have  been  performed  by  management  of  the  Group,  which  supports  that  the  trademark  has  no foreseeable limit to the period over which the products are expected to generate future economic benefits for the Group. As a result, the trademark is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite useful life. The trademark will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired. Particulars regarding impairment testing on trademark are disclosed in note 20.
- (c) At 31 December 2022, intangible assets amounting to HK$9,092,000 represent trading rights that confer eligibility of the Group to trade on the Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Futures Exchange. The trading rights have no foreseeable limit to the period over which the Group can use to generate future economic benefits. As a result, the trading rights were considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite useful life. The trading rights will not be amortised until their useful life is determined to be finite. Instead these will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

For impairment testing purpose, the recoverable amount of the trading rights is determined based on the fair value less cost of disposal. The directors of the Company consider that the fair value less cost of disposal of the trading rights is more than the carrying amounts and accordingly, no impairment is recognised in profit or loss during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 20.  IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL

## (a) Retailing CGU

For the purpose of impairment testing, the carrying amounts of goodwill and trademark set out in notes 18 and 19 have been allocated to the group of retailing CGUs.

Goodwill  of  HK$39,443,000  (2021:  HK$39,443,000)  and  trademark  of  HK$38,000,000  (2021:  HK$38,000,000)  are allocated to the group of CGUs of retailing business in Hong Kong. In addition to goodwill and trademark, property and equipment of HK$33,140,000 (2021: HK$27,364,000) and right-of-use assets (including allocation of corporate assets) of HK$173,070,000 (2021: HK$187,060,000) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill and trademark are also included in the group of CGUs of retailing business for the purpose of impairment assessment.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 20.  IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (continued)

## (a) Retailing CGU (continued)

The recoverable amount of the group of CGUs of retailing business has been determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management of the Group covering a three-year period having an average annual growth rate of 2.5% and pre-tax discount rate of 16.2%  (2021:  three-year  period,  average  annual  growth  rate  of  2.7%  and  pre-tax  discount  rate  of  13.8%)  and projection of terminal value using the perpetuity method at a growth rate of 2.5% (2021: 3%). A key assumption for the  value  in  use  calculation  is  the  budgeted  growth  rate,  which  is  determined  based  on  past  performance  and management's expectations for the market development in Hong Kong.

The cash flow projections and growth rates have been taking reference to the Group's financial performance under Covid-19  pandemic  for  the  years  ended  31  December  2022  and  2021  and  management's  expectations  using market data.

No impairment on this group of CGUs is made for both years as the recoverable amount exceeded the carrying amount. Management of the Group believes that any reasonably possible change in any of the assumptions would not cause the carrying amount of the group of CGUs to exceed the recoverable amount of the above CGUs.

## (b) Financial Services CGU

For the year ended 31 December 2022, as a result of the recurring losses of this CGU and significant uncertainty on global  and  local  economic  environment,  the  management  of  the  Group  concluded  there  was  indicator  for impairment  on  property  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  of  HK$7,355,000  (2021:  Nil)  and  HK$20,520,000 (2021:  Nil)  respectively.  The  Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  various  CGUs  of  broking,  asset management and wealth management which in aggregate are reported as financial services segment to which the asset belongs, using the higher of value in use and fair value less cost of disposal of the respective CGU.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGUs  to  which  the  asset  belongs when it is  not  possible  to  estimate  the  recoverable  amount  individually,  including  allocation  of  corporate  assets when reasonable and consistent basis can be established.

The recoverable amount of cash-generating unit has been determined based on a fair value less costs of disposal. The cash-generating units  were  measured  at  fair  value  based  on  Level  3  hierarchy  using  the  discount  cash  flow method. The calculation uses cash flow projections were based on financial forecast approved by the management of the Group covering the following 3 years with a pre-tax discount rate of 8.75% (2021: 6.59%) as at 31 December 2022. The annual growth rates used range is from 0% to 30% (2021: 0% to 30%), which are based on the forecast of business  activities  prepared  by  the  management.  The  cash  flows  beyond  the  three-year  period  are  extrapolated using 2.4% growth rate. The growth rates and discount rate as at 31 December 2022 have been reassessed taking into  consideration  higher  degree  of  estimation  uncertainties  in  due  to  uncertainty  on  how  the  inflationary environment and interest rates hike may progress and evolve.

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  based  on  the  results  of  the  assessment,  management  of  the  Group determined that no impairment on property and equipment and right-of-use assets is required.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 21.  DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/LIABILITIES

The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deferred tax assets  5,450  5,450  Deferred tax liabilities  (6,825)  (6,825)  (1,375)  (1,375)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised and the movements thereon during the current and prior years:

| Fair value  Unrealised  adjustment  gain on  on intangible  Decelerated  financial  assets under  tax  assets  business  depreciation  at FVTPL  combination  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and  31 December 2022  5,450  (176)  (6,649)  (1,375)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, the Group has deductible temporary differences in respect of decelerated tax depreciation and estimated  unused  tax  losses  of  approximately  HK$100,433,000  and  HK$1,468,310  (2021:  HK$67,211,000  and HK$854,068,000) available for offset against future profits, while HK$2,265,000 (2021: HK$6,740,000) of estimated unused tax losses from certain subsidiaries operating in the PRC expired during the year ended 31 December 2022. No deferred tax asset has been recognised as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 in respect of these deductible temporary differences and estimated unused tax losses as it is not probable that taxable profits will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses can be utilised.

For certain subsidiaries operating in the PRC, unrecognised tax losses of HK$7,634,000 (2021: HK$6,210,000) will expire in various  dates  up  to  2026  (2021:  2025).  The  remaining  unrecognised  tax  losses  of  the  Group  can  be  carried  forward indefinitely.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 22.  INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND AMOUNT DUE TO AN ASSOCIATE

## Interests in associates

| 2021  HK$'000  Cost of investment in associates  Listed in Hong Kong  511,944  Unlisted  9,240  Share of post-acquisition loss and other comprehensive expense  (127,847)  Less: Impairment loss recognised on interests in associates  (209,802)  183,535  Fair value of listed investments (Note)  23,804   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The fair value of the listed investments was determined based on the quoted market bid price available on the Stock Exchange multiplied by the quantity of shares held by the Group.

The Group had interests in the following associates as at 31 December 2021:

| Proportion of  nominal value  Form of  Principal  of issued  Proportion  business  Country of  place of  Class of  capital held  of voting  Name of entity  structure  incorporation  operation  share held  by the Group  power held  Principal activities  2021  2021  %  %  CFSG (Note (i))  Incorporated  Bermuda  Hong Kong  Ordinary  37.50  37.50  Investment holding with  its subsidiaries engaged  in provision of financial  services  Weever Fintech Limited  (Note (ii))  Incorporated  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  Ordinary  18.91  18.91  Investment trading   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) CFSG's shares were listed on the Stock Exchange.

(ii) Weever FinTech Limited ('Weever') was a non-wholly owned subsidiary of CFSG. The Group considered Weever was an associate of the Group as the Group exercised significant influence over Weever through its representation on the board of directors and its participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

During  the  period  from  1  January  2022  to  21  October  2022,  the  Group  acquired  additional  interests  in  CFSG  with consideration of HK$4,968,000. Upon the completion of the acquisition by the Group and the repurchase by CFSG, the Group's interests in CFSG increased from 37.50% to 39.41%.

On  21  October  2022,  the  Group  further  acquired  21.08%  equity  interest  in  CFSG  at  a  total  consideration  of HK$23,125,000. CFSG has ceased to be an associate since that date (Note 36).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 22.  INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND AMOUNT DUE TO AN ASSOCIATE (continued)

## Interests in associates (continued)

At 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of the Group's interests in CFSG was higher than their fair value determined based on the quoted market price of CFSG on the same date. Management of the Group carried out impairment review on the carrying amount of its interests in CFSG as a single asset by comparing to its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount.

The  value  in  use  estimation  was  assessed  by  the  management  based  on  a  valuation  performed  by  an  independent professional  qualified  valuer  using  income  approach,  which  estimates  the  present  value  of  the  estimated  future  cash flows expected to be arisen from dividends to be received from CFSG and proceeds on the ultimate disposal of CFSG, together with pre-tax discount rate of 12%.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  management  of  the  Group  determined  that  the  recoverable  amount, which represented the value in use estimation, was lower than the carrying amount of the interests in CFSG. Impairment loss of HK$2,850,000 in respect of interests in CFSG was recognised in profit or loss during the year ended 31 December 2021.

## Summarised financial information of associates

Summarised  financial  information  in  respect  of  the  Group's  associates  is  set  out  below.  The  summarised  financial information  below  represents  amounts  shown  in  the  associates'  consolidated  financial  statements  prepared  in accordance with HKFRSs.

## CFSG

| 31 December  2021  HK$'000  Non-current assets  56,112  Current assets  1,239,465  Current liabilities  (814,301)  Non-current liabilities  (68,908)  Net assets  412,368   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 22.  INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND AMOUNT DUE TO AN ASSOCIATE (continued)

## Summarised financial information of associates (continued)

## CFSG (continued)

| From  From  1 January  1 January  2022 to  2021 to  21 October  31 December  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  61,545  96,863  Loss for the year attributable to owners of CFSG  (67,629)  (53,470)  Other comprehensive expense for the period/year attributable to owners of CFSG  (919)  3,052  Total comprehensive expense for the period/year attributable to owners of CFSG  (68,548)  (50,418)  The Group's share of loss  (25,984)  (19,671)  The Group's share of other comprehensive expense  (85)  1,145  (26,069)  (18,526)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation  of  the  above  summarised  financial  information  to  the  carrying  amount  of  the  interest  in  the  associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

| 31 December  2021  HK$'000  Net assets  412,368  Non-controlling interests of CFSG's subsidiaries  (8,538)  403,830  Proportion of the Group's ownership interest  37.50%  The Group's share of net assets of CFSG  151,437  Unrecognised reserves of CFSG  (9,460)  Goodwill  244,684  Accumulated impairment loss recognised  (209,802)  Carrying amount of the Group's interest  176,859   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 22.  INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES AND AMOUNT DUE TO AN ASSOCIATE (continued)

## Summarised financial information of associates (continued)

## Weever

| 2021  HK$'000  Current assets  35,377  Current liabilities  (61)  Net assets  35,316  From  From  1 January  1 January  2022 to  2021 to  21 October  31 December  2022  2021  Revenue  -  -  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year  -  -  The Group's share of loss and total comprehensive expense  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation  of  the  above  summarised  financial  information  to  the  carrying  amount  of  the  interests  in  the  associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

| 2021  HK$'000  Net assets  35,316  Proportion of the Group's ownership interest  18.905%  The Group's share of net assets of Weever  6,676  Carrying amount of the Group's interests  6,676   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Amount due to an associate

Amount was non-trade nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 23.  ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Accounts receivable arising from retailing business  (a)  1,268  33,150  Accounts receivable arising from the business of dealing in securities  (b)  48,207  -  Accounts receivable arising from the business of margin financing  (b)  116,726  -  Accounts receivable arising from the business of dealing in  futures and options  (b)  23,638  -  Receivables from securities brokers  145,914  89,399  Prepayments  10,801  7,736  Rental deposits  15,979  26,988  Other deposits  (c)  23,043  25,220  Other receivables  (c)  10,972  9,859  396,548  192,352   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 1 January 2021, the accounts receivable arising from retailing business were amounted to HK$15,399,000.

Notes:

- (a) The Group allows an average credit period of 30 - 60 days to its corporate customers on retailing business. The ageing analysis based on the invoice date, which is approximately the revenue recognition date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 - 30 days  685  8,361  31 - 60 days  119  4,502  61 - 90 days  161  4,066  Over 90 days  303  16,221  1,268  33,150   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in the Group's accounts receivable arising from retailing business are government grants granted to the Group's customers of approximately  HK$31,952,000  as  at  31  December  2021  in  respect  of  the  'Assistance  Programme  to  Improve  the  Living  Environment  of Low-income Subdivided Unit Households' (the 'Community Care Programme') under the Community Care Fund launched by the Hong Kong government. The consideration of the products sold to these qualified customers were receivable from the government.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 23.  ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

Notes: (continued)

- (a) (continued)

As at 31 December 2022, included in the Group's accounts receivable balance are debtors with aggregate carrying amount of HK$464,000 (2021: HK$20,287,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of the past due balances, HK$303,000 (2021: HK$9,626,000), which is mainly contributed from the Community Care Programme, has been past due 90 days or more and is not considered as in default since the  directors  of  the  Company  are  of  the  opinion  that  the  balances  are  still  considered  fully  recoverable  due  to  the  management's historical experience on the settlement pattern or record from these debtors. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

- (b) Accounts receivable from clients, brokers, dealers and clearing houses arising from the business of dealing in securities are repayable on demand  subsequent  to  settlement  date.  The  normal  settlement  terms  of  accounts  receivable  arising  from  the  business  of  dealing  in securities are two days after trade date or at specific terms agreed with clients, brokers, dealers and accounts receivable arising from the business of dealing in futures and options are one day after trade date.

The  Group  provides  customers  with  margin  financing  for  securities  transactions  secured  by  customers'  securities  held  as  collateral. Securities are assigned with specific margin ratios for calculating margin values. Additional funds or collateral are required if the amount of accounts receivable from margin clients outstanding exceeds the eligible margin value of the securities deposited.

The customers' listed securities can be sold at the Group's discretion to settle any margin call requirements imposed by their respective securities  transactions.  The  Group  is  able  to  use  clients'  securities  up  to  the  amount  of  140%  of  the  accounts  receivable  from  margin clients as collateral of the Group's borrowings. The accounts receivable from margin clients are repayable on demand and bear interest at commercial rates. As at 31 December 2022, accounts receivable from margin clients are secured by clients' pledged securities with fair value  of  approximately  HK$315,752,000,  of  which  58%  of  accounts  receivable  arising  from  the  business  of  margin  financing  are  fully collateralised.

The Group offsets certain accounts receivable and accounts payable when the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the balances and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the balances simultaneously. Details are set out in note 38.

No ageing analysis is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the ageing analysis does not give additional value in view of the nature of business in margin financing.

- (c) Other deposits and other receivables are non-interest bearing and repayable on demand or within one year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 24.  LOANS RECEIVABLE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revolving loans receivable denominated in:  Hong Kong dollars  7,527  1,500  Renminbi  4,667  -  12,194  1,500   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has policy for assessing the impairment of loans receivable on an individual basis. The assessment is based on a  close  monitoring  and  evaluation  of  collectability  and  on  management's  judgment,  including  the  current creditworthiness,  collateral  value  (if  any),  the  past  collection  history  of  each  client  and  supportive  forward-looking information.

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group's  loans  receivable  were  individually  assessed  for  impairment.  In determining the recoverability of the loans receivable, the Group considers any change in the credit quality of the loans receivable from the date of the credit was initially granted up to the reporting date.

As  at  31  December  2022,  loans  receivable  are  unsecured  and  have  contractual  interest  rates  ranging  from  2%  to  10% (2021:  2%)  per  annum.  The  Group  has  concentration  of  credit  risk  from  one  (2021:  nil)  senior  management  and  one (2021: nil) staff, of the Group, in which the loans receivable included a total carrying amount of HK$2,335,000 (2021: nil) and HK$2,332,000 (2021: nil) respectively.

Details of impairment assessment at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are set out in note 38.

The carrying amount of the loans receivable has remaining contractual maturity dates as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  On demand or within one year  12,194  1,500   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25.  FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Unlisted equity investments at fair value  24,328  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The unlisted investments are not held for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. These unlisted investments are designated as at FVTOCI, as recognising short-term fluctuations in the investments' fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group's strategy of holding the investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 26.  FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity securities listed in Hong Kong (Note (1))  40,939  3,768  Equity securities listed in the PRC (Note (1))  -  280  Unlisted equity securities  -  3,900  Unlisted investment funds (Note (2))  15,467  8,003  56,406  15,951  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Analysed for reporting purposes as:  Current assets  51,594  15,951  Non-current assets  4,812  -  56,406  15,951   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (1) The fair values of the listed equity securities are determined based on the quoted market bid prices available on the relevant exchange.
- (2) The amount represented the investment in certain unconsolidated investment funds ('Unconsolidated Investment Funds') with primary objectives for capital appreciation, investment income and selling in the near future for profit. These Unconsolidated Investment Funds are set up and managed by an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary acting as fund manager who has the power and authority to manage and make decisions for these Unconsolidated Investment Funds.

Among  those  Unconsolidated  Investment  Funds  held  by  the  Group  where  the  Group  directly  involves  as  fund  manager,  the  Group assesses and determines whether:

- the Group is acting as an agent or a principal in these Unconsolidated Investment Funds;
- substantive removal rights held by other parties may remove the Group as a fund manager; and
- the  investment  interests  held  together  with  its  remuneration  from  servicing  and  managing  these  Unconsolidated  Investment Funds create significant exposure to variability of returns in these Unconsolidated Investment Funds.

In  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the  Company,  the  combination  of  remuneration  from  the  asset  management  services  and  variable returns  the  Group  is  exposed  to  the  Group's  investments,  if  any,  are  not  significant,  the  Group  therefore  considers  such  the decision-making rights is acting an agent and hence did not consolidate these Unconsolidated Investment Funds.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 26.  FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL (continued)

Notes: (continued)

- (2) (continued)

The  total  assets  and  liabilities  of  Unconsolidated  Investment  Funds  managed  by  the  Group  amounted  to  HK$290,011,000  (2021: HK$310,912,000) and HK$3,540,000 (2021: HK$4,694,000) as at 31 December 2022. The funding of these Unconsolidated Investment Funds is mainly from the holders of these funds.

The  Group  has  HK$4,966,000  (2021:  HK$2,580,000)  of  interests  in  the  Unconsolidated  Investment  Funds  and  the  Group's  maximum exposure to loss from its interests is the carrying amount of such investments of HK$15,467,000 (2021: HK$8,003,000) as at 31 December 2022. Other than the investments as stated above, the Group did not have other assets or liabilities recognised relating to the interests in the Unconsolidated Investment Funds.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has  fair  value  gain  of  interests  in  these  Unconsolidated  Investment  Funds  of HK$1,020,000 (2021: HK$2,265,000), which is included in 'other gains or losses' line item and management fee income of HK$4,334,000 (2021: HK$6,038,000) from these Unconsolidated Investment Funds.

The Group has no contractual obligation nor current intention to provide financial support to the Unconsolidated Investment Funds.

## 27.  PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/BANK BALANCES (TRUST AND SEGREGATED ACCOUNTS)/BANK BALANCES (GENERAL ACCOUNTS) AND CASH

## Pledged bank deposits

The pledged bank deposits carried fixed rate in a range of 0.01% to 0.50% (2021: 0.01% to 0.10) per annum, which was the effective interest rate on the Group's bank deposits. Pledged bank deposits of HK$50,000,000 (2021: HK$50,000,000) and  HK$4,159,000  (2021:  HK$5,458,000)  are  pledged  to  secure  short-term  loan  and  short-term  undrawn  facilities, respectively, and are therefore classified as current assets.

The  pledged  bank  deposits  will  be  released  upon  the  repayment  of  relevant  bank  borrowings  or  expiration  of  the facilities.

## Bank balances - trust and segregated accounts

The  Group  receives  and  holds  monies  deposited  by  clients  and  other  institutions  in  the  course  of  the  conduct  of  the regulated activities of its ordinary business. Such monies are maintained in one or more segregated bank accounts and bear  interest  at  commercial  rate.  The  Group  has  recognised  the  corresponding  liabilities  to  respective  external  clients and other institutions as accounts payable (note 28). However, the Group does not have a currently enforceable right to offset those payables with the deposits placed.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 27.  PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/BANK BALANCES (TRUST AND SEGREGATED ACCOUNTS)/BANK BALANCES (GENERAL ACCOUNTS) AND CASH (continued)

## Bank balances (general accounts) and cash

The amounts comprise cash held by the Group and short-term bank deposits at market interest rates in a range of 0.01% to 0.50% (2021: 0.04% to 0.50%) per annum with an original maturity of three months or less.

## 28.  ACCOUNTS PAYABLE

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Accounts payable arising from retailing business  (a)  174,287  230,923  Accounts payable arising from the business of dealing in securities  (b)  464,481  -  Accounts payable arising from the business of dealing in futures and  options  (b)  45,699  -  684,467  230,923   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) Trade creditors arising from retailing business principally comprise amount outstanding for trade purpose and ongoing cost. The credit period taken for trade purchases ranges from 30 to 90 days.

The following is an ageing analysis (from invoice date) of trade creditors arising from retailing business at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 - 30 days  52,526  127,841  31 - 60 days  69,222  75,703  61 - 90 days  50,650  21,721  Over 90 days  1,889  5,658  174,287  230,923   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(b) The settlement terms of accounts payable from the business of dealing in securities are two days after trade date, and accounts payable arising from the business of dealing in futures and options contracts are one day after trade date. No ageing analysis is disclosed as in the opinion of directors of the Company, the ageing analysis does not give additional value in view of the nature of this business.

Accounts payable to clients arising from the business of dealing in futures and options are margin deposits received from clients for their trading  of  these  contracts.  The  required  margin  deposits  are  repayable  upon  the  closure  of  the  corresponding  futures  and  options position. The excess of the outstanding amounts over the required margin deposits stipulated are repayable to clients on demand.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 28.  ACCOUNTS PAYABLE (continued)

Notes: (continued)

## (b) (continued)

Except for the accounts payable to clients arising from the business of dealing in securities which bear interest at a fixed rate, all other accounts payable are non-interest bearing.

Accounts  payable  amounting  to  HK$482,196,000  are  payable  to  external  clients  and  other  institutions  in  respect  of  the  trust  and segregated  bank  balances  received  and  held  for  clients  and  other  institutions  in  the  course  of  the  conduct  of  regulated  activities. However, the Group does not have a currently enforceable right to offset these payables with the deposits placed.

## 29.  FINANCIAL LIABILITIES ARISING FROM CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENT FUNDS

Other than Unconsolidated Investment Funds as disclosed in note 26, certain investment funds ('Investment Funds') set up by the Group with primary objectives for capital appreciation, investment income and selling in the near future for profit. These Investment Funds are managed by an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary acting as general partner who has the power and authority to manage and make decisions for the Investment Funds.

The  Group  consolidated  these  Investment  Funds  in  accordance  with  the  criteria  in  accordance  with  the  Group's accounting policies.

In  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the  Company,  the  variable  returns  for  these  Investment  Funds  that  the  Group  is exposed  to  are  significant  and/or  the  Group  is  primarily  acting  as  a  principal  and  not  subject  to  substantive  removal rights held by other parties who may remove the Group as an investment manager. Therefore, the Group consolidated these Investment Funds.

The total assets and total liabilities (excluding the third-party interests as stated below) of the consolidated Investment Funds, were disclosed as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Receivables from securities brokers  50,366  48,110  Financial assets at FVTPL  -  280  Bank balances and cash  277  184  Other payables  (22)  (47)  50,621  48,527   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 29.  FINANCIAL LIABILITIES ARISING FROM CONSOLIDATED INVESTMENT FUNDS (continued)

Financial  liabilities  arising  from  consolidated  investment  funds  consist  of  third-party  unit  holders'  interests  in consolidated Investment Funds which are reflected as a liability since they can be put back to the Group for cash.

As at 31 December 2022, the interests held by third-party unit holders amounted to HK$5,757,000 (2021: HK$5,551,000) were  recognised  as  financial  liabilities  arising  from  consolidated  investment  funds  in  the  consolidated  statement  of financial position.

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  value  of  the  consolidated  Investment  Funds  increased  and  the  related interests  held  by  third-party  unit/shareholders  were  re-measured.  A  net  loss  of  HK$153,000  were  recognised  in  the consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  included  in  'other  gains  or  losses'  line  item  during  the  year  ended  31 December 2021.

## 30.  ACCRUED LIABILITIES AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Accrued liabilities  - Salaries and commission payables  23,312  21,729  - Other accrued liabilities  44,899  22,090  Other payables  88,307  30,280  156,518  74,099   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.  CONTRACT LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Advances received in relation to tailor-made furniture  7,613  15,258  Advances received in relation to other furniture  40,043  15,676  Reward points under customer loyalty programme  1,072  2,375  48,728  33,309   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 1 January 2021, the contract liabilities were amounted to HK$20,112,000.

## Tailor-made furniture and other furniture

Contract  liabilities  in  relation  to  tailor-made  and  other  furniture  represent  the  advance  payments  received  from  the customers  upon  ordering  of  tailor-made  furniture  commences,  or  before  delivery  of  other  furniture,  until  the  revenue recognised on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

## 31.  CONTRACT LIABILITIES (continued)

## Customer loyalty programme

The Group offers customer loyalty programme in the Group's retailing operation. Basically, the customers can earn one point for each dollar spent in the shops of the Group. The customers can enjoy discount by utilising the award points earned under the customer loyalty programme. All award points can be accumulated up to 31 December each year and will be expired in January of the following year.

Contract liabilities in relation to award points under customer loyalty programme represent the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period. The Group expects the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied performance obligations will be recognised as revenue when the award points are redeemed.

For the contract liabilities as at 1 January 2022 and 2021, the entire balances were recognised as revenue in profit or loss during the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## 32.  LEASE LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Lease liabilities payable:  Within one year  142,031  126,494  More than one year but not more than two years  43,586  57,216  More than two years but not more than five years  24,475  23,896  210,092  207,606  Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown under current liabilities  (142,031)  (126,494)  Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current liabilities  68,061  81,112   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  weighted  average  incremental  borrowing  rates  applied  to  lease  liabilities  range  from  4%  to  4.125%  (2021:  4%  to 4.125%) per annum.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 33.  BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Secured bank borrowings  96,064  23,975  Unsecured bank borrowings  -  11,288  Secured trust receipt loans  43,933  48,687  Unsecured trust receipt loans  108,387  111,492  Unsecured other borrowings  126,861  40,175  375,245  235,617  Bank borrowings and trust receipt loans  Carrying amount repayable based on scheduled repayment terms:  Within one year  168,320  160,179  Carrying amount of bank borrowings and trust receipt loans containing  a repayment on demand clause:  Within one year  80,064  35,263  Total  248,384  195,442  Less: Amount under current liabilities  (248,384)  (195,442)  Amount shown under non-current liabilities  -  -  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other borrowings  Carrying amount repayable based on scheduled repayment terms:  Within one year  126,861  -  More than one year but not more than two years  -  40,175  Total  126,861  40,175  Less: Amount due within one year shown under current liabilities  (126,861)  -  Amount shown under non-current liabilities  -  40,175   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 33.  BORROWINGS (continued)

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  secured  bank  borrowings  and  trust  receipt  loans  of  HK$139,997,000  (2021: HK$72,662,000) were secured and/or guaranteed by:

- (a) corporate guarantees from the Company;
- (b) corporate guarantees from certain subsidiaries of the Company;
- (c) marketable securities of the Group's clients with fair value of HK$150,158,000 at 31 December 2022 (with clients' consent); and
- (d) pledged  bank  deposits  of  HK$50,000,000  (2021:  HK$50,000,000)  for  short-term  bank  borrowings  as  disclosed  in note 27.

As  at  31  December  2022,  bank  borrowings  amounting  to  approximately  HK$96,064,000  (2021:  HK$35,263,000)  are variable-rate borrowings which carry interest at either Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate ('HIBOR') or Hong Kong Prime Rate  plus  a  spread.  Trust  receipts  loans  amounting  to  HK$152,320,000  (2021:  HK$160,179,000)  carry  interest  at  either HIBOR or Hong Kong Prime Rate plus a spread.

The  unsecured  bank  borrowings  amounting  to  approximately  HK$11,288,000  as  at  31  December  2021  and  unsecured trust receipt loans amounting to approximately HK$108,387,000 (2021: HK$111,492,000) are guaranteed by the Company. The Group has unused short-term banking facilities of approximately HK$255.4 million (2021: HK$223.2 million) as at 31 December 2022.

The  other  borrowings  amounting  to  HK$126,861,000  (2021:  HK$40,175,000)  were  drawn  from  a  related  company controlled by a substantial shareholder with significant influence to the Group. It was unsecured, carried interest rate at Hong Kong Prime Rate plus a spread and repayable within one year (2021: after one year).

The effective interest rates on the Group's borrowings ranged from 4.13% to 6.60% (2021: 2.16% to 5.50%) per annum.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 34.  SHARE CAPITAL

| Par value  of each  ordinary share  Number  of shares  Amount  HK$  '000  HK$'000  Ordinary shares  Authorised:  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  0.2  150,000  30,000  Issued and fully paid:  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  0.2  80,720  16,144   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All the shares in issued rank pari passu in all respects.

## 35.  NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

| Share of  net assets  of subsidiaries  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  (37,729)  Share of loss and total comprehensive expense for the year  (217)  At 31 December 2021  (37,946)  Share of loss and total comprehensive expense for the year  (1,608)  Acquisition of subsidiary (Note 36)  134,734  At 31 December 2022  95,180   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 36.  ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARY

The Group held 37.50% equity interest in an associate, CFSG as at 31 December 2021 and increased to 39.41% during the year  ended  31  December  2022.  On  21  October  2022,  the  Group  further  acquired  21.08%  equity  interest  in  CFSG  for  a consideration  of  HK$23,125,000  and  CFSG  is  treated  as  a  subsidiary  of  the  Group  since  that  date.  CFSG  is  a  listed company incorporated in Bermuda and engaged in provision of finance services. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method. The amount of the non-controlling interests is measured on the basis  of  its  proportionate  interests  in  the  acquiree's  identifiable  net  assets.  The  following  table  summarises  the consideration  transferred  for  CFSG  and  the  amounts  of  the  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  recognised  at  the acquisition date.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 36.  ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARY (continued)

| Fair values  HK$'000  The assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition were as follows:  Property and equipment  6,997  Right-of-use assets  21,385  Intangible assets  9,092  Other assets  9,688  Rental and utility deposits  1,886  Financial assets at FVTOCI  23,270  Accounts and other receivable  226,406  Contract assets  2,243  Loans receivable  12,046  Financial assets at FVTPL  41,139  Bank balances - trust and segregated accounts  529,701  Bank balances (general accounts) and cash  191,194  Accounts payable  (553,587)  Accrued liabilities and other payables  (2,694)  Taxation payable  (3,000)  Lease liabilities  (26,522)  Borrowings  (146,388)  Provision for restoration  (1,842)  341,014  Less: Non-controlling interests  (134,734)  206,280  Net gain arising on deemed disposal of associates and acquisition of subsidiary:  Net assets acquired  206,280  Less: Consideration  (23,125)  Previously held interests in associates  (160,570)  Net gain (Note)  22,585  Net cash inflow arising from acquisition:  Bank balances and cash acquired  191,194  Less: Consideration  (23,125)  168,069   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: This represents bargain purchase gain arising from the acquisition, net of remeasurement of the Group's previously held interests in CFSG.

CFSG contributed revenue of HK$7,133,000 and a loss attributable to the owners of the Company of HK$4,705,000 to the Group since the acquisition. Had the acquisition of CFSG been completed on 1 January 2022, the Group's revenue and the  loss  attributable  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  would  have  been HK$1,272,408,000 and HK$48,190,000 respectively. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2022, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 37.  CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The capital structure of the Group consists of debts, which include the lease liabilities and borrowings disclosed in notes 32 and 33, respectively, and  equity  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company,  comprising  share  capital  disclosed  in  note  34,  reserves  and accumulated losses as disclosed in consolidated statement of changes in equity. The management of the Group reviews the capital structure by considering the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. In view of this, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the issue of new shares as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged throughout the year.

Following  the  acquisition  of  CFSG,  certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Group  are  regulated  by  the  Hong  Kong  Securities  and Futures Commission ('SFC') and are required to comply with the financial resources requirements according to the Hong Kong  Securities  and  Futures  (Financial  Resources)  Rules  ('SF(FR)R').  The  Group's  regulated  entities  are  subject  to minimum  paid-up  share  capital  requirements  and  liquid  capital  requirements  under  the  SF(FR)R.  Management  of  the Group closely monitors, on a daily basis, the liquid capital level of these entities to ensure compliance with the minimum liquid  capital  requirements  under  the  SF(FR)R.  The  Group's  regulated  entities  have  complied  with  the  capital requirements imposed by the SF(FR)R throughout the year.

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  At FVTPL  56,406  15,951  At FVTOCI  24,328  -  At amortised cost  1,293,094  431,969  Financial liabilities  At amortised cost  1,148,019  497,821  At FVTPL  5,757  5,551   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies

The  Group's  major  financial  instruments  include  accounts  receivable  and  payable,  other  receivables  and  deposits, financial  assets  at  FVTPL,  financial  assets  at  FVTOCI,  bank  balances  and  cash,  pledged  bank  deposits,  loans  receivable, financial  liabilities  arising  from  consolidated  investment  funds,  other  payables,  amount  due  to  an  associate,  lease liabilities  and  borrowings.  Details  of  these  financial  instruments  are  disclosed  in  respective  notes.  The  risks  associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management of the  Group  manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## Market risk

## Price risk

The Group is exposed to price risk arising from equity investments, unlisted fund investment, Unconsolidated Investment Funds and financial liabilities arising from consolidated investment funds. The Group's equity investments are listed on the Stock Exchange, while the unlisted investment funds are traded in the over-the-counter markets. In both years, the directors of the Company manage the exposure by closely monitoring the portfolio of investments and imposing trading limits on individual trades.

In  addition,  the  Group  also  invested  in  unlisted  equity  investments  for  long-term  strategic  purposes  which  had  been designated at FVTOCI.

The exposure to equity price risk for the Group's investments held for trading are insignificant to the Group. Accordingly, no sensitivity analysis is presented.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Market risk (continued)

## Interest rate risk

Interest  rate  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  fair  value  or  future  cash  flows  of  a  financial  instrument  will  fluctuate  because  of changes in market interest rates.

The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate pledged bank deposits, accounts payable to clients arising from business of dealing in securities and lease liabilities. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate borrowings, accounts receivable arising from the business of margin financing, loans receivable  and  bank  balances.  The  Group  currently  does  not  have  a  cash  flow  interest  rate  hedging  policy.  However, management  of  the  Group  closely  monitors  its  exposure  arising  from  margin  financing  and  other  lending  activities undertaken by allowing an appropriate margin on the interest received and paid by the Group.

The Group's exposures to interest rates on financial liabilities are detailed in the liquidity risk management section of this note.  The  Group's  cash  flow  interest  rate  risk  is  mainly  concentrated  on  the  fluctuation  of  Hong  Kong  Prime  Rate  and HIBOR arising from the Group's variable interest rate instruments.

A  fundamental  reform  of  major  interest  rate  benchmarks  is  being  undertaken  globally,  including  the  replacement  of some interbank offered rates  ('IBORs')  with  alternative  nearly  risk-free  rates.  Details  of  the  impacts  on  the  Group's  risk management  strategy  arising  from  the  interest  rate  benchmark  reform  and  the  progress  towards  implementation  of alternative benchmark interest rates are set out under 'interest rate benchmark reform' in this note.

A 200 basis points (2021: 50 basis points) change is used and represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible  change  in  interest  rates.  The  sensitivity  analysis  is  prepared  assuming  the  variable-rate  financial  instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. Bank balances are excluded from sensitivity analysis as these are subject to minimal interest rate fluctuation for both years. As at 31 December 2022, if the interest rate had been 200 basis points (2021: 50 basis points) higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, the  Group's  loss  after  tax  would  increase/decrease  by  approximately  HK$6,063,000  (2021:  HK$977,000).  This  is  mainly attributable to the Group exposure to the interest rates on variable-rate borrowings and loans receivable.

In the opinion of the management of the Group, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the cash flow interest rate risk as the year end exposure does not reflect the exposure during the year.

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Market risk (continued)

## Foreign currency risk

The  group  entities  have  financial  assets  denominated  in  currencies  other  than  their  respective  functional  currencies. Consequently, the Group is exposed to risks that the exchange rate of functional currencies relative to other currencies may  change  in  a  manner  that  has  an  adverse  effect  on  the  value  of  the  position  of  the  Group's  assets  and  liabilities denominated in foreign currencies.

The  exposure  primarily  arises  from  the  receivables  from  foreign  brokers,  foreign  currency  deposits  with  banks,  equity securities  listed  outside  Hong  Kong  denominated  in  United  States  dollars  (''USD')  and  Renminbi  ('RMB')  and  accounts payable to clients denominated in USD and RMB. The management of the Group monitors foreign exchange exposure and  will  consider  hedging  significant  foreign  exposure  should  the  need  arises.  The  directors  of  the  Company  do  not expect significant foreign exchange risk arising from USD denominated monetary items in view of the Hong Kong dollar pegged system to the USD.

The carrying amounts of the major foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities of the Group at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Liabilities  Assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  USD  59,194  -  136,203  41,128  RMB  13,042  -  43,238  4,443   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% (2021: 5%) against HK$ and all other variables were held  constant,  the  Group's  loss  after  tax  would  decrease/increase  by  approximately  HK$1,261,000  (2021:  HK$185,000). Under  the  pegged  exchange  rate  system,  the  financial  impact  in  exchange  fluctuation  between  HK$  and  USD  is considered to be immaterial and therefore no sensitivity analysis has been prepared.

In  the  opinion  of  the  management  of  the  Group,  the  sensitivity  analysis  is  unrepresentative  of  the  inherent  foreign exchange risk as the year end exposure does not reflect the exposure during the year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment

The  Group's  credit  risk  is  primarily  attributable  to  accounts  receivable  arising  from  retailing  business  and  financial services  business,  loans  receivable,  receivables  from  securities  brokers,  other  receivables  and  deposits,  pledged  bank deposits  and  bank  balances.  Except  for  accounts  receivable  arising  from  the  business  of  margin  financing,  the  Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with these financial assets.

The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model. Information about the  Group's  credit  risk  management,  maximum  credit  risk  exposures  and  the  related  impairment  assessment,  if applicable, are summarised as below:

## Accounts receivables arising from retailing business

In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of  credit  limits  and  other  monitoring  procedures  to  ensure  that  follow-up  action  is  taken  to  recover  overdue  debts. Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit rating system to assess the potential customer's credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on balances individually.  Based  on  assessment  by  the  directors  of  the  Company,  the  directors  of  the  Company considers the ECL for these balances is insignificant.

## Account receivables arising from financial services business

In  order  to  minimise  the  credit  risk  on  brokerage  and  financing  services,  Credit  and  Risk  Management  Committee  of CFSG is set up to compile the credit and risk management policies, to approve credit limits and to determine any debt recovery action on delinquent receivables. In addition, the Group has a policy for assessing the credit risk of accounts receivable.  The  assessment  is  based  on  a  close  monitoring  and  evaluation  of  collectability  and  on  management's judgment, including the current creditworthiness, account executives concentration analysis, collateral distribution and concentration  analysis  and  the  past  collection  history  of  each  client,  etc.  In  this  regard,  the  directors  of  the  Company consider that the Group's credit risk is significantly reduced.

## Loans receivable

In  order  to  minimise  the  credit  risk,  the  Group  have  delegated  teams  of  respective  subsidiaries  responsible  for determination of credit limits and interest rate offered to customers. Monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model  on  balances  individually.  The  directors  of  the  Company  estimate  the  estimated  loss  rates  of  loans  receivable based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the debtors. Based on assessment by the directors of the Company, the directors of the Company considers the ECL is insignificant.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

## Other receivables and deposits

For  other  receivables  and  deposits,  the  directors  of  the  Company  make  periodic  individual  assessment  on  the recoverability  of  significant  balances  based  on  historical  settlement  records,  past  experience,  and  also  available reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The directors of the Company believe that there is no material credit  risk  inherent  in  the  Group's  outstanding  balance  of  other  receivables  and  deposits.  Based  on  assessment  by  the management of the Group, the ECL for these balances is insignificant.

## Receivables from securities brokers, pledged bank deposits and bank balances

The  management  of  the  Group  considers  that  the  credit  risks  on  receivables  from  securities  brokers,  pledged  bank deposits  and  bank  balances  are  limited  because  the  banks  and  securities  brokers  are  financial  institutions  with  high credit  ratings  assigned  by  international  credit-rating  agencies.  The  Group  assessed  12-month  ECL  by  reference  to probability  of  default,  loss  given  default  by  the  relevant  credit  rating  grades  published  by  international  credit  rating agencies. Based on assessment by the management of the Group, the ECL for these balances is insignificant.

Except for CFSG's financial assets, the Group's internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

| Internal  credit rating  Description  Accounts receivables  Other financial assets  Low risk  The counterparty has a low risk of default  and does not have any past-due amounts  Lifetime ECL - not credit-impaired  12-month ECL  Watch list  Debtor frequently repays after due dates  but usually settle in full  Lifetime ECL - not credit-impaired  12-month ECL  Doubtful  There have been significant increases in  credit risk since initial recognition through  information developed internally or external  resources  Lifetime ECL - not credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL - not  credit-impaired  Loss  There is evidence indicating the asset is  credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL - credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is evidence indicating that the debtor  is in severe financial difficulty and the  Group has no realistic prospect of recovery  Amount is written off  Amount is written off   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group's financial assets which are subject to ECL assessment:

| External  Internal  credit  credit  12-month or  2022  2021  Financial assets  Notes  rating  rating  lifetime ECL  Gross carrying amounts  Gross carrying amounts  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amortised cost  Accounts receivable arising from  retailing business  23  N/A  Low risk  Lifetime ECL  1,268  12,862  Watch list  Lifetime ECL  -  1,268  20,288  33,150  Accounts receivable arising from  business of dealing in securities,  futures and options  23  N/A  Low risk  12-month ECL  71,845  71,845  -  -  Accounts receivable arising from  business of margin financing  23  N/A  Low risk  12-month ECL  116,726  116,726  -  Loans receivable  24  N/A  N/A  12-month ECL  11,143  -  1,500  -  N/A  Low risk  12-month ECL  1,051  12,194  -  1,500  Other receivables and deposits  23  N/A  N/A  12-month ECL  29,527  -  -  -  N/A  Low risk  12-month ECL  45,854  74,381  85,188  85,188  Receivables from securities brokers  23  Aa3 - Aa1  N/A  12-month ECL  63,154  57  A3 - A1  N/A  12-month ECL  40,511  41,212  B1 - Baa1  N/A  12-month ECL  42,249  145,914  48,130  89,399  Pledged bank deposits  27  Aa3 - Aa1  N/A  12-month ECL  25,000  25,000  A3 - A1  N/A  12-month ECL  29,159  54,159  30,458  55,458  Bank balances  27  Aa3 - Aa1  N/A  12-month ECL  8,177  32,328  A3 - A1  N/A  12-month ECL  74,876  82,279  A3 - Aa1  N/A  12-month ECL  724,193  -  B1 - Baa1  N/A  12-month ECL  7,788  52,667  Baa3 - Baa1  N/A  12-month ECL  1,573  816,607  -  167,274   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  years  ended  31  December  2021  and  2020,  the  impairment  allowance  for  the  Group's  financial  assets  are insignificant and there was no provision has been made.

The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk as the exposure is spread over a number of counterparties and customers, except for the liquid funds which are deposited with several banks with high credit ratings and receivables from three securities brokers in a total amount of HK$145,914,000 (2021: HK$89,399,000). Concentration of credit risk for loans receivable and account receivable from margin clients are disclosed below.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  concentration  of  credit  risk  on  loans  receivable  as  71%  (2021:  N/A)  of  the outstanding  balance  is  from  the  top  five  (2021:  N/A)  borrowers.  The  loans  receivable  of  HK$12,194,000  (2021: HK$1,500,000) are not overdue and are considered to have no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Accordingly, these are subject to 12-month ECL.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had concentration of credit risk on the accounts receivable from margin clients as the aggregate balances with the five largest clients represent approximately 62% (2021: N/A) of total accounts receivable from margin clients. The account receivable from margin clients are not overdue and considered to have no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Accordingly, these are subject to 12-month ECL.

For  non-credit  impaired  accounts  receivable  arising  from  margin  financing,  the  management  performed  collective assessment and ECL are estimated on a portfolio basis based on the Group's historical default and loss data and adjusted for forward-looking factors that are available without undue cost or effort.

## Liquidity risk

The  Group  has  net  current  liabilities  of  approximately  HK$25,743,000  (2021:  HK$178,627,000)  as  at  31  December  2022. The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  a  going  concern  basis  because  the  directors  of  the Company  believe  that  the  Group  has  sufficient  funds  to  finance  its  current  working  capital  requirements  taking  into account of the factors as disclosed in note 3.

In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate  by  the  management  to  finance  the  operations  and  mitigate  the  effects  of  fluctuations  in  cash  flows.  The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures compliance with all the loan covenants.

## Liquidity tables

As  part  of  ordinary  broking  activities,  the  Group  is  exposed  to  liquidity  risk  arising  from  timing  difference  between settlement with clearing houses or brokers and customers. To address the risk, the treasury team works closely with the settlement division on monitoring the liquidity gap. In addition, for contingency purposes, clean loan facilities are put in place.

The following tables detail the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and lease liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

Specifically,  bank  loans  with  a  repayment  on  demand  clause  are  included  in  the  earliest  time  band  regardless  of  the probability of the banks choosing to exercise their rights. The maturity dates for other financial liabilities are based on the agreed settlement dates.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Liquidity risk (continued)

## Liquidity tables (continued)

The  tables  include  both  interest  and  principal  cash  flows.  To  the  extent  that  interest  flows  are  floating  rate,  the undiscounted amount is derived from prevailing market rate at the end of the reporting period.

| Carrying  Weighted  Within  amount at the  average  1 year or  Between  Between  Total  end of the  effective  repayable  1 to 2  2 to  Over  undiscounted  reporting  interest rate  on demand  years  5 years  5 years  cash flows  period  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 December 2022  Accounts payable  N/A  684,467  -  -  -  684,467  684,467  Other payables  N/A  88,307  -  -  -  88,307  88,307  Financial liabilities arising from  consolidated investment funds  N/A  5,757  -  -  -  5,757  5,757  Borrowings  Note (1)  314,678  67,304  -  -  381,982  375,245  Leases liabilities  Note (2)  147,887  45,383  25,484  -  218,754  210,092  1,241,096  112,687  25,484  -  1,379,267  1,363,868  At 31 December 2021  Accounts payable  N/A  230,923  -  -  -  230,923  230,923  Other payables  N/A  30,280  -  -  -  30,280  30,280  Financial liabilities arising from  consolidated investment funds  N/A  5,551  -  -  -  5,551  5,551  Amount due to an associate  N/A  1,001  -  -  -  1,001  1,001  Borrowings  Note (1)  201,833  44,100  -  -  245,933  235,617  Leases liabilities  Note (2)  132,304  60,302  24,039  -  216,645  207,606  601,892  104,402  24,039  -  730,333  710,978   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) Variable-rate borrowings carry interest at either HIBOR or Hong Kong Prime Rate plus a spread. The prevailing market rate at the end of the reporting period is used in the maturity analysis.

(2) Lease liabilities carry weighted-average interest rate at 4.081% (2021: 4.074%).

Borrowings with a repayment on demand clause are included in the 'within 1 year or repayment on demand' time band in the above maturity analysis. As at 31 December 2022, the aggregate carrying amounts of these bank loans amounted to approximately HK$80,064,000 (2021: HK$35,263,000). Taking into account the Group's financial position, the directors of  the  Company  do  not  believe  that  it  is  probable  that  the  banks  will  exercise  their  discretionary  rights  to  demand immediate payment. The directors of the Company believe that such borrowings will be repaid in accordance with the scheduled  repayment  dates  set  out  in  the  loan  agreements.  As  at  31  December  2022,  assuming  the  banks  will  not exercise their discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment, the aggregate principal and interest cash outflows with one year for such bank loans amount to approximately HK$85,422,000 (2021: HK$35,751,000).

The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments are subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ from the estimated interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Interest rate benchmark reform

As  listed  in  note  32,  the  Group's  HIBOR  bank  borrowings  and  trust  receipt  loans  may  be  subject  to  the  interest  rate benchmark reform. The Group is closely monitoring the market and managing the transition to new benchmark interest rates, including announcements made by the relevant IBOR regulators.

## HIBOR

While the Hong Kong Dollar Overnight Index Average ('HONIA') has been identified as an alternative to HIBOR, there is no plan to discontinue HIBOR. The multi-rate approach has been adopted in Hong Kong, whereby HIBOR and HONIA will co-exist.

For  the  floating  rate  loans  that  are  linked  to  HIBOR,  the  management  expects  the  HIBOR  will  continue  to  maturity. Accordingly,  the  management  does  not  expect  there  is  significant  uncertainty  or  risks  arising  from  the  interest  rate benchmark reform.

## Fair value measurement of financial instruments

This note provides information about how the Group determines fair values of various financial assets.

## Fair value of the Group's financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

Some of the Group's financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period. The following table gives  information  about  how  the  fair  values  of  these  financial  assets  are  determined  (in  particular,  the  valuation technique(s) and input(s) used).

| Fair value as at  Fair value  hierarchy  Valuation technique(s)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Relationship  of  unobservable  inputs to  fair value  Reasonable  significant  change in  unobservable  inputs  Increase(+)/decrease(-)  in fair value of  financial instruments  by reasonable change  in unobservable inputs  31 December  2022  31 December  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at FVTPL  Investments held for trading  - E  quity securities listed in  Hong Kong/the PRC  40,939  4,048  Level 1  Quoted prices in an active market  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  Investment held for long-term  strategic purpose  - U  nlisted investment fund  classified as financial assets  at FVTPL  10,655  8,003  Level 2  Dealing price of the investment  funds derived from the net asset  values of the investment funds  with reference to observable  quoted prices of underlying  investment portfolio in active  markets and fair value of the  remaining assets, as provided  by a broker  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  - Unlisted fund investment  4,812  -  Level 3  Net asset value of the fund  calculated based on the  discounted cash flows of  underlying investments.  Net assets value  The higher the  net assets  value, the  higher the  fair value.  10%  +481/-481  Financial assets at FVTOCI  - Unlisted equity investment  19,975  -  Level 3  Discounted cash flow method  Discount rate:  11.03%  The higher the  discount rate,  the lower the  fair value.  10%  -195/+203  - Unlisted equity investment  4,353  -  Level 3  Market approach  Discount factor  for lack of  marketability:  17%  The higher the  discount factor  for lack of  marketability,  the lower the  fair value.  10%  -89/+90  Price-to-Book  (PB) Ratio*:  2022: 0.56  The higher the PB  ratio, the  higher the fair  value   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* No  sensitivity  analysis  is  performed  as  the  directors  of  the  Company  consider  that  the  impact  from  PB  ratio  is  not material.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

| Financial assets  at FVTPL  HK$'000  As at 1 January 2022  -  Acquisition of subsidiary (Note 36)  5,634  Total losses in profit or loss  (822)  As at 31 December 2022  4,812  Financial assets  at FVTOCI  HK$'000  As at 1 January 2022  -  Acquisition of subsidiary (Note 36)  23,270  Total gains in other comprehensive income  1,058  As at 31 December 2022  24,328   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included  in  other  comprehensive  income  is  an  amount  of  unrealised  gains  of  HK$1,058,000  related  to  unlisted  equity investments  at  FVTOCI  held  as  at  31  December  2022.  Included  in  profit  or  loss  is  an  amount  of  unrealised  loss  of HK$822,000 related to unlisted fund investment at FVTPL held as at 31 December 2022.

There were no transfers between Levels 1 and 2 during both years.

The  directors  of  the  Company  consider  that  the  carrying  amounts  of  other  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values. Such fair values have been determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.

## Financial assets and financial liabilities offsetting

The  disclosures  set  out  in  the  tables  below  include  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  that  are  subject  to  an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement that are either:

- offset in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position; or
- not offset in the consolidated statement of financial position as the offsetting criteria are not met.

Under  the  agreement  of  continuous  net  settlement  made  between  the  Group  and  Hong  Kong  Securities  Clearing Company  Limited  ('HKSCC')  and  brokers,  the  Group  has  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  set  off  the  money  obligations receivable and payable with HKSCC and brokers on the same settlement date and the Group intends to settle on a net basis.

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)

## Financial assets and financial liabilities offsetting (continued)

In  addition,  the  Group  has  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  set  off  the  accounts  receivable  and  payable  with  cash  clients that are due to be settled on the same date and the Group intends to settle these balances on a net basis. The Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the accounts receivable and payable with margin clients and the Group intends to settle the balances on a net basis. Cash and margin clients collectively referred to as the brokerage clients.

Except for balances which are due to be settled on the same date which are being offset, amounts due from/to HKSCC, brokers  and  brokerage  clients  that  are  not  to  be  settled  on  the  same  date,  financial  collateral  including  cash  and securities received by the Group and deposits placed with HKSCC and brokers do not meet the criteria for offsetting in the consolidated statement of financial position since the right of set-off of the recognised amounts is only enforceable following an event of default.

As at 31 December 2022

| Gross  Net  amounts of  amounts  recognised  of financial  financial  assets  Related amounts  Gross  liabilities set  presented  not set off  amounts of  off in the  in the  in the consolidated  recognised  consolidated  consolidated  statement of  financial  statement  statement  financial position  assets after  of financial  of financial  Financial  Collateral  impairment  position  position  instruments  received*  Net amount  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  ## Financial assets  Accounts receivable arising from the business  of dealing in securities and margin financing  270,118  (105,185)  164,933  (2,536)  (122,720)  39,677  Gross  Net  amounts of  amounts  recognised  of financial  financial  liabilities  Related amounts  assets set  presented  not set off  Gross  off in the  in the  in the consolidated  amounts of  consolidated  consolidated  statement of  recognised  statement  statement  financial position  financial  of financial  of financial  Financial  Collateral  liabilities  position  position  instruments  paid  Net amount  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial liabilities  Accounts payable arising from the business  of dealing in securities  569,666  (105,185)  464,481  -  -  464,481   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  These represent market value of shares pledged by customers, which are capped at the outstanding balances of respective customers.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 39.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME

## (A) Share option scheme of the Company

The  Company's  share  option  scheme  ('Share  Option  Scheme')  was  adopted  pursuant  to  an  ordinary  resolution passed at an annual general meeting of the Company held on 21 May 2012 and took effect on the same date. The Share Option Scheme adopted by the Company on 21 May 2012 was terminated pursuant to a resolution passed at  the  special  general  meeting  held  on  30  September  2021.  The  new  share  option  scheme  ('New  Share  Option Scheme') was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed at the special general meeting held on 30 September 2021 in  replacement  of  the  Share  Option  Scheme.  The  options  granted  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  before termination shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with the terms of the options.

The major terms of the Share Option Scheme and the New Share Option Scheme are summarised as follows:

- (i) The purpose is to provide incentives to:
- award and retain the participants who have made contributions to the Company, its subsidiaries and associates, including CFSG and its subsidiaries; or
- attract potential candidates to serve the Group for the benefit of the development of the Group.
- (ii) The participants include any employee, director, consultant, adviser or agent of any members of the Group.
- (iii) The  maximum  number  of  shares  in  respect  of  which  options  might  be  granted  under  the  Share  Option Scheme must not exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of approval of the Share  Option  Scheme  and  such  limit  might  be  refreshed  by  shareholders  in  general  meeting.  The  Share Option Scheme was terminated on 30 September 2021 and therefore no options were available for grant as at 31 December 2022.

Upon the adoption of the New Share Option Scheme, the 10% scheme mandate limit imposed under the New  Share  Option  Scheme  was  refreshed.  The  maximum  number  of  shares  in  respect  of  which  options might be granted under the New Share Option Scheme must not exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of adoption of the New Share Option Scheme and such limit might be refreshed by shareholders in general meeting. The maximum number of shares in respect of which options might be granted was 8,072,018 shares, representing a maximum of 10% of the Company's issued share capital as at 31 December 2022.

However,  the  total  maximum  number  of  shares  which  might  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all  outstanding options  granted  and  yet  to  be  exercised  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme,  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme and any other share option scheme must not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time.

- (iv) The  maximum  number  of  shares  in  respect  of  which  options  might  be  granted  to  a  participant,  when aggregated with shares issued and issuable (including exercised and outstanding options and the options cancelled) under any option granted to the same participant under the Share Option Scheme or any other share option scheme within any 12-months period, must not exceed 1% of the shares in issue from time to time.
- (v) There was no requirement for a grantee to hold the option for a certain period before exercising the option save as determined by the board of directors of the Company and provided in the offer of grant of option.
- (vi) The exercise period should be any period fixed by the board of directors of the Company upon grant of the option but in any event the option period should not go beyond 10 years from the date of offer for grant.
- (vii) The  acceptance  of  an  option,  if  accepted,  must  be  made  within  28  days  from  the  date  of  grant  with  a non-refundable payment of HK$1.00 from the grantee to the Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 39.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)

## (A) Share option scheme of the Company (continued)

- (viii) The exercise price of an option must be the highest of:
- the closing price of the shares on the date of grant which day must be a trading day;
- the average closing price of the shares for the 5 trading days immediately preceding the date of grant; and
- the nominal value of the share.
- (ix) Pursuant to the approval of the special general meeting of the Company on 30 September 2021, the Share Option Scheme was terminated on 30 September 2021. The life of the New Share Option Scheme is effective for 10 years from the date of adoption until 29 September 2031.

All  share-based  compensation  will  be  settled  in  equity.  The  Group  has  no  legal  or  constructive  obligation  to repurchase or settle the options other than by issuing the Company's ordinary shares.

The  following  table  discloses  details  of  the  Company's  share  options  held  by  the  directors,  employees  and consultants of the Group and movements in such holdings:

| Number of share options  Exercise  Outstanding  Outstanding  price  Exercise  as at  Granted  Lapsed  as at  Name of scheme  Date of grant  per share  period  1.1.2022  in 2022  in 2022  31.12.2022  HK$  Directors  Share Option Scheme  16.7.2021  1.450  (Note)  3,200,000  -  -  3,200,000  Consultants  Share Option Scheme  16.7.2021  1.450  (Note)  550,000  -  -  550,000  3,750,000  -  -  3,750,000  Exercisable at 31 December 2022  3,200,000  Number of share options  Exercise  Outstanding  Outstanding  price  Exercise  as at  Granted  Lapsed  as at  Name of scheme  Date of grant  per share  period  1.1.2021  in 2021  in 2021  31.12.2021  HK$  Directors  Share Option Scheme  16.7.2021  1.450  (Note)  -  3,200,000  -  3,200,000  Employees  Share Option Scheme  16.7.2021  1.450  (Note)  -  400,000  (400,000)  -  Consultants  Share Option Scheme  16.7.2021  1.450  (Note)  -  550,000  -  550,000  -  4,150,000  (400,000)  3,750,000  Exercisable at 31 December 2021  1,600,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 39.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)

## (A) Share option scheme of the Company (continued)

Note: The options were granted to the directors and employees of the Group on 16 July 2021 for the provision of services to the Group. The  options  are  subject  to  approval  from  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  and  will  vest  upon  achievement  of  specific performance target, service condition and at the discretion of the board of directors of the Company.

For the options granted to directors, the options must be exercised subject to 2 tranches period as to (i) 50% exercisable from the date of the board of directors of the Company approves the vesting of the options up to 31 July 2022; (ii) 50% exercisable from 1 August 2022 to up to 31 July 2023.

For the options granted to employees, the options must be exercised within one month from the date of the board of directors of the Company approves the vesting of the options. During the year ended 31 December 2022, all options granted to employees lapsed due to cessation of employment of employees of the Group.

In  addition,  the  Group  entered  into  arrangement  with  other  service  providers  in  respect  of  options  on  16  July  2021  for  the provision of satisfactory services to the Group. The service providers will be entitled to the options upon the satisfactory delivery of services  to  the  Group  and  determined  at  the  sole  discretion  of  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company.  The  options  must  be exercised  within  one  month  from  the  date  the  board  of  directors  of  Company  approves  the  entitlement  of  the  options.  At  31 December 2022, there were no satisfactory delivery of services to the Group and thus no share-based compensation expense.

The fair values are calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model ('B-Model'). The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options are based on the best estimation of the directors of the Company. The value of an option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. The inputs into the model were as follows:

| Share options  grant date  16 July 2021  Share price at grant date  HK$1.45  Exercise price  HK$1.45  Expected volatility  288%  Expected life  2 years  Risk-free rate  0.07%  Expected dividend yield  Nil   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company's share price over the previous years.

The  estimated  fair  value  of  share  options  granted  on  16  July  2021  was  approximately  HK$5,769,000,  of  which HK$4,448,000,  HK$556,000  and  HK$765,000  represented  the  fair  value  of  the  share  options  granted  to  the  directors, employees and consultants, respectively.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, HK$2,224,000 (2021: HK$2,224,000) of share-based compensation expenses has  been  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  The  corresponding  amount  of  HK$4,448,000  (2021:  HK$2,224,000)  has  been credited to share-based payment reserve. No liabilities were recognised due to share-based payment transactions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 39.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)

## (B) Share option scheme of the CFSG

The share option scheme was adopted pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed at an annual general meeting of CFSG held on 8 June 2018 (the 'CFSG Share Option Scheme').

The major terms of the CFSG Share Option Scheme are summarised as follows:

- (i) The purpose is to provide incentives to:
- award and retain the participants who have made contributions to the Company and its subsidiaries and associates, including the CFSG and its subsidiaries; or
- attract potential candidates to serve the Group for the benefit of the development of the Group.
- (ii) The participants  include  any  employees  (whether  full  time  or  part  time),  executives  and  officers  (including executive and non-executive directors) and business consultants, agents and legal and financial advisers of the Group.
- (iii) The maximum number of shares in respect of which options might be granted under the CFSG Share Option Scheme must not exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the CFSG as at the date of approval of the CFSG Share Option Scheme and such limit might be refreshed by shareholders in general meeting. The maximum number of CFSG shares was 26,117,477 shares, representing around 10% of the issued share capital of the CFSG as at 31 December 2022. However, the total maximum number of shares which might be issued upon exercise  of  all  outstanding  options  granted  and  yet  to  be  exercised  under  the  CFSG  Share  Option  Scheme and any other  CFSG  share  option  scheme  must  not  exceed  30%  of  the  CFSG  shares  in  issue  from  time  to time.
- (iv) The maximum number of CFSG shares in respect of which options might be granted to a participant, when aggregated  with  CFSG  shares  issued  and  issuable  (including  exercised  and  outstanding  options  and  the options cancelled) under any option granted to the same participant under the CFSG Share Option Scheme or  any  other  CFSG  share  option  scheme  within  any  12-months  period,  must  not  exceed  1%  of  the  CFSG shares in issue from time to time.
- (v) There is  no  requirement for a grantee to hold the option for a certain period before exercising the option save as determined by the CFSG Board and provided in the offer of grant of option.
- (vi) The exercise period should be any period fixed by the CFSG Board upon grant of the option but in any event the option period should not go beyond 10 years from the date of offer for grant.
- (vii) The  acceptance  of  an  option,  if  accepted,  must  be  made  within  28  days  from  the  date  of  grant  with  a non-refundable payment of HK$1.00 from the grantee to the CFSG.
- (viii) The exercise price of an option must be the highest of:
- the closing price of the CFSG shares on the date of grant which day must be a trading day;
- the average closing price of the CFSG shares for the 5 trading days immediately preceding the date of grant; and
- the nominal value of the CFSG share.
- (ix) The life  of  the  CFSG  Share  Option  Scheme  is  effective  for  10  years  from  the  date  of  adoption  until  7  June 2028.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 39.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)

## (B) Share option scheme of the CFSG (continued)

All  share-based  compensation  will  be  settled  in  equity.  The  Group  has  no  legal  or  constructive  obligation  to repurchase or settle the options other than by issuing CFSG ordinary shares.

The following table discloses movements in CFSG's share option scheme from acquisition date till 31 December 2022:

| Number of  options ('000)  As at  21 October  and  Exercise  31 December  Names  Date of grant  Exercise period  price  Note  2022  (HK$)  Directors  29/07/2021  01/08/2021 -  31/07/2023  0.572  (a)  7,200  Employees  29/07/2021  01/08/2021 -  31/07/2025  0.572  (a)  4,500  Individuals providing services  similar to employees  29/07/2021  01/08/2021 -  31/07/2023  0.572  (a)  3,810  15,510  Exercisable as at 31 December 2022  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(a) During  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  a  total  of  15,510,000  options  were  granted  to  directors,  employees  and  individuals, providing services similar to employees of the Group and the granting of the options are subject to the achievement of certain targets  during  the  financial  years  ended  31  December  2021  to  2023  and  2025.  At  31  December  2022,  there  was  no  satisfactory delivery  of  services  to  the  Group  and  thus  no  share-based  compensation  expense  was  recognised  in  the  consolidated  financial statements

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 40.  SHARE AWARD SCHEME

CFSG has adopted a share award scheme on 1 December 2022 (the 'Share Award Scheme'). The Share Award Scheme does not constitute a share option scheme within the meaning of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and is a discretionary scheme of CFSG. However, it shall constitute a share scheme that is funded by existing CFSG Shares and shall be subject to  the  applicable  disclosure  requirements  when the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules comes in effect on 1 January 2023.

The major terms of the Share Award Scheme are summarized as follows:

- (i) The purpose and objectives of the Share Award Scheme are:
- to recognise and motivate the contributions by certain eligible participants and to give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of any member of the CASH Group;
- to  attract  suitable  professional  personnel  beneficial  for  further  growth  of  any  member  of  the  CASH  Group; and
- to provide certain eligible participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between any member of the CASH Group and such eligible participants.
- (ii) The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the CFSG Board.  The CFSG Board may appoint any one or more senior management of CFSG as authorised representative(s) to give instructions or notices to the trustee on all matters in connection with the Share Award Scheme and other matters in the routine administration of the trust. The trustee will hold the CFSG Shares and the income derived therefrom in accordance with the rules of the Share Award Scheme and subject to the terms of the trust deed.
- (iii) The eligible participants include any employees (whether full time or part time) of any member of the CASH Group; any non-executive director of any member of the CASH Group; any adviser (professional or otherwise), consultant to  or  expert  in  any  area  of  business  or  business  development  of  any  member  of  the  CASH  Group;  any  agent, contractor,  client  or  supplier  of  any  member  of  the  CASH  Group;  and  any  other  group  or  classes  of  participants who,  in  the  sole  opinion  of  the  CFSG  Board,  will  contribute  or  have  contributed  to  any  member  of  the  CASH Group.
- (iv) The CFSG Board shall not make any further grant of award of CFSG Shares under the Share Award Scheme such that the total number of CFSG Shares granted under the Share Award Scheme (excluding any awards which have lapsed  or  been  cancelled  in  accordance  with  the  Share  Award  Scheme)  will  exceed  10%  of  the  total  number  of issued CFSG Shares as of the Adoption Date, i.e. 26,117,477 CFSG Shares.

There is no maximum entitlement of each participant.

If  the  relevant purchase would result in the trustee holding in aggregate more than 10% of the total number of issued CFSG Shares as of the Adoption Date, the trustee shall not purchase any further CFSG Shares.

- (v) A selected participant shall be entitled to receive the awarded CFSG Shares held by the trustee in accordance with the vesting schedule when the selected participant has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the CFSG Board at  the  time  of  making  the  award.  Vesting  of  the  CFSG  Shares  will  be  conditional  on  the  selected  participant remaining  an  eligible  participant  until  and  on  each  of  the  relevant  vesting  dates  and  his/her  execution  of  the relevant documents to effect the transfer from the trustee.
- (vi) The  CFSG  Board  or  the  authorised  representative(s)  shall  notify  the  selected  participant  in  writing  within  10 business  days  (or  such  other  day  as  the  CFSG  Board  may  otherwise  determine)  after  an  award  has  been provisionally made to such selected participant and the notice shall contain substantially the same information as that set out in the award notice.  An award shall be deemed to be irrevocably accepted by a selected participant unless the selected participant shall within 5 business days after receipt of such notice from the CFSG Board or the authorised representative(s) notify CFSG in writing that he would decline to accept such award.
- (vii) Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the CFSG Board, the Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date and shall expire on 30 November 2032.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 40.  SHARE AWARD SCHEME (continued)

- (viii) The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any CFSG Shares held under the trust (including but not limited to the awarded CFSG Shares, further CFSG Shares acquired out of the income derived therefrom, the returned CFSG Shares, any bonus CFSG Shares and scrip CFSG Shares).
- (ix) The  total  number  of  CFSG  Shares  available  for  grant  under  the  Share  Award  Scheme  is  26,117,477  CFSG  Shares, representing approximately 10% of the issued CFSG Shares as at the date of this annual report.

Further details of the Share Award Scheme were disclosed in the CFSG's announcement dated 1 December 2022.

No share awards has been granted under the Share Award Scheme during the period from the date of adoption to the end of the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 41.  RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

- (a) The Group operates a MPF Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The assets of the schemes are held separately  from  those  of  the  Group,  in  funds  under  the  control  of  trustees.  Both  the  Group  and  the  employees contribute a percentage of the relevant payroll to the MPF Scheme. The cap of mandatory contribution amount is HK$1,500 per employee per month. Where there are employees who have leave the Group prior to vesting fully in the voluntary contributions, the contributions was payable by the Group are reduced by the amount of forfeited voluntary  contributions.  None  of  the  forfeited  contributions  utilised  in  this  manner  for  the  year  ended  31 December 2022 and 2021.

Certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  participate  in  various  benefits  schemes  operated  by  the  relevant  municipal and provincial governments for its full-time employees in the PRC in accordance with the relevant PRC regulations and rules, including provision of housing provident fund, medical insurance, retirement insurance, unemployment insurance,  labour  injury  insurance  and  pregnancy  insurance.  Pursuant  to  the  existing  schemes,  the  Group contributes 7%, 12%, 22%, 2%, 0.5% and 0.5% of the basic salary of its employees to the housing provident fund, medical  insurance,  retirement  insurance,  unemployment  insurance,  labour  injury  and  pregnancy  insurance respectively.

The employer's contributions to the MPF Schemes and various benefits schemes in the PRC are disclosed in note 8.

- (b) Pursuant to the Employment Ordinance, Chapter 57, the Group has the obligation to pay Long Service Payment ('LSP')  to  qualifying  employees  in  Hong  Kong  upon  retirement,  subject  to  a  minimum  of  5  years  employment period, based on the following formula: Last monthly wages (before termination of employment) × 2/3 × Years of service.

Last  monthly  wages  are  capped  at  HK$22,500  while  the  amount  of  long  service  payment  shall  not  exceed HK$390,000. This obligation is accounted for as a post-employment defined benefit plan.

Furthermore, the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance passed in 1995 permits the Group to utilise the Group's mandatory MPF contributions, plus/minus any positive/negative returns thereof (collectively, the 'Eligible Offset Amount'), for the purpose of offsetting LSP payable to an employee (the 'Offsetting Arrangement').

The Employment &amp; Retirement Schemes Legislation (Offsetting Arrangement) (Amendment) Ordinance 2022 was gazetted on 17 June 2022, which will eventually abolish the Offsetting Arrangement. The Amendment will come into effect prospectively from a date to be determined by the Hong Kong SAR Government, which is expected to be in 2025 (the 'Transition Date'). Under the amended Ordinance, the Eligible Offset Amount after the Transition Date can only be applied to offset the pre-Transition Date LSP obligation but no longer eligible to offset the postTransition Date LSP obligation. Furthermore, the LSP obligations before the Transition Date will be grandfathered and calculated based on the Last monthly wages immediately preceding the Transition Date.

The  Group's  LSP  obligation,  taking  into  consideration  of  the  Offsetting  Arrangement,  is  considered  to  be insignificant and no provision has been recognised as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 42.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

In  addition  to  the  transactions  and  balances  detailed  elsewhere  in  these  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Group entered into the following transactions with related parties:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest expense to a related party  2,427  175   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Compensation of key management personnel

The remuneration of directors of the Company and chief executive which is disclosed in note 11 is determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the performance of individuals and market trends.

## 43.  RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

The  table  below  details  changes  in  the  Group's  liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities,  including  both  cash  and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

| Amount due to  Lease  an associate  Borrowings  liabilities  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note 22)  (note 33)  (note 32)  At 1 January 2021  1,341  162,349  285,947  449,637  Financing cash flows (Note)  (340)  66,895  (174,351)  (107,796)  New lease entered  -  -  85,080  85,080  Interest expense  -  6,373  10,622  16,995  Exchange adjustments  -  -  308  308  At 31 December 2021  1,001  235,617  207,606  444,224  Financing cash flows (Note)  (1,001)  (18,700)  (166,641)  (186,342)  New lease entered  -  -  133,990  133,990  Acquisition of subsidiary (note 36)  -  146,388  26,522  172,910  Interest expense  -  11,940  8,815  20,755  Exchange adjustments  -  -  (200)  (200)  At 31 December 2022  -  375,245  210,092  585,337   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The  financing  cash  flows  include  the  drawdown  of  borrowings,  repayments  of  borrowings,  repayment  of  lease  liabilities  and  related interest paid.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 44.  MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  part  of  the  consideration  for  the  purchase  of  property  and  equipment amounting  to  approximately  HK$1,087,000  were  not  settled  and  included  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial position as other payables.

In addition, the Group entered into new lease contracts and modified certain lease contracts for the use of retail stores for 1 to 6 years. On the lease commencement/modification date, the Group recognised in aggregate of HK$133,990,000 (2021:  HK$86,486,000)  of  right-of-use  assets,  HK$133,990,000  (2021:  HK$85,080,000)  of  lease  liabilities  and  HK$523,000 (2021: HK$476,000) of restoration provision during the year ended 31 December 2022.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  certain  lessors  agreed  to  waive  lease  payments  on  several  leases  and  the Group has derecognised lease liabilities of HK$9,313,000 (2021: HK$11,700,000), which have been recognised as variable lease payments in profit or loss for the year.

## 45.  EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On 19 December 2022, the Group has agreed to transfer 51% equity interest of CASH Algo Finance Group International Limited  to  a  subsidiary  of  CFSG  at  the  consideration  of  HK$61  million,  which  comprised  of  HK$10  million  in  cash  and HK$51 million  by  the  issue  of  the  new  shares  of  CFSG.  The  transfer  will  be  accounted  for  as  equity  transaction  of  the Group. As at the date of this report, the transaction has not yet been completed.

## 46.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

| Nominal value of  Proportion  issued and fully  of nominal  Place of  paid ordinary  value of issued  incorporation/  share capital/  share capital held  Name  operation  registered capital  by the Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  %  %  CASH  Pricerite Home Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$201,170,000  99.01  99.01  Retailing of furniture and  household goods  Pricerite Electrical Appliances  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$1  99.01  99.01  Retailing of electrical  appliances  Pricerite Marketing Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$2  99.01  99.01  Provision of management  services to a fellow  subsidiary  Pricerite Pet Necessities Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$10,000  89.11  89.11  Online retailing of pet  supplies  Cashflow Credit Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$27,242,299  100.00  100.00  Investment holding   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 46.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

| Nominal value of  Proportion  issued and fully  of nominal  Place of  paid ordinary  value of issued  incorporation/  share capital/  share capital held  Name  operation  registered capital  by the Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  %  %  CASH (continued)  Pricerite.com.hk Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$2  99.01  99.01  Online retail of furniture  houselive and foods  Pricerite Food Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$1  99.01  99.01  Retail of food &amp; beverage  TMF Company Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$1  99.01  99.01  Retailing of tailor-made  furniture  Celestial Investments (HK)  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$10,000,000  100  100  Money lending  CASH Algo Finance Group  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$2,000,000  100  100  Investment trading  CASH Talent Investment  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$1  100  100  Investment trading  CASH Frontier Investment  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$1  100  100  Investment trading  CASH Quant-Finance Lab  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$1  100  100  Investment trading  上海群博資產有限公司  PRC  Registered capital  RMB20,000,000  100  100  Provision of asset  management services  群博量化指數增强私募證券  投資基金  PRC  Paid up capital  6,911,659.49 units  N/A  (Note)  58.84  (Note)  Fund investment  群博多策略對冲私募證券  投資基金  PRC  Paid up capital  17,801,259.51 units  99.80  (Note)  96.93  (Note)  Fund investment  CRM (HK)  British Virgin  Islands  Ordinary  HK$35,000,000  99.01  99.01  Investment holding  Celestial Investment  Group Limited  British Virgin  Islands  Ordinary  US$10,000  100  100  Investment holding  Moli Mobile Digital  Entertainment Holdings  Limited ('MMDE')  British Virgin  Islands  Ordinary  US$10,000  89.70  89.70  Investment holding  CFSG  Bermuda/  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$10,446,991  60.49  N/A  Investment holding   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 46.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

| Nominal value of  Proportion  issued and fully  of nominal  Place of  paid ordinary  value of issued  incorporation/  share capital/  share capital held  Name  operation  registered capital  by the Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  %  %  Subsidiaries of CFSG  CASH Asset Management  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$10,000,000  60.49  N/A  Provision of asset  management services  CASH Wealth Management  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$15,000,000  60.49  N/A  Financial advisory  consultancy  CASH Payment Services Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$2  60.49  N/A  Provision of payment  gateway services  Celestial Asset Management  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$6,781,401  60.49  N/A  Provision of treasury  management functions  and investment holding  and trading  Celestial Capital Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$30,000,000  60.49  N/A  Inactive (2021: provision of  corporate finance,  investment and financial  advisory services)  Celestial Finance Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$121,000,002  60.49  N/A  Money lending  Celestial Commodities Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$50,000,000  60.49  N/A  Brokerage of futures and  options  Celestial Securities Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$140,000,000  60.49  N/A  Brokerage of securities and  equity options  CASH Trinity Buillion Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$2  60.49  N/A  Investment holding and  trading  CASH Family Office Company  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$100  30.85  N/A  Investment holding and  trading  Victory Glory Investments  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$1  60.49  N/A  Investment trading  Think Right Investments  Limited  British Virgin  Islands  Ordinary  US$1  60.49  N/A  Properties holding  Celestial Financial Services Limited  British Virgin Islands  Ordinary  US$10,000  60.49  N/A  Investment holding  CASH Mobile Financial Services  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$10,000,000  60.49  N/A  Provision of management  services for group  companies  Celestial (China) Asset  Management Limited  British Virgin Islands  Ordinary  US$500,000  60.49  N/A  Investment holding   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 46.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

| Nominal value of  Proportion  issued and fully  of nominal  Place of  paid ordinary  value of issued  incorporation/  share capital/  share capital held  Name  operation  registered capital  by the Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  %  %  Subsidiaries of CFSG (continued)  Weever FinTech Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$48,500,000  64.93  N/A  Brokerage of  cryptocurrencies  CFSG China Investment Limited  British Virgin Islands  Ordinary  US$1  60.49  N/A  Investment holding  Golden Riverside Industrial  Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary  HK$102  60.49  N/A  Investment holding  CFSG FinTech Group Limited  British Virgin Islands  Ordinary  US$1  60.49  N/A  Investment holding  上海懿睿股權投資基金管理  有限公司  (translated as  Shanghai Yirui Equity  Investment Fund  Management Company  Limited) ('Shanghai Yirui')*  PRC  Ordinary  RMB10,000,000  60.49  N/A  Investment holding  CASH Prime Value Equity OFC  ^  Hong Kong  Redeemable  participating shares  14,016.8 units  60.49  N/A  Investment holding   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Shanghai Yirui is a limited liability company established in the PRC. Shanghai Yirui is indirectly held by the Company through contractual arrangements  by  the  registered  owners,  being  Ms  Wei  Li  (holder  of  95%  of  the  equity  interests)  and  Ms  Mao  Jie  (holder  of  5%  of  the equity interests), of Shanghai Yirui.

# The business was ceased during the year ended 31 December 2021.

^ CASH Prime Value Equity OFC is a consolidated structured entity under the Group.

- Note: For these investment funds, the directors of the Company concluded that the variable returns the Group exposed to are significant, the Group is primarily acting as a principal and not subject to substantive removal rights held by other parties who may remove the Group as an  investment  manager.  Therefore,  the  Group  consolidated  these  investment  funds  throughout  the  reporting  period.  Details  of  the determination of consolidation of investment funds are disclosed in note 4.

All the subsidiaries shown above are indirectly held by the Company. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, a complete list of the particulars of subsidiaries will be of excessive length and therefore the above list contains only the particulars of those subsidiaries which principally affect the results or net assets of the Group.

At the end of the reporting period, the Company has other subsidiaries that are not material to the Group. Majority of these subsidiaries operate in Hong Kong and are investment holding or inactive companies.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 46.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group that have non-controlling interests:

| Proportion of  Place of  ownership interests  incorporation/  and voting rights held by  Loss allocated to  Accumulated non-  Name of subsidiaries  operation  non-controlling interests  non-controlling interests  controlling interests  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  CFSG  Bermuda/Hong  Kong  39.51%  N/A  (1,456)  N/A  133,917  N/A  MMDE  BVI/Hong Kong  10.30%  10.30%  -  -  (40,045)  (40,045)  Individual immaterial subsidiaries with  non-controlling interests  (152)  (217)  1,308  2,099  (1,608)  (217)  95,180  (37,946)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Summarised consolidated financial information in respect of each Group's subsidiaries that has material non-controlling interests  is  set  out  below.  The  summarised  financial  information  below  represents  amounts  before  intragroup eliminations.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 46.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## CFSG and subsidiaries

| At 31 December  2022  HK$'000  Non-current assets  74,198  Current assets  978,935  Non-current liabilities  (698,057)  Current liabilities  (16,218)  Net assets of CFSG  338,858  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  330,320  Non-controlling interests of CFSG  8,538  338,858  From 21 October  2022 to  31 December  2022  HK$'000  Revenue  7,247  Expenses  (9,416)  Loss for the period  (2,169)  Loss for the period attributable to  - the owners of the Company  (1,312)  - non-controlling interests of CFSG  (857)  Loss for the period  (2,169)  Other comprehensive expense for the period attributable to  - the owners of the Company  (1,516)  - non-controlling interests of CFSG  (599)  Other comprehensive expense for the period  (2,115)  Total comprehensive expense for the period attributable to  - owners of the Company  (2,828)  - non-controlling interests of CFSG  (1,456)  Total comprehensive expense for the period  (4,284)  Net cash inflow from operating activities  58,680  Net cash outflow from investing activities  (1,179)  Net cash outflow from financing activities  (5,124)  Net cash inflow  52,377   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 46.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## MMDE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  5,859  5,859  Current assets  1,326  1,326  Current liabilities  (406,341)  (406,249)  (399,156)  (399,064)  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  (359,111)  (359,019)  Non-controlling interests of MMDE  (40,045)  (40,045)  (399,156)  (399,064)  Expenses  (92)  (162)  Loss for the year  (92)  (162)  Loss for the year attributable to  - the owners of the Company  (92)  (162)  - non-controlling interests of MMDE  -  -  Loss for the year  (92)  (162)  Other comprehensive income for the year attributable to  - the owners of the Company  -  20  - non-controlling interests of MMDE  -  -  Other comprehensive income for the year  -  20  Total comprehensive expense for the year attributable to  - the owners of the Company  (92)  (142)  - non-controlling interests of MMDE  -  -  Total comprehensive expense for the year  (92)  (142)  Net cash outflow from operating activities  (92)  (178)  Net cash inflow from financing activities  -  166  Net cash outflow  (92)  (12)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 47.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period includes:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current asset  Amounts due from subsidiaries  461,969  419,154  Current assets  Other receivables  354  367  Bank balance and cash  1,159  1,047  1,513  1,414  Current liabilities  Other payables and accruals  605  556  Borrowings  60,000  -  Amounts due to subsidiaries  115,746  75,637  176,351  76,193  Net current liabilities  (174,838)  (74,779)  Net assets  287,131  344,375  Capital and reserves  Share capital  16,144  16,144  Reserves  270,987  288,056  Total equity  287,131  304,200  Non-current liability  Borrowings  -  40,175  287,131  344,375   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 47.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)

Reserves of the Company:

| (Accumulated  Share  losses)  Share  Contributed  option  retained  premium  surplus  reserve  profits  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  629,127  149,719  -  (463,514)  315,332  Loss and total comprehensive  expense for the year  -  -  -  (9,320)  (9,320)  Recognition of equity-settled  share-based payments  -  -  2,224  -  2,224  Amount transferred to accumulated  losses  (550,000)  -  -  550,000  -  Dividend recognised as distribution  during the year  -  -  -  (20,180)  (20,180)  At 31 December 2021  79,127  149,719  2,224  56,986  288,056  Loss and total comprehensive  expense for the year  -  -  -  (7,185)  (7,185)  Recognition of equity-settled  share-based payments  -  -  2,224  -  2,224  Amount transferred to retained profits  (75,000)  -  -  75,000  -  Dividend recognised as distribution  during the year  -  -  -  (12,108)  (12,108)  At 31 December 2022  4,127  149,719  4,448  112,693  270,987   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The summary of the consolidated results and assets and liabilities  of  the  Group  for  the  last  five  financial  years,  as  extracted from the audited financial statements as appropriate, is set out below:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  RESULTS  Revenue  1,210,887  1,368,066  1,379,513  1,387,769  1,420,264  (Loss) profit before taxation  (44,735)  (39,841)  46,284  (92,720)  (200,614)  Income tax credit (expense)  9,486  (3,426)  (5,310)  (7,632)  (4,325)  (Loss) profit for the year  (35,249)  (43,267)  40,974  (100,352)  (204,939)  Attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (33,641)  (43,050)  39,985  (99,392)  (202,415)  Non-controlling interests  (1,608)  (217)  989  (960)  (2,524)  (35,249)  (43,267)  40,974  (100,352)  (204,939)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY (CONTINUED)

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  Property and equipment  40,495  27,364  40,090  46,020  56,293  Right-of-use assets  193,590  187,060  261,604  341,378  -  Goodwill  39,443  39,443  39,443  39,443  39,443  Interests in associates  -  183,535  196,055  197,266  259,494  Intangible assets  52,552  43,460  43,460  43,460  43,460  Other non-current assets  65,823  28,571  40,303  45,386  48,258  Current assets  1,394,639  502,530  482,208  408,096  414,057  Total assets  1,786,542  1,011,963  1,103,163  1,121,049  861,005  Current liabilities  1,420,382  681,157  687,265  668,790  547,856  Long term borrowings  -  40,175  -  44,266  24,514  Long term lease liabilities  68,061  81,112  149,938  227,530  -  Other non-current liabilities  6,825  6,825  6,825  9,955  8,324  Total liabilities  1,495,268  809,269  844,028  950,541  580,694  Net assets  291,274  202,694  259,135  170,508  280,311  Equity attributable to the  owners of the Company  196,094  240,640  296,864  199,238  307,397  Non-controlling interests  95,180  (37,946)  (37,729)  (28,730)  (27,086)  291,274  202,694  259,135  170,508  280,311   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No restatement is  made  in  respect  of  the  adoption  of  HKFRS  16  to  the  consolidated  results  and  assets  and  liabilities  of  the Group for the financial years ended 31 December 2018.

## DEFINITIONS

In this annual report, the following expressions have the following meanings unless the context requires otherwise:

| 'AGM(s)'  the annual general meeting(s) of the Company  'Audit Committee'  the audit committee of the Company established pursuant to the CG Code of the Listing  Rules  'Board'  the board of Directors  'CAFG' or 'CAFG Group'  CASH Algo  Finance  Group  International  Limited,  a  company  incorporated  in  the  British  Virgin  Islands  with  limited  liability,  and  its  subsidiaries,  which  are  principally  engaged  in  algorithmic trading business  'Cash Guardian'  Cash Guardian Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited  liability,  is  the  substantial  Shareholder of the Company and an associate of Dr Kwan Pak  Hoo Bankee  'CASH Wealth Management'  CASH Wealth Management Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited  liability,  is  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company  via  CFSG.  It  is  a  licensed  corporation  under  the  SFO which is engaged in types 1 (dealing in securities), 4 (advising on securities) and 9  (asset management) regulated activities  'Celestial Securities'  Celestial Securities Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability,  is a subsidiary of the Company via CFSG. It is a licensed corporation under the SFO which  is engaged in type 1 (dealing in securities) regulated activity  'CEO'  the chief executive officer of the Company  'CFO'  the chief financial officer of the Company  'CFSG'  CASH  Financial  Services  Group  Limited  (stock  code:  510),  a  company  incorporated  in  Bermuda  with  limited  liability  and  its  shares  are  listed  on  the  Main  Board.  CFSG  is  a  60.49%-owned listed subsidiary of the Company  'CFSG Board'  the board of directors of CFSG  'CFSG Group'  CFSG and its subsidiaries  'CFSG Share Option Scheme'  the  existing  share  option  scheme  of  CFSG  adopted  by  CFSG  pursuant  to  an  ordinary  resolution passed at an annual general meeting of CFSG held on 8 June 2018  'CFSG Share(s)'  ordinary share(s) of HK$0.04 each in the share capital of CFSG  'CG Code'  the Corporate Governance Code as contained in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules  'CIGL'  Celestial Investment Group Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands  with limited liability, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company  'Company' or 'CASH'  Celestial Asia Securities Holdings Limited (stock code: 1049), a company incorporated in  Bermuda with limited liability and the Shares are listed on the Main Board  'Company Secretary'  the company secretary of the Company  'Directors'  the directors of the Company  'ED(s)'  the executive Director(s) of the Company   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEFINITIONS

| 'Group'  the Company and its subsidiaries  'INED(s)'  the independent non-executive Director(s) of the Company  'Listing Rules'  The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange  'Main Board'  the main board of the Stock Exchange  'Management'  the management team of the Company  'Model Code'  the  required  standards  of  dealings  regarding  securities  transactions  by  Directors  or  the  Model  Code  for  Securities  Transactions  by  Directors  of  Listed  Issuers  as  set  out  in  the  Listing Rules  'New Share Option Scheme'  the existing share option scheme of the Company adopted by the Company pursuant to  an  ordinary  resolution  passed  at  the  SGM  held  on  30  September  2021.  The  New  Share  Option Scheme, which was in place of the Old Share Option Scheme, took effect on 30  September 2021  'Nomination Committee'  the nomination committee of the Company established pursuant to the CG Code of the  Listing Rules  'Old Share Option Scheme'  the  share  option  scheme  adopted  by  the  Company  pursuant  to  an  ordinary  resolution  passed at the AGM held on 21 May 2012. The Old Share Option Scheme was terminated  pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed at the SGM held on 30 September 2021  'Pricerite' or 'Pricerite Group'  Pricerite Group Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited  liability,  and  its  subsidiaries  (including  Pricerite  Home  Limited,  TMF  Company  Limited,  SECO Living  Company Limited,  Pricerite  Food  Limited  and  Pricerite  Pet  Caring  Limited),  which mainly conduct the retail management business in Hong Kong under multi-brand  names including 'Pricerite Home', 'TMF', 'SECO', 'Pricerite Food' and 'Pricerite Pet'  'Remuneration Committee'  the  remuneration  committee  of  the  Company  established  pursuant  to  the  CG  Code  of  the Listing Rules  'SFC'  the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission  'SFO'  the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)  'SGM(s)'  the special general meeting(s) of the Company  'Share(s)'  ordinary shares of HK$0.20 each in the share capital of the Company  'Shareholder(s)'  holder(s) of the Share(s)  'Stock Exchange'  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited  'HK$'  Hong Kong dollar(s), the lawful currency of Hong Kong  'RMB'  Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC  'US$' or 'USD'  United States dollar(s), the lawful currency of the United States  'Hong Kong' or 'HKSAR'  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEFINITIONS

'PRC'

the People's Republic of China

'UK'

United Kingdom

'US'

United States

If there is any inconsistency in this report between the Chinese and English versions, the English version shall prevail.