<!-- image -->

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## 世紀娛樂國際控股有限公司

Century entertainment international Holdings limited

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability) (Stock Code: 959)

## Contents

| Corporate Information  2  Chairman's Statement  3  Management Discussion and Analysis  5  Corporate Governance Report  11  Directors' Report  28  Independent Auditor's Report  45  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  48  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  49  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  51  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  52  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  54  Five-year Financial Summary  136   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Information

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive

Mr. Ng Man Sun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Ms. Ng Wai Yee

## Independent Non-executive

Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina Mr. Li Chi Fai

Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Li Chi Fai (Chairman) Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina

Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia

## COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE

Ms. Ng Wai Yee (Chairlady) Mr. Li Chi Fai Mr. Man Yun Wah (Company Secretary)

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina (Chairlady) Ms. Ng Wai Yee

Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Ng Man Sun (Chairman)

Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina

Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia

## COMPANY SECRETARY

## AUDITOR

UniTax Prism (HK) CPA Limited

## LEGAL ADVISER

Cheng, Yeung &amp; Co.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS CONSULTANT

DLK Advisory Limited

## STOCK CODE

959

## BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Secretaries Limited Level 54, Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Clarendon House 2 Church Street Hamilton HM11 Bermuda

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

G02, Shun Tak Centre 168-200 Connaught Road Central Sheung Wan Hong Kong

Mr. Man Yun Wah

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of  the  board  (the  ' Board ')  of  directors  (the  ' Directors ')  of  Century  Entertainment  International  Holdings Limited  (' Century  Entertainment '  or  the  ' Company ';  stock  code:  959)  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively,  the ' Group '), I present herewith the audited consolidated results for the year ended 31 March 2022 (the ' Year under Review ') (the ' 2022 Annual Results ').

## COMPANY OVERVIEW FOR THE YEAR

Stepping  into  the  third  year  of  COVID-19,  the  pandemic  has  continued  to  place  unprecedented  challenges  on  the global  economy.  The  citywide  lockdowns  and  stringent  social  restrictions  have  caused  disruption  to  the  global  travel and tourism industry. In Cambodia, certain casinos had to close down temporarily to curb the spread of the pandemic. Various  construction  projects  were  also  put  on  hold,  with  many  construction  workers  returning  to  their  hometown  and moving  out  of  key  economic  areas,  causing  a  decrease  in  local  consumption.  Compounded  by  the  recent  global recession, the Group's operation and business development has been unavoidably affected.

Yet,  despite  the  fluctuating  market  situation,  we  did  not  pause  our  effort  in  further  expanding  our  business.  We continued to explore various feasible business opportunities in the Year under Review. We actively communicated with the local government to coordinate the pace of operation and management, closely monitor on the change of policies and regulation to ensure gambling table construction can be carried out under a safe environment. We have also done our very best to implement strict anti-pandemic measures, ensure and promote a hygienic, healthy and safe environment for  both  our  customers and employees upon the launch of our gaming tables and speed up the progress of launching the new gaming tables. Unfortunately, the opening schedule has been delayed multiple times, which greatly impacted our  business.  The  Group  honored  the  importance  of  combating  the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  this  could  not  have been done without  the  support  and  efforts  from  all  parties  despite  inevitably  affecting  the  operations.  Our  group  has always been supporting the government's measures to fight against the pandemic and are committed to stand by the government and people and do everything we can at this difficult time.

## OUTLOOK AND PROSPECT

Cambodia, as one of the countries with the highest vaccination rate, is on its road to recovery. On 23 March 2022, the  Ministry  of  Tourism  of  the  Kingdom  of  Cambodia  has  further  announced  the  reopen  for  fully  vaccinated  travellers without  quarantine  and  the  Visa  on  Arrival  service  have  been  resumed.  Many  Southeast  Asian  countries,  including Thailand  and  Singapore,  have  also  lifted  the  travel  quarantine  policy  and  fully  open  to  visitors  who  have  vaccinated more  than  two  doses.  We  believe  that  this  can  further  boost  the  global  travel  and  tourism  industry.  According  to  of the Kingdom of Cambodia, it is forecasted that there will be one million international tourists and about eight millions domestic trips by the end of 2022, with tourism visits and spending expected to return to pre-pandemic levels in 2023. According to the Tourism Statistics Department, Ministry of Tourism, 6.61 million international visitors visited Cambodia before the pandemic in 2019.

## Chairman's Statement

Looking forward, the Company will consider business restructuring and focus on our core business and gaming related operations. Leveraging our extensive experience of gaming landscape, we will utilize our expertise know-how and core capability in gaming operations and replicate its application to other business areas and regions. We believe this can further diversify our geographical risk and risk hedging. As the reopening of the assigned gaming tables is on schedule, we believe that it will bring a prominent prospect in the future. The successful vaccination rollout in Cambodia, together with  the  fully-reopened  border,  we  are  confident  that  the  Kingdom's  economy  will  soon  return  to  normality  while  our business can further ride on the market recovery and regain the momentum.

## WORDS OF APPRECIATION

On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to our management and staff for their determined efforts and invaluable contributions during the past year. I wish to also express my appreciation to our shareholders for their unequivocal support. The Group will continue to forge ahead, aiming to achieve sustainable growth and generate long-term value for our shareholders.

## Ng Man Sun

Chairman

Hong Kong, 30 June 2022

The Directors of the Company hereby report the audited consolidated annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022. The 2022 Annual Results have been reviewed by the audit committee of the Company (the ' Audit Committee ').

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

The  principal  activities  of  the  Group  are  investment  holdings,  operating  the  gaming  tables  in  Cambodia,  the development of innovative intellectual properties and technological solutions in connection with AR/VR applications to clients, and operating the VIP room in Cambodia which had been terminated with effect from 1 June 2020.

The  Group  recorded  a  revenue  of  approximately  HK$0.2  million  for  the  continuing  operations  for  the  Year  under Review,  decreasing  approximately  72.5%  as  compared  to  approximately  HK$0.7  million  last  year.  The  decrease  in revenue  was  mainly  attributable  to  the  spread  of  COVID-19  and  the  temporary  closure  of  all  casinos  in  Cambodia since 1 April 2020 affecting the gaming table business and also that the work on the re-opening of the casino is still in progress. Net loss for the Year under Review was approximately HK$3.7 million, decreasing approximately 91.4% as compared to approximately HK$43.0 million last year. The change in net loss for the year ended 31 March 2022 was mainly  due  to  fair  value  gain  on  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  increased approximately  by HK$43.1 million.

## Capital Structure

As at 31 March 2022, the Company's total number of issued shares was 128,247,561 at HK$0.01 each (31 March 2021: 128,247,561 at HK$0.01 each). The Group's consolidated liabilities totalled approximately HK$26.7 million, representing  an  increase  of  approximately  HK$3.7  million  as  compared  to  net  liabilities  of  approximately  HK$23.0 million as at 31 March 2021.

## Subscription of the Convertible Bond

On  30  December  2020,  the  Company  entered  into  a  subscription  agreement  (the  ' Subscription  Agreement ') (as  supplemented  by  a  supplemental  subscription  agreement  dated  15  January  2021)  with  Mr.  Ng  Man  Sun  ('the Subscriber '),  a  substantial  Shareholder,  executive  Director,  the  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the Company. The Company has indebted to the Subscriber a total of HK$71,271,758 as at the date of the Subscription Agreement  (the  ' Indebted  Amount ')  which  is  interest  free,  unsecured  and  has  no  fixed  repayment  term.  Pursuant to  the  Subscription  Agreement  (as  supplemented  by  a  supplemental  subscription  agreement),  the  Subscribers  have conditionally  agreed  to  subscribe,  and  the  Company  has  conditionally  agreed  to  issue  a  convertible  bond  in  the principal amount of HK$50,000,000 (the ' Convertible Bond '). The subscription amount payable by the Subscribers under  the  Subscription  Agreement  shall  be  satisfied  by  releasing  the  payment  obligation  of  HK$50,000,000  of  the Company against  the  Indebted  Amount.  The  holder  of  the  Convertible  Bond  shall  have  the  right  to  convert  in  whole or  in  part  (in  an  integral  multiple  of  HK$1,000,000)  of  the  Convertible  Bond  into  shares  of  the  Company  at  the conversion price of HK$0.50 per share.

The  subscription  of  the  Convertible  Bond  was  approved  by  the  shareholders  at  the  special  general  meeting  of  the Company held on 1 March 2021. All other conditions precedent under the Subscription Agreement (as supplemented by  a  supplemental  subscription  agreement)  have  been  fulfilled  on  31  March  2021  and  the  Convertible  Bond  in  the principal  amount  of  HK$50,000,000  was  issued.  The  Convertible  Bond  will  mature  on  30  September  2022,  being 18 months from the date of issue. Immediately after the issue of the Convertible Bond, the Subscriber is interested in the Convertible Bond in the aggregate principal amount of HK$50,000,000 (which entitles the Subscriber to subscribe for 100,000,000 shares of the Company at the conversion price of HK$0.50 per share, subject to adjustments) and none of the Convertible Bond is converted as at 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this announcement.

Further details of the subscription of the Convertible Bond were set out in the circular of the Company dated 5 February 2021 and the announcements of the Company dated 30 December 2020, 15 January 2021, 1 March 2021 and 31 March 2021.

## Liquidity and Financial Resources

The  Group  adopts  a  prudent  treasury  policy.  It  finances  its  operations  and  investments  with  internal  resources,  cash revenues generated from operating activities and proceeds from equity fundraising activities.

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  total  assets  and  net  liabilities  of  approximately  HK$133.6  million  (2021: approximately  HK$114.4  million)  and  HK$26.7  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$23.0  million),  comprising  noncurrent  assets  of  approximately  HK$38.4  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$65.4  million)  and  current  assets  of approximately  HK$95.2  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$49.0  million).  The  Group  also  did  not  have  any  noncontrolling interests (2021: Nil), current liabilities of approximately HK$160.2 million (2021: approximately HK$96.4 million) and did not have any non-current liabilities of (2021: approximately HK$41.0 million).

The  Group's  gearing  ratio,  calculated  as  a  ratio  of  total  debt  to  total  assets,  was  approximately  120.0%  (2021: 120.1%). As at 31 March 2022, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$3.8 million (2021: approximately HK$3.5 million).

## Foreign Exchange and Currency Risks

It  is  the  Group's policy for its operating entities to operate in their corresponding local currencies to minimise currency risks. The principal businesses of the Group are conducted and recorded in Hong Kong dollars, United States dollars, Renminbi and Macau Patacas. As its exposure to foreign exchange fluctuation is minimal, the Group does not see the need for using any hedging tools.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

## Overview

The  COVID-19  outbreak  has  continued  to  bring  unprecedented  challenges  to  the  global  economy  in  2021.  Socialdistancing measures and lockdowns have halted the travel and tourism industry, which is one of the pillars supporting the Cambodian economy. According to the survey conducted by the Asia Foundation in the first half of 2021, nearly 47% of tourism-related businesses in Cambodia have been forced to shut down since the beginning of the pandemic. The downward pressure continued in the second half of the Year, as the emergence of new variants has triggered new wave of uncertainties and challenges to the macroeconomy.

Due to  the  COVID-related  slowdowns,  construction  projects  in  Cambodia  were  interrupted.  Most  construction  workers had to go back to their hometowns due to the suspended operation, impacting the local economy. As at 31 December 2021, despite Cambodia being one of the countries with the highest vaccination rates, travel restrictions remained in place all over the world and the global tourism industry was still largely halted. Total number of visitors to Cambodia dropped  from  1.3  million  in  2020  to  196,495  in  2021,  representing  a  sharp  decrease  of  85%.  As  a  result,  the absence of international tourist and local consumers has further brought pressure to the Group's operation.

During  the  Year  under  Review,  the  Group  has  maintained  constant  communication  with  the  Assignors  with  regards to  the  operation  of  the  gaming  table  business  and  has  paid  its  best  efforts  in  exploring  various  feasible  business opportunities.  Unfortunately,  the  resurgence  of  COVID-19  pandemic  and  additional  time  required  to  fulfill  relevant conditions precednet caused further delay in the gaming table operation.

## Gaming Table Business in Cambodia

The Company has entered into an assignment agreement (the ' Assignment Agreement ') with Victor Mind Global Limited  (' VMG '),  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company  and  Lion  King  Entertainment  Company  Limited  (' Lion King '), the assignor (the ' Assignor ') of the Gaming Table Business Rights and a company wholly-owned by Mr. Ng Man Sun  (' Mr.  Ng '),  the  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the  Company  on  28  October  2019  regarding the assignment of the business rights of the four mass gaming tables (the ' Gaming Table Business ') at the casino named Century Entertainment in Sunshine Bay Hotel located at Sihanoukville Municipal of Cambodia.

In view of the fluctuating market environment, several adjustments have been made to the operation of the gaming table business  with  six  additional  supplemental  framework  agreements  (dated  5  February  2021,  30  April  2021,  30  July 2021, 4 November 2021, 7 March 2022 and 29 June 2022). The casino in Sihanoukville has eventually relocated to  a  new  casino  in  Dara  Sakor,  Koh  Kong  Province.  VMG  has  been  granted  the  gaming  table  business  rights  for  a period of five years from the date when the mass market of the new casino re-open.

On 4 November 2021, the Company has been notified by the Assignor that the new casino has commenced operation on 4 November 2021 and that two gaming tables were assigned to VMG to operate. It is noted that the new casino has been fully reopened by February 2022. Yet, as additional time is required to fulfill the conditions precedent, the three  parties  entered  into  a  fifth  supplemental  framework  agreement  on  7  March  2022,  of  which  the  long  stop  date has been further extended to 30 June 2022.

After  the  reporting  period,  on  28  June  2022,  as  additional  time  is  required  to  fulfill  the  conditions  precedent,  VMG, Lion  King  and  Mr.  Ng  had  entered  into  a  sixth  supplemental  framework  agreement  to  further  extend  the  long  stop date  to  30  September  2022.  All  other  terms  and  conditions  of  the  supplemental  framework  agreement  shall  remain unchanged and shall continue in full force and effect.

The  Group  will  keep  the  Shareholders  and  potential  investors  informed  by  the  way  of  announcement  as  and  when appropriate in accordance with the Listing Rules. The Group remains positive towards its business prospects as the mass gaming tables are targeted to begin operation by late September and begin contributing revenue in the second half of 2022.

## Augmented reality (' AR ')/Virtual reality (' VR ') entertainment

The  businesses  of  Explicitly  Grand  Investments  Limited,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Group,  and  its  subsidiaries (collectively  the  ' Explicitly Grand Group ')  have  been  affected  by  the  outbreak  of  COVID-19  since  early  January 2020.  In  light  of  the  gloomy  market  sentiment,  the  demand  for  its  products  and  services  was  negatively  impacted. Despite  the  improving  market  environment  in  the  country  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2021  supported  by  the  success of  vaccination  program,  the  international  tourism  market  remained  at  a  standstill  due  to  the  impacts  of  COVID-19 outbreak,  together  with  strict  border  restrictions  and  social  distancing  measures  remained  in  place  in  many  countries. This  has  thus  led  a  difficulty  in  securing  new  orders  and  acquiring  new  customers  during  the  Year.  Explicitly  Grand Group contributed revenue of approximately HK$0.2 million to the Group.

The  Group  has  constantly  monitored  the  operation  of  its  AR/VR  entertainment  business.  Given  the  uncertainties  of the  business  environment,  the  Company  holds  a  more  conservative  approach  towards  the  business  operation  of  the Explicitly Grand Group. The Company considers potential deals to conduct business restructuring while focusing on the core business of the gaming table business.

## Environmental Policy

The Group has devoted its greatest efforts in promoting conservation and environmental sustainability. Our environmental strategy is to achieve a balance between the quality and efficiency of our services and the minimization of greenhouse gas emissions and environmental degradation. Accordingly, Energy efficient lightings have been installed in the office to  reduce  energy  consumption and the Group has also continuously monitored its waste and paper consumption such as use of recycled paper and double-sided printing.

Details of the environmental, social and governance practices adopted by the Group are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which will be published as a separate report on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange no later than 31 August 2022.

## Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Compliance  procedures  are  in  place  to  ensure  adherence  to  applicable  laws,  rules  and  regulations.  The  work  of our  Board  and  the  Board  committees,  in  particular  the  compliance  committee  of  the  Company  (the  ' Compliance Committee '), contributes to our commitment to compliance efforts. During the Year under Review, the Company was not aware of any non-compliance with any relevant laws and regulations that had a significant impact on it.

## Relationship with Employees

The Group actively manages its employee relations on which its success depends. The Group believes that developing superior  human  resources  with  knowledge,  skill  and  experience  is  essential  to  the  achievement  of  its  objectives. Specifically,  the  Group  provides  in-house  training,  subsidy  for  attending  seminars  and  encourages  sharing  of  ideas through  employees'  meeting.  These  training  and  development  enable  the  Group  to  enhance  improvement  in  the knowledge and skills needed from the employees as they become one of the key strengths of the Group.

## Relationship with Customers and Suppliers

The  Directors  believe  that  maintaining  good  relationships  with  customers  has  been  one  of  the  critical  reasons  for  the Group's  success.  Our  business  model  is  to  maintain  and  build  on  our  strong  relationships  within  our  client  base.  To deliver the best products and experiences to our valued customers, we engaged with them by collecting their views and assessing their expectations through a wide range of communication channels. The Group is constantly looking ways to improve customer relations through enhanced services.

The  Group  has  maintained  good  relationship  with  the  suppliers  to  ensure  their  continued  support  to  the  Group  in  the foreseeable future.

## ADDRESSING ALL CONCERNS RAISED BY THE COMPANY'S AUDITORS

In the audited report of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022, the Company's auditors issued disclaimer of opinion on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

The  Group  has  a  net  labilities  position  of  approximately  HK$26.7  million  mainly  attributable  to  other  borrowings  of HK$100.2 million and convertible bond of HK$46.5 million. In this regard, the Board will use their best endeavours to take practicable and feasible actions to resolve the issue including, but not limited to, the following means:

- i) The Management will closely monitor the development of the Gaming Table Business and put it into operation as soon as possible in order to generate sufficient cash inflow to support operation.
2. ii) The  Management  will  negotiable  with  creditors  of  the  Group  to  propose  debt  reconstruction  with  the  view  to reducing the liabilities to the Group.
3. iii) The Management will discuss with the holder of the convertible bond on the possibilities to convert the convertible bond into equity shares prior to the maturity date.

The Board and the Audit Committee had critically reviewed the basis for disclaimer of opinion and the measures to be taken by the Company for addressing the basis for disclaimer of opinion. The Board and the Audit Committee agreed with  the  Management's position based on the proposals above and requested the Management to take all necessary actions  to  address  the  effect  on  the  basis  for  disclaimer  of  opinion.  The  Group  will  publish  further  announcement regarding the above matters if there is any progress on the resumption of the Gaming Table Business and/or agreement entered into with the creditors and/or the convertible bond holder.

## OUTLOOK AND PROSPECT

Despite  the  new  wave  of  pandemic  sweeping  through  many  major  countries,  the  full  recovery  of  the  global  tourism industry  back  to  pre-pandemic  levels  is  still  on  the  right  track.  The  Cambodian  government  has  exhibited  strong resilience  and  taken  proactive  actions  to  combat  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  such  as  vaccination  programs  in  hope to  achieve  herd  immunity.  As  of  22  June  2022,  there  were  nearly  89%  of  its  16  million  population  have  been  fully vaccinated with two doses of COVID-19 vaccines. The Country has also opened its borders to fully vaccinated visitors starting  from  15  November  2021  in  an  effort  to  revitalize  the  tourism  industry.  With  the  effective  vaccination  rollout, Cambodia's  economy  is  forecast  to  grow  5.5%  in  2022  despite  a  modest  reduction  of  1.9%  for  2021  amid  the prolonged  COVID-19  outbreak,  according  to  the  Asian  Development  Bank  (' ADB ').  Compounding  with  the  ease  of border  restrictions  and  economic  rebound,  the  Group  began  to  see  its  first  twilight  in  the  tunnel  of  recovery  in  the Cambodian tourism industry.

Despite  the  headwinds  encountered  in  2021,  the  Company  is  confident  that  2022  will  mark  a  fresh  start  for  its business.  Riding  on  the  market  recovery,  the  Group  will  focus  on  improving  its  core  competitiveness  to  facilitate  longterm growth by paying continuous attention to the market trends and keeping a close monitor of the COVID-19 situation. With the hope of economic recovery and the assignment of the gaming tables, the Group is dedicated to regaining its growth momentum by improving its business operations and seizing further market opportunities in the coming year.

The  Group  continues  to  commit  itself  to  maintaining  a  high  standard  of  corporate  governance  with  emphases  on enhancing  transparency  and  accountability  and  assuring  of  good  application  of  practices  and  procedures  within  the Group and enhancing performance thereby, augmenting shareholders' value and benefiting our stakeholders at large.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The  Company  has  applied  the  principles  of,  and  complied  with  all  applicable  code  provisions  as  set  out  in  the Corporate Governance Code (the ' CG Code ') in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  (the  ' Listing  Rules ')  throughout  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  with  the exception of certain deviations as further explained below.

Code provision C.2.1 (A.2.1 of the former CG Code) provides that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.

Mr. Ng Man Sun currently assumes the roles of both the chairman (the ' Chairman ') of the Board and chief executive officer  (the  ' CEO ')  of  the  Company.  The  Board  believes  that  the  roles  of  Chairman  and  CEO  performed  by  Mr.  Ng provide  the  Group  with  strong  and  consistent  leadership  and  are  beneficial  to  the  Group  especially  in  planning  and implementation of the Company's business strategies. The Board will regularly review effectiveness of such arrangement.

Code provision A.4.1 of the former CG Code provides that non-executive directors should be appointed for a specific term, and subject to re-election.

None of the non-executive Directors, being all existing independent non- executive Directors, is appointed for a specific term. However, all independent non-executive Directors are subject to retirement by rotation but eligible for re-election at  least  once  every  three  years  at  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  (the  ' AGM ')  in  accordance  with  the Bye-laws of the Company. The Company has also received the confirmation of independence from each independent non-executive Director and has grounds to believe that they are independent of the Company.

Code provision F.2.2 (E.1.2 of the former CG Code) provides that the chairman of the board should attend the annual general meeting.

Due  to  other  business  commitments,  Mr.  Ng  Man  Sun,  being  the  chairman  of  the  Board,  was  unable  to  attend  the AGM held on 15 September 2021. He had arranged Ms. Ng Wai Yee, who is an executive Director and is  very familiar with the Group's business and operations, to attend and chair the AGM.

The Company periodically reviews its corporate governance practices and policy to ensure that they continue to meet the requirements of the CG Code, and acknowledges the important role of the Board in providing effective leadership and direction to the Company's business, and ensuring transparency and accountability of the Company's operations.

As such, the Company considers that sufficient measures have been in place to ensure that the Company's corporate governance practices and policy are no less exacting than the CG Code.

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The  Company  has  adopted  the  Model  Code  for  Securities  Transactions  by  Directors  of  Listed  Issuers  (the  ' Model Code ') as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct for securities transactions by the Directors and has adopted written guidelines no less exacting than the Model Code for the relevant employees in respect of their dealings in the Company's securities.

Having made specific enquiries to all Directors, all Directors confirm that they have complied with the required standard as stated in the Model Code regarding securities transactions throughout the year ended 31 March 2022.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Responsibilities

The  Board,  led  by  the  Chairman,  Mr.  Ng  Man  Sun,  provides  leadership,  devises  and  approves  policies,  strategies and  plans,  and  oversees  their  implementation  to  further  the  healthy  growth  of  the  Company  in  the  interests  of  its shareholders.  The  day-to-day  management,  administration  and  operations  of  the  Company  and  implementation  of  the Board's decisions are delegated to the CEO and the executive Directors.

## Board Diversity Policy

Recognizing  and  embracing  the  benefits  of  having  a  diverse  member  of  the  Board  to  uphold  corporate  governance, the  Company announced the Board Diversity  Policy  to  set  out  clear  guidelines  in  designing  the  Board's  composition, in  terms  of  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  ethnicity,  professional  experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Board may seek to improve one of more aspects of its diversity at any given time, and measure its progress accordingly.

Currently, Mr. Ng Man Sun, Ms. Ng Wai Yee, Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi Fai and Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia are the members of the Board. The Board is confident that its members will continue to work towards a common goal and vision for the best interests of the Group and its shareholders.

## Nomination Policy

The Board has adopted a Nomination Policy which aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirement of the Company's businesses. In determining the suitability of  a  candidate,  the  nomination  committee  of  the  Company  (the  ' Nomination  Committee ')  and  the  Board  shall consider the following criteria:

- the candidate's personal ethics, reputation, character and integrity;
- the  candidate's  qualifications,  skills,  knowledge,  business  judgment  and  experience  that  are  relevant  to  the operations of the Group;
- willingness to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board;
- the Board Diversity Policy for achieving diversity on the Board;
- the  candidate  for  the  position  of  an  independent  non-executive  Director  must  comply  with  the  independence criteria as prescribed under the Listing Rules; and
- any other factors that the Nomination Committee and/or the Board may consider appropriate.

These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive.

The Nomination Committee identifies individual(s) suitably qualified to become board members, having due regard to the  Nomination  Policy  and  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  and  assesses  the  independence  of  the  proposed  independent non-executive  Director(s)  as  appropriate.  The  Nomination  Committee  also  considers  each  retiring  Director,  having due regard to the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, and assesses the independence of each retiring independent  non-executive  Director.  In  recommending  candidates  for  appointment  to  the  Board  or  re-appointment  of retiring Directors to the Board, the Nomination Committee will convene a meeting to evaluate each proposed Director on merit against objective criteria and with due regards to the benefits of the Board. The Nomination Committee shall make recommendations by submitting the proposed Director's personal profile to the Board for its consideration.

For  each  proposed  new  appointment  or  re-appointment  of  a  Director,  the  Nomination  Committee  shall  obtain  all applicable  declarations  and  undertaking  as  required  under  the  laws  of  Bermuda  and  the  Listing  Rules.  The  Board shall  have  the  final  decision  on  all  matters  relating  to  the  recommendation  of  candidates  to  stand  for  election  (and re-election) at a general meeting. The ultimate responsibility for the selection and appointment of Directors rests with the entire Board.

## Board Composition

The Board currently consists of five members, including two executive Directors, namely Mr. Ng Man Sun (the Chairman and CEO) and Ms. Ng Wai Yee; and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi Fai and Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia. Their biographical details are set out on page 35 of this report and are posted on the Company's website. The list of Directors (by category) is also disclosed in all corporate communications issued by the Company from time to time pursuant to the Listing Rules.

Except  that  Ms.  Ng  Wai  Yee  is  the  daughter  of  Mr.  Ng  Man  Sun,  to  the  best  knowledge  of  the  Board,  there  is  no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship between each Board member.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The roles and responsibilities respectively of the Chairman and CEO are clearly defined and set out in writing, and are now both exercised by Mr. Ng Man Sun.

The  Chairman provides leadership and is responsible  for  effective  functioning  of  the  Board  in  accordance  with  good corporate governance practices and standard. With the full support of the management of the Company, the Chairman is  principally  responsible  for  determining  the  overall  strategy  and  corporate  development  and  ensuring  the  business operations are properly monitored.

The  CEO,  with  the  full  support  of  the  management  of  the  Company,  focuses  on  implementing  objectives,  policies and  strategies  approved  and  delegated  by  the  Board.  He  is  in  charge  of  the  Company's  day-to-day  management and  operations.  He  is  also  responsible  for  developing  strategic  plans  and  formulating  the  Company  practices  and procedures, business objectives, and risk assessment for the Board's approval.

The functions reserved to the Board and those delegated to the management have been formalized in writing and are periodically reviewed by the Board to ensure that they remain appropriate to the Company's needs.

## Independence of Independent Non-executive Directors

Composition  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  reflects  the  necessary  balance  of  skills  and  varied  business experiences of different geographical regions and independence in their decision making for effective and constructive contribution  to  the  Board  for  governance  of  the  Company.  The  Board  currently  has  three  independent  non-executive Directors  representing  more  than  one-third  of  the  Board  and  one  of  them  possessing  appropriate  professional qualification in accounting or related financial management expertise.

Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi Fai and Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia had served as independent non-executive Directors for more than 9 years. During their tenure of office, Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi Fai and Ms. Sie Nien  Che,  Celia  had  been  able  to  fulfill  all  the  requirements  regarding  independence  of  independent  non-executive Director  and  provide  annual  confirmation  of  independence  to  the  Company  under  Rule  3.13  of  the  Listing  Rules.  The Board  is  not  aware  of  any  foreseeable  events  that  may  occur  and  affect  the  independences  of  Ms.  Yeung  Pui  Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi Fai and Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia and believes that they are and shall continue to be independent of  the  Company.  The  Board  will  continue  to  review  the  independence  of  Ms.  Yeung  Pui  Han,  Regina,  Mr.  Li  Chi Fai  and  Ms.  Sie  Nien  Che,  Celia  annually.  During  their  years  of  appointment,  they  have  demonstrated  their  ability to  provide  an  independent  view  to  the  Company's  matters.  Their  wealth  of  skills,  knowledge  and  experience  have enabled them to contribute meaningfully and objectively to the Board as independent non-executive Directors and their independence from management was not considered to have been diminished by their years of service.

The Nomination Committee had taken into account the respective contributions of Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi  Fai  and  Ms.  Sie  Nien  Che,  Celia  to  the  Board  and  their  commitment  to  their  roles.  The  Nomination  Committee was satisfied that each of Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi Fai and Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia has the required integrity,  skills  and  experience  to  continue  fulfilling  the  role  of  an  independent  non-executive  Director,  and  that  Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi Fai and Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia's long service on the Board would not affect their exercise  of  independent  judgement.  Through  exercising  the  scrutinizing  and  monitoring  function  of  independent  nonexecutive director, they had contributed to the effectiveness of the Board for the interest of the Shareholders.

The Company has received written annual confirmation of independence from each independent non-executive Director pursuant  to  Rule  3.13  of  the  Listing  Rules.  The  Company  considers  all  independent  non-executive  Directors  to  be independent in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

## Board Meetings

All  Directors  have  full  and  timely  access  to  the  management  for  any  information  to  enable  them  to  make  informed decisions,  as  well  as  the  advice  and  services  of  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company  (the  'Company  Secretary') with  a  view  of  ensuring  that  Board  procedures  and  all  applicable  rules  and  regulations  are  followed.  The  Board  has agreed  procedures  to  enable  each  Director  to  seek  independent  professional  advice  in  appropriate  circumstances  at the Company's expenses.

Each  Director  has  given  sufficient  time  and  attention  to  the  affairs  of  the  Company.  Owing  to  the  Chairman's encouragement to the Directors to make full and active contribution to the affairs of the Board, a culture of openness and  debate  is  developing  among  the  Directors  to  ensure  Board  decisions  fairly  reflected  consensus.  Seven  Board meetings  and  one  general  meeting  of  the  Company  were  held  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  and  the attendances of each Board member are set out below:

| Number of meetings  attended/eligible to attend  Board  meetings  General  meetings  Executive Directors  Mr. Ng Man Sun (Chairman and CEO)  0/7  0/1  Ms. Ng Wai Yee  7/7  1/1  Independent Non-executive Directors  Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina  7/7  1/1  Mr. Li Chi Fai  7/7  1/1  Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia  3/7  1/1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Board meeting schedules and draft agendas of each meeting are made available to the Directors in advance. Notice of  each  regular  Board  meeting  is  served  to  all  Directors  at  least  14  days  before  the  meeting.  For  other  Board  or Board  committee  meeting,  reasonable  notice  is  generally  given.  Board  papers  together  with  all  adequate,  accurate, appropriate,  clear,  complete  and  reliable  information  are  sent  to  all  Directors  at  least  3  days  before  each  Board meeting or Board committee meeting or promptly upon request by the Directors to keep the Directors apprised of the latest developments and financial position of the Company. With the full support of the management of the Company, such Board papers and materials are provided in a timely manner and in a form and quality sufficient with appropriate explanation to enable the Board to make informed decisions.

The Company Secretary is responsible for keeping minutes of all Board meetings and Board committee meetings. Draft minutes  are  normally  circulated  to  the  Directors  for  comments  within  a  reasonable  time  after  each  meeting  and  the final  version  is  open  for  the  Directors'  inspection.  According  to  the  current  Board  practices,  any  material  transaction, which involves a conflict of interests for a substantial shareholder or a Director, will be considered and dealt with by the  Board  at  a  duly  convened  Board  meeting.  The  Company's  Bye-laws  also  contain  provisions  requiring  Director(s) to  abstain  from  voting  and  not  to  be  counted  in  the  quorum  at  meetings  for  approving  transactions  in  which  such Director(s) or any of his/her/their associates have a material interest.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of possible legal action against their Directors and officers.

## Appointment and re-election of Directors

The  Company  has  established  formal,  considered  and  transparent  procedures  for  the  appointment  of  the  Directors. The Nomination Committee is responsible for considering the suitability of individual to act as a Director and to make recommendations to the Board on appointment or re-election of Directors.

All  Directors  entered  into  letters  of  appointment  with  the  Company  without  specific  term  of  office.  However,  their  term of  office  each  is  the  period  up  to  his/her  retirement  by  rotation  or  retirement,  but  eligible  for  re-election  at  general meetings of the Company in accordance with the Company's Bye-laws. In accordance with the Company's Bye-laws, the  Company may from time to time in general meeting elect any person to be a Director to fill a casual vacancy or as  an  addition  to  the  Board.  The  Directors  shall  have  power  from  time  to  time  to  appoint  any  person  as  a  Director either to fill a casual vacancy or, subject to the authorization by shareholders in general meeting, as an addition to the Board. Any Director so appointed shall hold office only until the next following general meeting (in the case of filling a casual vacancy) or until the next following AGM (in the case of an addition to the Board), and shall then be eligible for re-election at that meeting. At each AGM, one-third of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation provided that each Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years at the AGM.

Each Director has disclosed to the Company at the time of his/her appointment or election, and in a timely manner of any changes in number of offices held in public companies or organizations and other significant commitments. A list of the Directors identifying their roles and functions is available on the websites of Company and the Stock Exchange. The Directors and their biographical details as at the date of this report are set out on page 35 of this report.

## Directors' Training and Continuous Professional Development

Every  new  Director  received  a  comprehensive,  formal  and  tailored  induction  at  the  time  of  his/her  appointment  or election,  so  as  to  ensure  that  he/she  has  appropriate  understanding  of  the  operations  and  business  of  the  Company, and  that  he/she  is  fully  aware  of  his/her  responsibilities  under  the  Listing  Rules  and  relevant  other  regulatory requirements and the Company's business and governance policies.

Directors are continually updated on the latest development of the Listing Rules, legal and other regulatory requirements to  ensure  compliance and upkeep of good corporate governance practice. The Company encourages all Directors to participate  in  continuous  professional  development  to  develop  and  refresh  their  knowledge  and  skill.  During  the  Year under Review and up to the date of this report, all Directors have provided their records of training they received to the Company for record and a summary of which is as follows:

| Forms of continuous training and  professional development (Notes)  Directors  Executive Directors  A  B  C  Mr. Ng Man Sun  √  √  -  Ms. Ng Wai Yee  √  √  -  Independent Non-executive Directors  Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina  √  √  -  Mr. Li Chi Fai  √  √  √  Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia  √  √  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- A. Reading new/journal/magazine/other reading materials and/or attending in-house training as regards legal and regulatory changes and matters of relevance in the discharge of the duties as a listed company director. Each of the Directors has attended the training session arranged by the Company on the updates on ESG matters.
- B. Reading memoranda issued or information and materials provided from time to time by the Company regarding the business of the Group, legal and regulatory changes and matters of relevance in the discharge of the duties as a listed company director.
- C. Participation in continuous professional training and seminars/conferences/courses/workshops on subjects relating to directors' duties, corporate governance and other matters of relevance.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

Four Board committees, namely Audit Committee, Compliance Committee, remuneration committee of the Company (the ' Remuneration Committee ')  and  the  Nomination  Committee  were  established  under  the  Board  to  oversee  their respective functions set out below, and to report to the Board on their decisions or recommendations. Each committee or  each  committee  member  is  allowed  to  obtain  independent  professional  advice  and  services  at  the  Company's expenses.

## Audit Committee

As  at  31  March  2022  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Audit  Committee  comprised  three  independent  nonexecutive Directors, namely Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi Fai and Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia, and is chaired by Mr. Li Chi Fai who has substantial accounting and related financial management expertise.

The main duties of the Audit Committee are to review, monitor and provide supervision over the Company's financial reporting  process,  risk  management  and  internal  control  system,  perform  corporate  governance  duties  delegated  by the  Board  and  maintain  an  appropriate  relationship  with  the  Company's  auditor.  The  roles  and  functions  of  the  Audit Committee are clearly set out in terms of reference which are no less exacting than the CG Code and are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Four  Audit  Committee  meetings  were  held  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022.  The  attendances  of  each  Audit Committee member are set out as follows:

| Number of  meetings  attended/  eligible to  attend  Independent Non-executive Directors  Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina  4/4  Mr. Li Chi Fai  4/4  Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia  4/4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  major  works  performed  by  the  Audit  Committee  during  the  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report  include  the following:

- -reviewed  and  recommended  for  the  Board's  approval  the  draft  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the Year  under  Review  together  with  the  auditor's  report  attached  thereto  and  the  draft  announcement  of  the  2021 Annual Results, and the draft unaudited consolidated financial statements and announcement of the interim result for the six months ended 30 September 2021 (the ' 2021 Interim Results ').
- -reviewed tax issues, compliance and salient features of 2022 Annual Results and 2021 Interim Results.
- -discussed with the auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations.
- -considered  and  recommended  to  the  Board  for  the  terms  of  engagement  and  fee  proposals  provided  by  the auditor.
- -reviewed the appointment of the auditor.
- -recommended  to  the  Board  for  the  proposal  for  the  re-appointment  of  UniTax  Prism  (HK)  CPA  Limited  as  the auditor of the Company at the forthcoming AGM.

- -reviewed the appointment of the internal auditor and the internal audit plan.
- -reviewed the effectiveness of the financial controls, risk management and internal control system of the Company.
- -reviewed the Company's application of its policy and practices of corporate governance and disclosures in this report.
- -reviewed the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management.
- -reviewed  arrangements  for  employees  of  the  Group  to  raise  concerns  about  possible  improprieties  in  financial reporting, internal control or other matters.

The  chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  will  report  the  findings  and  recommendations,  if  any,  to  the  Board  after  each meeting. During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Board had no disagreement with the Audit Committee's view on the selection and appointment of the external auditor.

## Compliance Committee

As at 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report, the Compliance Committee comprised one executive Director, namely Ms. Ng Wai Yee, one independent non-executive Director, namely Mr. Li Chi Fai and the Company Secretary, Mr. Man Yun Wah, and is chaired by Ms. Ng Wai Yee.

The main duties of the Compliance Committee are to formulate, review, approve, and monitor the Company's policies and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory  requirements,  supervise  the  implementation  and  monitor the  efficiency  and  effectiveness  of  the  compliance  management  system.  The  roles  and  functions  of  the  Compliance Committee are clearly set out in terms of reference which are no less exacting than the CG Code and are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

One  Compliance  Committee  meeting  was  held  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022.  The  attendances  of  each Compliance Committee member are set out as follows:

| Number of  meetings  attended/  eligible to  attend  Ms. Ng Wai Yee  1/1  Mr. Li Chi Fai  1/1  Mr. Wong Sze Lok (resigned on 1 February 2022)  1/1  Mr. Cheung Tai Chi (resigned on 28 February 2022)  1/1  Mr. Man Yun Wah (appointed on 28 February 2022)  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The major works performed by the Compliance Committee during the year and up to the date of this report include the following:

- -reviewed the Company's compliance with the CG code and disclosure in the CG Report.
- -reviewed the Company's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
- -monitored the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management.
- -prepared  and  submitted  summary  reports  to  the  Board  on  the  overall  compliance  performance  and  corporate governance practices of the Company.

## Remuneration Committee

As at 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report, the Remuneration Committee comprised one executive Director, namely Ms. Ng Wai Yee, and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina and Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia, and is chaired by Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina.

The  main  duties  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  are  to  review  the  Company's  policy  on  remuneration  structure, approve the management's remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives of the Company, recommend to  the  Board  on  the  remuneration  packages  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors,  review  and  determine  the remuneration packages for the Executive Directors with delegated responsibility according to the model set out in code provision B.1.2(c)(i) of the CG Code as adopted by the terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee. No Director will  determine  his/her  own  remuneration.  The  roles  and  functions  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  are  clearly  set  out in  the  terms  of  reference  which  are  no  less  exacting  than  the  CG  Code  and  are  available  on  the  websites  of  the Company and the Stock Exchange.

One Remuneration Committee meetings were held during the year ended 31 March 2022. The attendances of each Remuneration Committee member are set out below:

| Number of  meetings  attended/  eligible to  attend  Executive Director  Ms. Ng Wai Yee  1/1  Independent Non-executive Directors  Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina  1/1  Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia  1/1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The major works performed by the Remuneration Committee during the year and up to the date of this report include the following:

- -recommended to the Board on the remuneration packages of the independent non-executive Directors.
- -reviewed the terms of services contracts of all Directors.
- -reviewed and approved the remuneration package of each Executive Director and senior management including benefit in kind, pension right and bonus payment.
- -determined remuneration proposals of the management linked with the Company's performance towards its goals and objectives and individual performance.
- -considered  the  Group's  position  relative  to  comparable  companies,  time  commitment  and  responsibilities  and employment conditions in terms of remuneration packages and salary payments.

## Nomination Committee

As at 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report, the Nomination Committee comprised one executive Director, namely Mr. Ng Man Sun, and two independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina and Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia, and is chaired by Mr. Ng Man Sun.

The main duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity (including but not limited to  gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service) of the Board, make recommendations on the selection of individual to act as a Director and on appointment or re-election of Directors to complement the corporate strategy of the Company, and assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors. The roles and functions of the Nomination Committee are clearly set out in terms of reference which are no less exacting than the CG Code and are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

One  Nomination  Committee  meeting  was  held  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022.  The  attendances  of  each Nomination Committee member are set out below:

| Number of  meetings  attended/  eligible to  attend  Executive Director  Mr. Ng Man Sun  0/1  Independent Non-executive Directors  Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina  1/1  Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia  1/1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  continued  to  monitor  the  board  composition  in  order  to  maintain  an  appropriate  mix  and  balance  of talent,  skills,  experience  and  background  on  the  Board.  The  major  works  performed  by  the  Nomination  Committee during the year and up to the date of this report include the following:

- -reviewed  the  structure,  size  and  diversity  (including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service) of the Board.
- -recommended to the Board on re-election of the Directors.
- -assessed the independence of independent non-executive Directors.

## REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The remuneration paid to and/or entitled by each of the Directors and senior management for the Year under Review is set out in notes 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements for the Year under Review.

## AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the fees paid and payable to UniTax Prism (HK) CPA Limited in respect of audit services and non-audit services were HK$700,000 and HK$100,000 respectively.

The non-audit services fee charged by UniTax Prism (HK) CPA Limited was for review of interim results.

The  management  would  identify  the  risks  associate  with  the  business  of  the  Group  by  considering  both  internal  and external  factors  and  events  which  include  political,  economic,  technology,  environmental,  social  and  staff.  Each  of risks  has  been  assessed  and  prioritised  based  on  their  relevant  impact  and  occurrence  opportunity.  The  relevant risk  management  strategy  would  be  applied  to  each  type  of  risks  according  to  the  assessment  results,  type  of  risk management strategy has been listed as follow:

- -Risk retention and reduction: accept the impact of risk or undertake actions by the Group to reduce the impact of the risks;
- -Risk avoidance: change business process or objective so as to avoid the risk;
- -Risk sharing and diversification: diversify the effect of the risk or allocate to different location or product or market;
- -Risk transfer: transfer ownership and liability to a third party.

The internal  control  systems  are  designed  and  implemented  to  reduce  the  risks  associated  with  the  business  accepted by the Group and minimise the adverse impact results from the risks. The risk management and internal control system are  design  to  manage  rather  than  eliminate  the  risk  of  failure  to  achieve  business  objectives,  and  can  only  provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The  Audit  Committee  and  the  Board,  having  considered  the  availability  of  internal  resources  and  the  qualification requirement  of  internal  audit,  agreed  to  engage  an  external  advisory  firm  to  undertake  the  internal  audit  function  to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the risk management and internal control system of the Group. No significant deficiency  and  weakness  on  the  internal  control  system  has  been  identified  by  the  external  advisory  firm  for  the  year ended 31 March 2022.

The Board considered that, for the year ended 31 March 2022, the risk management and internal control system and procedures  of  the  Group,  covering  all  material  controls  including  financial,  operational  and  compliance  controls  and risk management functions were reasonably effective and adequate.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Man Yun Wah (' Mr. Man ')  has  professional  qualification  and  extensive  experiences  to  discharge  his  duties  as the Company Secretary of the Company. He reports to the Chairman and CEO. He is mainly responsible for advising the  Board  on  governance  matters,  promoting  Directors'  participation  in  continuing  professional  development  training, ensuring good flow of information among the Board members and the Board policy and procedures are followed.

During  the  Year  under  Review,  Mr.  Man  has  attended  no  less  than  15  hours  of  professional  training  to  refresh  and develop his skills and knowledge.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS

The  CG  Code  requires  the  Company  to  have  an  ongoing  dialogue  with  shareholders  and  it  is  the  responsibility  of the  Board as a whole to ensure that satisfactory dialogue takes place. The Company's AGM provides a useful forum for  the  shareholders  to  exchange  views  with  the  Board  and  the  Company  welcomes  the  shareholders  to  attend  the AGM. The  Directors  and  representative(s)  of  the  auditor  of  the  Company  will  attend  the  AGM  and  be  available  to answer shareholders' questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditor's report, the accounting policies and auditor independence.

Separate  resolutions  are  proposed  at  general  meetings  on  each  substantially  separate  issue,  including  election  or  reelection of individual Directors at the AGM, and all resolutions put to the vote of a general meeting were taken by way of a poll. The results of the poll were published on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange respectively.

Another communication channel between the Company and its shareholders is through the publication of its interim and annual reports and other publications of the Company from time to time. The Company's branch share registrar serves the shareholders with respect to all share registration matters.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## Procedures for Shareholders to Convene Special General Meeting

Shareholders  holding  at  the  date  of  deposit  of  the  requisition  not  less  than  one-tenth  of  the  paid  up  capital  of  the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary of the Company, to require a special general meeting (the ' SGM ') to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such SGM shall be held within  two  months  after  the  deposit  of  such  requisition,  provided  that  such  written  requisition  is  verified  to  be  valid, proper and in order.

The  requisition  must  state  the  purposes  of  the  SGM,  and  must  be  signed  by  the  requisitionists  and  deposited  at  the Company's head office  and  principal  place  of  business  in  Hong  Kong  and  may  consist  of  several  documents  in  like form each signed by one or more requisitionists.

If  within  twenty-one  days  of  such  deposit  the  Board  fails  to  proceed  to  convene  such  SGM,  the  requisitionists themselves,  or  any  of  them  representing  more  than  one  half  of  the  total  voting  rights  of  all  of  them,  may  convene  a SGM, but the SGM so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the said date.

## Shareholders' Enquires to the Board

Investors  or  shareholders  are  welcomed  to  contact  the  Group's  investor  relations  consultant  for  any  enquires.  Their contact details are as follows:

DLK Advisory Limited Room 906, 9/F. Nan Fung Tower 88 Connaught Road Central Hong Kong

Details  of  the  poll  voting  procedures  and  rights  of  shareholders  to  demand  a  poll  are  included  in  the  circular  to shareholders  dispatched  together  with  the  annual  report.  The  circular  also  includes  details  of  the  procedures  and  the timetable of proposing appropriate candidates to stand for election as Directors at an AGM, and the requirements of relevant  details  of  proposed  resolutions,  including  biographies  of  each  candidate  standing  for  election  and  whether such candidates are considered to be independent.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS

The  Group  believes  that  maintaining  active  communication  and  operational  transparency  is  vital  to  building  good investor  relations.  During  the  year,  the  Group  has  retained  a  professional  public  relation  company  to  maintain continuous  communication  with  various  investors  and  held  meetings  regularly  with  analysts  and  institutional  investors from around the world, if appropriate.

## DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

The  Company's  auditors,  UniTax  Prism  (HK)  CPA  Limited,  issued  a  disclaimer  of  opinion  on  the  Company's  financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. The management of the Company, including the Directors, maintained discussion  with  the  auditors  from  time  to  time  on  the  audit  engagement  and  audit  findings,  including  but  not  limited to the going concern issue of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022. It was understood that the valuation to  be  conducted  for  the  intangible  assets  of  the  Company  (i.e.  the  intangible  asset  arising  from  the  non-competition agreement  in  connection  with  the  Group's  AR/VR  applications  operation  and  the  intangible  asset  arising  from  the license  right  of  gaming  tables  in  connection  with  the  Group's  gaming  table  business  in  Cambodia)  would  be  critical and would affect their opinion to be expressed in relation to the going concern issue.

Through the different means of communications among the management, the Audit Committee and the auditors during the audit for the year ended 31 March 2022, the management and the Audit Committee realised the key audit matters and going concern issue of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022.

During  the  audit  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  an  independent  professional  valuer  had  been  engaged  to conduct  valuations  on  the  Company's  intangible  assets  in  accordance  with  the  requirements  of  the  accounting standards.  The  working  paper  of  the  valuation  reports  became  available  on  28  June  2022  and  a  series  of  meetings were held among the management, the auditors and the valuer until the annual results announcement of the Company dated  30  June  2022  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  to  discuss,  including  but  not  limited  to,  the  valuation approach, assumptions, projection and details of the valuation reports. The auditors were of the view that as a result of  the  severe  business  interruption  in  Cambodia  due  to  the  continuous  outbreak  of  COVID-19,  the  resumption  of  the casino's  business  was  subject  to  the  development  of  COVID-19  epidemic.  The  auditors  understood  that  the  Company has been undertaking measures (as detailed below) to improve the Group's liquidity and financial position, however, the validity of the going concern basis depends on the outcome of these measures and therefore issued the Disclaimer of Opinion regarding going concern.

On  16  May  2022,  the  Audit  Committee  had  a  meeting  with  the  auditors  for  discussion  on,  among  others,  the  key audit matters and going concern issue, and the possible disclaimer of opinion to be expressed for the year ended 31 March 2022 where the uncertainties relating to going concern could not be resolved.

On 30 June 2022, the Audit Committee had a meeting the auditors to discuss the auditor's report and the audit issues. During  the  meeting  the  auditors  explained  the  basis  for  their  disclaimer  of  opinion  regarding  going  concern  and  the Company's proposed measures to address this issue. The Audit Committee discussed with the auditors on this issue and the potential impact to the Group and inquired the management's view regarding the disclaimer of opinion expressed by the auditors and corresponding action plans to resolve the going concern issues.

The management is of the view that, given:

1. the  borrowings  from  Mr.  Ng  Man  Sun  (' Mr.  Ng '),  an  executive  Director,  chairman  of  the  Board,  the  chief executive  officer  and  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  of  HK$42,179,000  was  included  in  other borrowings of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022, which Mr. Ng undertook to the Company that he will not call for repayment;
2. Mr. Ng undertook to the Company that he will further provide sufficient financial assistance to the Group as and when necessary for the purpose of working capital for a period of at least 12 months until 30 June 2023;
3. Mr.  Ng  has  provided  personal  guarantee  to  the  borrowings  due  to  independent  third  parties  at  a  sum  of HK$33,429,000 included in the other borrowings for the year ended 31 March 2022; and
4. a convertible bond amounted to HK$46,475,000 in fair value is held by Mr. Ng and he is able to convert the convertible bond into equity shares subject to the compliance of the terms and conditions of the convertible bond and/or corresponding Listing Rules and Takeover Codes,

the net liabilities position of the Company would not lead to significantly adverse financial impact to the Company for the year ending 31 March 2023.

In addition, the management of the Company also have implemented the re-opening plan of the Gaming Table Business to  be  located in a new casino in Dara Sakor Investment Zone, Cambodia and, provided that the development of the COVID-19 epidemic situation has continued to subside, target to commence the operation as soon as possible. Upon the commencement and satisfactory operation of the Gaming Table Business, there will have sufficient working capital to support the operations of the Company.

As at 31 March 2022, the Group has a net liabilities position of approximately HK$26.7 million mainly attributable to (i) other borrowings of approximately HK$100.2 million and convertible bond of approximately HK$46.5 million.

In  this  regard,  the  Board  has  been  using  its  best  endeavours  to  take  practicable  and  feasible  actions  to  resolve  the issue, including but not limited to the following:

1. The management will closely monitor the development of the Gaming Table Business and put it into operation as soon as possible. Upon the commencement of the Gaming Table Business, the projected annual net cash inflow (as detailed below) are sufficient to cover the expected annual operating costs of the Group. The Company has been  informed  that  the  training  and  testing  of  the  casino  system  will  be  implemented  as  soon  as  possible  and it  is  expected  that  the  casino  will  be  re-opened  and  the  Gaming  Table  Business  will  commence  operation  in September 2022 after the completion of the above procedures. At the initial stage of the reopening of the casino, it  is  planned  that  a  total  of  two  mass  gaming  tables  would  be  operated  under  the  Assignment  Agreement  and would be subsequently adjusted subject  to  regular  operation  review.  The  final  number  of  gaming  tables  will  be determined after the fulfillment of conditions precedent as detailed in the Supplemental Framework Agreements. In any event that there would be further delay on the commencement of the Gaming Table Business, the Company would assess the impact on the Company's going concern and operations and Mr. Ng is willing to maintain his continuous  financial  assistance  to  the  Group  as  mentioned  above  for  mitigating  adverse  financial  impact  to  the Group.

2. The  management  will  negotiate  with  creditors  of  the  Group  to  propose  debt  reconstruction  with  the  view  to reducing  the  liabilities  of  the  Group.  The  management  (i)  has  maintained  internal  discussion  on  the  possible timeline and the negotiation terms; (2) has been seeking legal advice; and (iii) will make further announcement in due course.
3. The management will discuss with the holder of the convertible bond, Mr. Ng, on the possibilities to convert the convertible bond into equity shares prior to the maturity date. As at the date of this report, the convertible bond has not yet converted into equity shares of the Company yet.

It  was  noted  that  there  is  no  urgency  for  the  Company  to  repay  the  above  indebtedness  in  the  next  12  months  until 30 June 2022 as they are personally guaranteed by or due to Mr. Ng. In addition, Mr. Ng is willing to maintain his financial assistance to the Group for the purpose of working capital of the Group.

A meeting of the Board was held on 30 June 2020 for the purposes of, among others, discussing the issues of going concern  and  sufficient  operation  of  the  Group.  The  Board  was  aware  of  the  disclaimer  of  opinion  expressed  by  the auditors  and  the  management's  proposed  action  plans.  The  action  plans  have  been  communicated  with  the  auditors prior to the publication of the annual results announcement of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 and no negative feedback was expressed by the auditors. The auditors understood and agreed that successful implementation of  the  action  plans  would  lead  to  removal  of  disclaimer  of  opinion  for  the  year  ending  31  March  2023  and  their concerns  on  these  plans  had  been  detailed  in  their  Auditor's  Report.  The  Board  agreed  that  the  going  concern  issue could be resolved and the disclaimer of opinion would be removed in the Company's financial statements for the year ending  31  March  2023  if  the  proposed  action  plans  are  successfully  executed  and  requested  the  management  to act promptly. Although a concrete timeline has not been made, the Board is of the view that if points 2 and 3 of the abovementioned  action  plan  could  be  confirmed  by  January  2023,  it  is  expected  that  the  net  assets  position  of  the Group could be restored before 31 March 2023. Whether the Company's operation can generate sufficient working capital, however, is subject to the development of the Gaming Table Business and the development of the COVID-19 epidemic. In addition, the Audit Committee has reviewed and agreed with the Board and the management's position concerning the going concern issue.

Due to the adverse ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 epidemic, the Company believed that it is appropriate to focus on  the  existing  Gaming  Table  Business  rather  than  explore  other  gaming  related  business  opportunities  for  the  time being  as  most  of  the  leading  land-based  casinos  in  Asia-Pacific  are  currently  encountering  unprecedented  challenges due to travel restrictions and the post-impacts of COVID-19 to the land-based casinos industry are still unclear.

The Directors present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

The principal activity of the Company is investment holdings. The principal activities of its subsidiaries during the year are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements for the Year under Review.

An  analysis  of  the  Group's  performance  for  the  year  by  operating  segments  is  set  out  in  note  7  to  the  consolidated financial statements for the Year under Review.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 48.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).

The forthcoming AGM will be held on Friday, 16 September 2022. A notice of which shall be sent to the shareholders of  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  Bye-laws  of  the  Company,  the  Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable  laws  and regulations.

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For  determining  the  Shareholders'  entitlement  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  forthcoming  AGM,  the  register  of  members  of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 13 September 2022 to Friday, 16 September 2022, both days inclusive, during which no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. To be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all  transfer  forms  accompanied  by  the  relevant  share  certificates  must  be  lodged  with  the  Company's  Hong  Kong branch share registrar, Tricor Secretaries Limited at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Hong Kong (as  from  15  August  2022,  17/F.,  Far  East  Finance  Centre,  16  Harcourt  Road,  Hong  Kong)  for  registration  not  later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 12 September 2022 or at another time and/or date as advised.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The  Company  has  adopted  a  dividend  policy  (the  ' Dividend  Policy ')  setting  out  the  principles  and  guidelines regarding declaration and payment of dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of  the  Board.  In  deciding  whether  to  propose  a  dividend  and  in  determining  the  dividend  amount,  the  Board  shall consider,  among  others,  (a)  the  Company's  actual  and  expected  financial  performance;  (b)  retained  earnings  and distributable  reserves  of  the  Company  and  each  of  the  members  of  the  Group;  (c)  the  Group's  working  capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans; (d) the Group's liquidity position; (e) general economic  conditions,  business  cycle  of  the  Group's  business  and  other  internal  or  external  factors  that  may  have  an impact  on  the  business  or  financial  performance  and  position  of  the  Group;  and  (f)  other  factors  that  the  Board  may considered relevant.

The declaration or payment of dividends by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the laws of Bermuda and  the  Company's  Bye-laws.  The  Company  does  not  have  any  pre-determined  dividend  distribution  ratio.  The Company's dividend distribution record in the past may not be used as a reference or basis to determine the level of dividends that may be declared or paid by the Company in the future. The Dividend Policy shall in no way constitute a legally binding commitment by the Company in respect of its future dividend and/or in no way obligate the Company to  declare  a  dividend  at  any  time  or  from  time  to  time.  The  Board  will  continually  review  the  Dividend  Policy  and reserve the right in its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and modify the Dividend Policy at any time.

## SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 136 of this report.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review of the Group for the Year under Review is set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 7 to 9 of this report, which forms part of this report, and the paragraphs below.

## Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Compliance procedures are in place to ensure adherence to applicable laws, rules and regulations. The work of our Board and the Board committees, in particular the Compliance Committee, contributes to our commitment to compliance efforts. During the Year under Review, the Company was not aware of any non-compliance with any relevant laws and regulations that had a significant impact on it.

## Relationship with Employees

The Group actively manages its employee relations on which its success depends. The Group believes that developing superior  human  resources  with  knowledge,  skill  and  experience  is  essential  to  the  achievement  of  its  objectives. Specifically,  the  Group  provides  in-house  training,  subsidy  for  attending  seminars  and  encourages  sharing  of  ideas through  employees'  meeting.  These  training  and  development  enable  the  Group  to  enhance  improvement  in  the knowledge and skills needed from the employees as they become one of the key strengths of the Group.

## Relationship with Customers and Suppliers

The  Directors  believe  that  maintaining  good  relationships  with  customers  has  been  one  of  the  critical  reasons  for  the Group's  success.  Our  business  model  is  to  maintain  and  build  on  our  strong  relationships  within  our  client  base.  To deliver the best products and experiences to our valued customers, we engaged with them by collecting their views and assessing their expectations through a wide range of communication channels. The Group is constantly looking ways to improve customer relations through enhanced services.

The  Group  has  maintained  good  relationship  with  the  suppliers  to  ensure  their  continued  support  to  the  Group  in  the foreseeable future.

## EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

## (a) Impact of coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak

Impact of the novel COVID-19 continues to cause disruptions to the Group's businesses and economic activities and the management of the Group has closely monitored its impact on the operations. Given the ongoing nature of  these  circumstances,  the  related  impact  on  the  consolidated  results  of  operations,  cash  flows  and  financial conditions  of  the  Group  could  not  be  reasonably  estimated  at  this  stage  and  will  be  reflected  in  their  interim financial information for the six months ending 30 September 2022 and the consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 March 2023.

## (b) Debt Assignment Arrangements

On  28  June  2022,  the  Group  entered  into  the  Debt  Assignment  Agreements  of  other  receivables  for  the  sum approximately  of  HK$37,237,000  with  Mr.  Ng,  the  director  of  the  Company  who  is  also  the  substantial shareholder of the Company for the consideration approximately of HK37,237,000.

## FIXED ASSETS

Details of the movements during the year in the property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for the Year under Review.

## SUBSIDIARIES

Details  of  the  Company's  subsidiaries  as  at  31  March  2022  are  set  out  in  note  35  to  the  consolidated  financial statements for the Year under Review.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details  of  the  movements  in  the  Company's  share  capital  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  note  30  to  the  consolidated financial statements for the Year under Review.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company adopted a share option scheme (the ' 2012 Scheme ')  on  12 September 2012 which was valid and effective for 10 years from its date of adoption and will expire on 12 September 2022.

## Purpose

The 2012 Scheme is for the purpose of recognising eligible persons as incentives and rewards for their contribution to the Group.

## Eligible Persons

Under  the  2012  Scheme,  eligible  persons  include  any  directors,  officers,  employees  of  the  Company,  any  of  its subsidiaries  or  any  entity  (the  ' Invested  Entity ')  in  which  the  Group  holds  any  equity  interests,  suppliers  and customers of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity, and shareholders of any members of the Group or the Invested  Entity  or  any  other  person  who  has  contributed  to  the  development,  growth  or  benefit  of  the  Group  at  the discretion of the Board.

## Total Number of Share Option Available for Issue

The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under the 2012 Schemes will not exceed 10%  of  the  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company  at  the  date  of  adoption  of  the  2012  Scheme;  and  the  maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under all existing schemes will not exceed 30% of the maximum number of shares in issue from time to time.

As at the date of approval of the 2012 Scheme, the total number of shares of the Company which may be allotted and issued upon the exercise of all options to be granted under the 2012 Scheme must not exceed 415,265,572 shares (25,773,458 shares after share consolidation and open offer), representing approximately 10% of the shares in issue as at the date of approval of the 2012 Scheme at the special general meeting on 12 September 2012, and after the special  general  meeting  on  27  March  2013  approving  share  consolidation  of  every  20  shares  of  the  Company  of HK$0.01 each consolidated into 1 new share of the Company of HK$0.20 each and the completion of the open offer on 16 May 2016 on the basis of one offer share for every two existing shares.

At  the  AGM  held  on  9  August  2016,  shareholders  have  approved  to  refresh  the  share  option  scheme  mandate  limit that  the  total  number  of  shares  which  may  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all  options  to  be  granted  under  the  2012 Scheme, apart from the 22,281,335 share options which had already been granted and were still outstanding, must not exceed 10% of the shares of the Company in issue on the date of that AGM. As at the date of this report, a total of 51,319,917 options to subscribe for a total of 51,319,917 shares, representing 10% of the total number of shares in  issue  as  at  the  AGM  on  9  August  2016,  were  approved  to  be  granted  in  addition  to  the  22,281,335  options which had already been granted and were still outstanding as at the AGM on 9 August 2016.

At the special general meeting held on 1 March 2021, shareholders have approved the share consolidation of every 10 shares of the Company of HK$0.20 each consolidated into 1 new share of the Company of HK$2.00 each and share  subdivision  of  each  authorised  but  unissued  share  of  the  Company  of  par  value  of  HK$2.00  each  into  200 shares  of  par  value  of  HK$0.01  each.  Therefore,  the  total  number  of  shares  of  the  Company  which  may  be  allotted and issued upon the exercise of all options to be granted under the 2012 Scheme must not exceed 5,131,991 shares, in  addition  to  the  2,228,133  options  which  had  already  been  granted  and  were  still  outstanding  as  at  the  AGM on  9  August  2016  approving  the  refreshment  of  the  share  option  scheme  mandate  limit  (after  adjustments  for  share consolidations in 2013 and 2021, open offer in 2016 and refreshment of the share option scheme mandate limit in 2016).

## Maximum Entitlement of Each Eligible Participant

The maximum entitlement of each eligible participant is  that  the  total  number  of  shares  issued  and  to  be  issued  upon exercise  of  the  outstanding  options  granted  and  to  be  granted  to  such  eligible  participant  (including  both  exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) under the 2012 Scheme and other scheme(s) of the Group in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company at the date of grant.

## Option Period

An option may be exercised in whole or in part in accordance with the respective terms of the 2012 Scheme during a period notified or to be notified by the Board.

## Minimum Period for which an Option must be Held Before it is Exercised

The  period  within  which  an  option  may  be  exercised  under  the  2012  Scheme  is  determined  by  the  Board  at  its absolute discretion, provided that such period is consistent with any other terms and condition of the 2012 Scheme.

## Payment on Acceptance of the Option

A consideration of HK$1 is payable upon acceptance within 28 days from the date of the offer of grant of the option under the 2012 Scheme.

## Basis of Determining the Subscription Price

The subscription price for share under the 2012 Scheme shall be at the absolute discretion of the Board, provided that it  must be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares on the Stock Exchange on the offer day; and (ii) the average of the closing prices of the shares on the Stock Exchange on the five trading days immediately preceding the offer date; and (iii) or the nominal value of the shares.

## The Remaining Life of the Share Option Scheme

The 2012 Scheme remains in force for 10 years from the date of its adoption on 12 September 2012 and will expire on 12 September 2022, unless otherwise terminated, cancelled or amended.

Details of the 2012 Scheme are set out in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements for the Year under Review.

The movements of the Company's share options outstanding under the 2012 Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2022 are as follows:

| No. of share options ('000)  Date of Grant  As at  1 April  2021  (Note 2)  Granted  Lapsed  As at  31 March  2022  (Note 2)  Exercise period  (day/month/year)  Adjusted  exercise  price HK$  (Notes 2, 4)  Directors  Mr. Ng Man Sun  05/02/2013 (Note 1)  25  -  -  25  05/02/2013 - 04/02/2023  12.41  03/03/2014  25  -  -  25  03/03/2014 - 02/03/2024  13.45  10/03/2015  25  -  -  25  10/03/2015 - 09/03/2025  7.01  01/12/2017  610  -  -  610  01/12/2017 - 30/11/2027  2.80  17/12/2018  61  -  -  61  17/12/2018 - 16/12/2028  2.00  Ms. Ng Wai Yee  05/02/2013 (Note 1)  25  -  -  25  05/02/2013 - 04/02/2023  12.41  03/03/2014  25  -  -  25  03/03/2014 - 02/03/2024  13.45  10/03/2015  25  -  -  25  10/03/2015 - 09/03/2025  7.01  25/04/2016  25  -  -  25  25/04/2016 - 24/04/2026  3.70  01/12/2017  610  -  -  610  01/12/2017 - 30/11/2027  2.80  17/12/2018  61  -  -  61  17/12/2018 - 16/12/2028  2.00  Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina  05/02/2013 (Note 1)  25  -  -  25  05/02/2013 - 04/02/2023  12.41  03/03/2014  25  -  -  25  03/03/2014 - 02/03/2024  13.45  10/03/2015  25  -  -  25  10/03/2015 - 09/03/2025  7.01  25/04/2016  25  -  -  25  25/04/2016 - 24/04/2026  3.70  01/12/2017  61  -  -  61  01/12/2017 - 30/11/2027  2.80  17/12/2018  61  -  -  61  17/12/2018 - 16/12/2028  2.00  Mr. Li Chi Fai  03/03/2014  25  -  -  25  03/03/2014 - 02/03/2024  13.45  10/03/2015  25  -  -  25  10/03/2015 - 09/03/2025  7.01  25/04/2016  25  -  -  25  25/04/2016 - 24/04/2026  3.70  01/12/2017  61  -  -  61  01/12/2017 - 30/11/2027  2.80  17/12/2018  61  -  -  61  17/12/2018 - 16/12/2028  2.00  Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia  03/03/2014  25  -  -  25  03/03/2014 - 02/03/2024  13.45  25/04/2016  25  -  -  25  25/04/2016 - 24/04/2026  3.70  01/12/2017  61  -  -  61  01/12/2017 - 30/11/2027  2.80  17/12/2018  61  -  -  61  17/12/2018 - 16/12/2028  2.00  Eligible employees  05/02/2013 (Note 1)  155  -  (124)  31  05/02/2013 - 04/02/2023  12.41  03/03/2014  235  -  (186)  49  03/03/2014 - 02/03/2024  13.45  10/03/2015  260  -  (260)  -  10/03/2015 - 09/03/2025  7.01  25/04/2016  160  -  (160)  -  25/04/2016 - 24/04/2026  3.70  01/12/2017  620  -  (620)  -  01/12/2017 - 30/11/2027  2.80  17/12/2018  1,050  -  (1,050)  -  17/12/2018 - 16/12/2028  2.00  Service providers  05/02/2013 (Note 1)  248  -  -  248  05/02/2013 - 04/02/2023  12.41  03/03/2014  248  -  -  248  03/03/2014 - 02/03/2024  13.45  10/03/2015  124  -  -  124  10/03/2015 - 09/03/2025  7.01  01/12/2017  610  -  -  610  01/12/2017 - 30/11/2027  2.80  17/12/2018  800  -  -  800  17/12/2018 - 16/12/2028  2.00  In aggregate  6,618  -  (2,400)  4,218   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. The  exercise  price  of  the  share  options  has  been  changed  from  HK$0.077  to  HK$1.540  as  a  result  of  the  share  consolidation  passed  by  the shareholders  at  a  special  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  27  March  2013,  whereby  every  20  shares  of  the  Company  of  HK$0.01 each were consolidated into 1 new share of the company of HK$0.20 each. Pursuant to the open offer of the Company completed on 16 May 2016, the number of share options were adjusted and the exercise price of the share options was also adjusted from HK$1.540 to HK$1.241.
2. Pursuant to the open offer of the Company completed on 16 May 2016, the number of share options were adjusted and the exercise prices of the  share  options  granted  on  5  February  2013,  3  March  2014,  10  March  2015  and  25  April  2016  were  also  adjusted  from  HK$1.540  to HK$1.241, from HK$1.670 to HK$1.345, from HK$0.870 to HK$0.701 and from HK$0.459 to HK$0.370 respectively.
3. At the AGM held on 9 August 2016, shareholders have approved to refresh the general mandate limit that the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the 2012 Scheme must not exceed 10% of the shares of the Company in issue on the date of that AGM.
4. Pursuant to the share consolidation passed by the shareholders at a special general meeting of the Company held on 1 March 2021 and took effect on 3 March 2021, the number of share options were adjusted and the exercise prices of the share options granted on 5 February 2013, 3 March 2014, 10 March 2015, 25 April 2016, 1 December 2017 and 17 December 2018 were also adjusted from HK$1.241 to HK$12.41, from HK$1.345 to HK$13.45, from HK$0.701 to HK$7.01, from HK$0.370 to HK$3.70 from HK$0.280 to HK$2.80 and from HK$0.200 to HK$2.00 respectively.

## RESERVES

Details of the movements in the reserves of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 51 of this report.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As  at  31  March  2022,  in  the  opinion  of  the  Directors  of  the  Company,  the  reserves  of  the  Company  available  for distribution to shareholders is Nil (2021: Nil).

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Year under Review and up to the date of this report were:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Ng Man Sun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Ms. Ng Wai Yee

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina Mr. Li Chi Fai Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia

In  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Company's  Bye-laws,  Ms.  Ng  Wai  Yee  and  Ms.  Sie  Nien  Che,  Celia  will retire at the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Executive Directors

Mr.  Ng  Man  Sun  ('Mr.  Ng'), aged  75,  also  known  as  Ng  Wai,  has  been  appointed  as  an  executive Director  and  appointed  as  the  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the  Company  since  12  September  2012. He  is  a  shareholder  of  the  Company  and  father  of  Ms.  Ng  Wai  Yee,  an  Executive  Director  of  the  Company.  Mr. Ng  is  well-known  amongst  the  Macau  casino  business  and  is  the  founding  chairman  of  the  Association  of  Casino intermediaries of Macau.

Ms.  Ng  Wai  Yee  ('Ms.  Ng'), aged  48,  has  been  appointed  as  an  executive  Director  since  12  September 2012. She is the daughter of Mr. Ng Man Sun, the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and a substantial shareholder of  the  Company. Ms. Ng is a director of Silver Faith Holdings Limited which assists in the management of Mr. Ng's business.

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina ('Ms. Yeung') , aged 65, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director  since  12  September  2012.  Ms.  Yeung  is  a  merchant  in  Canada  in  respect  of  high  end  leisure  and entertainment  business.  She  had  been  appointed  as  the  President  of  Tradewinds  Production  Limited,  a  Canadian corporation.

Mr.  Li  Chi  Fai  ('Mr.  Li'), aged  55,  has  been  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  since  22 February  2013.  Mr.  Li  is  a  member  of  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  and  CPA  Australia  and holds a Bachelor of Economics degree from Monash University, Australia. He has more than 20 years of experiences in financial auditing and accounting. Mr. Li is currently a director of Tax Wisdom Accountants Pty. Ltd. which provides accounting  and  tax  services  in  Australia.  Before,  he  has  been  chief  financial  officer  and  company  secretary  of  a number of Main Board issuers of the Stock Exchange.

Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia ('Ms. Sie') ,  aged 48, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director since  22  February  2013.  Ms.  Sie  is  the  founder  and  chief  executive  officer  of  JACSO  Entertainment,  a  well  known entertainment  based  group  of  companies  in  Hong  Kong.  Ms.  Sie  is  a  holder  of  bachelor  degree  in  Arts  from  the University of Hong Kong and a member of Hong Kong United Youth Association.

## Company Secretary

Mr. Man Yun Wah, aged 39, has extensive professional experience in company secretarial profession. Mr. Man holds a bachelor's degree in business administration and management and a master's degree in corporate governance. He  is  currently  an  associate  member  of  both  The  Chartered  Governance  Institute  (formerly  known  as  The  Institute  of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) and The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries).

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of Mr. Ng Man Sun, Ms. Ng Wai Yee, Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi Fai, Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia has  entered  into  a  letter  of  appointment  with  the  Company  without  specific  term  of  office  and  may  be  terminated  by either party by written notice of not less than three months.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  no  Director  who  is  proposed  for  re-election  at  the  forthcoming  AGM  has  a  service contract  with  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries,  which  is  not  determinable  within  one  year  without  payment  of compensation, other than statutory obligations.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

Other  than  the  transactions  disclosed  under  the  section  headed  'CONNECTED  TRANSACTIONS'  below,  there  was no transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group's business, to which the Company or its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or his or her connected entity has or had a material beneficial interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at 31 March 2022 or at any time during the Year under Review.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

Save as disclosed below, during the year ended 31 March 2022, none of the Directors has any interest in a business which  causes  or  may  cause  a  significant  competition  with  the  business  of  the  Company  and  any  other  conflicts  of interest which any such person has or may have with the Company.

The  Group  is  principally  engaged  in  the  gaming  business.  Mr.  Ng  Man  Sun  has  an  interest  and  held  directorship in  Lion  King  Entertainment  Company  Limited  ('Lion  King')  which  engaged  in  the  same  business  of  operating  gaming tables  at  the  same  casino  in  Cambodia  (the  'Casino')  as  the  Group.  As  such,  he  is  regarded  as  being  interested  in such  competing  business  with  the  Group.  For  safeguarding  the  interests  of  the  Group,  it  is  noted  that  the  minimum bet  of  the  4  gaming  tables  being  operated  by  the  Group  (the  'Gaming  Tables')  is  set  at  a  rate  lower  than  the  other baccarat tables while the maximum bet is set at the same rate as the other baccarat tables, which is expected to attract more potential players to play at the Gaming Tables. On the other hand, whether to operate all or part of the gaming tables in the mass gaming area of the Casino is subject to the operation environment of the Casino and the decision of  the  management of the Casino, whereby the Casino may close operation of any mass gaming tables from time to time.  Lion  King  and  Mr.  Ng  Man Sun have jointly undertaken to the Group that while the Casino is operating, in no circumstances the Casino will consider to close the Gaming Tables.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

Save  as  disclosed  below,  as  at  31  March  2022,  none  of  the  Directors  and  chief  executive  of  the  Company  and their  respective  associates  had  any  interests  or  short  positions  in  the  shares,  underlying  shares  and  debentures  of  the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the ' SFO ')) as recorded in the register(s) and kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.

## Long Position in shares and underlying shares of the Company

| Name of Directors  Capacity  Number of  shares held  Number of  underlying  shares held  Total  Approximate  percentage  of issued  share  capital  Mr. Ng Man Sun  Beneficial owner  35,841,459  100,745,478  (Note 1)  136,586,937  106.50%  Interest in a controlled  corporation (Note 3)  30,737  -  30,737  0.03%  Total  35,872,196  100,745,478  (Note 1)  136,617,674  106.53%  Ms. Ng Wai Yee  Beneficial owner  -  770,304 (Note 2)  770,304  0.60%  Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina  Beneficial owner  -  221,304 (Note 2)  221,304  0.17%  Mr. Li Chi Fai  Beneficial owner  -  196,478 (Note 2)  196,478  0.15%  Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia  Beneficial owner  30,000  171,652 (Note 2)  201,652  0.16%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. These interests represent the number of underlying shares in respect of (i) the 2012 Scheme (745,478 underlying shares); and (ii) the Convertible Bond  issued  to  Mr.  Ng  Man  Sun  on  31  March  2021  (100,000,000  underlying  shares).  Details  of  the  2012  Scheme  are  set  out  under  the section headed 'SHARE OPTION SCHEME' of the Directors' Report, and details of the Convertible Bond are set out under the sub-section headed 'Subscription  of  the  Convertible  Bond'  of  the  Management  Discussion  and  Analysis  respectively.  The  exercise  of  the  conversion  rights  under the  Convertible  Bond  shall  be  subject  to  compliance  with  the  Listing  Rules,  the  Hong  Kong  Code  on  Takeovers  and  Mergers  (the  ' Takeovers Code ') or applicable laws or regulations.
2. These  interests  represent  the  number  of  underlying  shares  in  respect  of  the  2012  Scheme,  the  details  of  which  are  set  out  under  the  section headed 'SHARE OPTION SCHEME' of the Directors' Report.
3. For 30,737 shares being held by East Legend Holdings Limited (' East Legend '), Mr. Ng Man Sun is interested in the entire issued share capital of East Legend and he is deemed to be interested in the 30,737 Shares held by East Legend.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

As  at  31  March  2022,  other  than  interests  as  disclosed  above  in  respect  of  Mr.  Ng  Man  Sun  as  Director,  the Chairman and CEO, Ms. Ng Wai Yee, Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina, Mr. Li Chi Fai and Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia as Directors, the following persons had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register(s) required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.

| Name  Capacity  Number of shares held  Approximate  percentage of  issued share capital  Ms. Cheng Wai Man  Beneficial owner  9,621,212  7.50%  Mr. Huang Wei Qiang  Beneficial owner  8,690,000  6.78%  Mr. Wong Kam Wah  Beneficial owner  8,254,212  6.44%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the Year under Review, the Group had the following non-exempted connected transactions within the meaning of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

On 28 October 2019, Victor Mind Global Limited (' VMG '), Lion King Entertainment Company Limited (' Lion King ') and Mr. Ng Man Sun (' Mr. Ng ') entered into an assignment agreement (the ' Assignment Agreement '), pursuant to which Lion King has conditionally agreed to assign the business rights of a total number of 4 gaming tables located at the mass market gaming area (the ' Gaming Tables ')  in  the  casino in the name of ' Century Entertainment ' (the ' Casino ') situate on the 1st and 2nd floors of the Sunshine Bay Hotel at Village 1, Commune No. 3, Mittaphea Town,  Sihanoukville  Municipal,  Cambodia  (the  ' Gaming  Table  Business  Rights ')  to  VMG  and  VMG  has conditionally agreed to accept the assignment of the Gaming Table Business Rights for a period of five (5) years (the ' Assignment ')  at  a  consideration  of  HK$120  million.  The  consideration  shall  be  payable  by  VMG  by  way  of  a combination of disposing of the Company's entire equity interests in Forenzia Enterprises Limited (the ' Disposal ') and procure the Company to issue a promissory note to Lion King. The commencement of the Assignment Agreement was subject to fulfillment of a number of conditions.

As  at  the  date  of  the  Assignment  Agreement,  Lion  King  is  wholly-owned  by  Mr.  Ng  who  is  an  executive  Director, Chairman  and  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the  Company  and  also  a  substantial  Shareholder  who  is  interested  in 35,580,196 Shares, representing approximately 27.74% of the total issued share capital of the Company. As at the date of this report, Mr. Ng is interested in 35,872,196 Shares, representing approximately 27.97% of the total issued share capital of the Company. Therefore, Lion King is a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, Lion King shall be solely responsible for the operation and management of the Gaming Tables in accordance with the execution plan mutually formulated and agreed between VMG and Lion King and  VMG  shall  be  responsible  for  the  costs  of  operation  and  management  of  the  Gaming  Tables  including  but  not limited to any tax payable on the bets wagered at or operation of the Gaming Tables, the costs of recruiting employees to serve at the Gaming Tables, and the costs of meals and refreshments served to guests. Lion King shall also submit all financial and non-financial data in relation to the Gaming Table Business on a regular basis or upon VMG's request. The Group shall be entitled to 100% house win winnings and responsible for 100% house losses.

## Connected Transactions

As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 28 October 2019 and the circular dated 13 March 2020, the transactions contemplated under the Assignment Agreement involve (i) the Assignment; and (ii) the Disposal. Pursuant to  Rule  14.24  of  the  Listing  Rules,  since  the  transactions  involve  both  acquisition  and  disposal,  the  transactions  are classified  by  reference  to  the  larger  of  the  Assignment  or  the  Disposal.  As  the  highest  of  the  applicable  percentage ratios  in  respect  of  the  Assignment  exceeds  25%  and  is  lower  than  100%  while  the  highest  of  the  applicable percentage ratios in respect of the Disposal exceeds 25% and is lower than 75%, the transactions contemplated under the Assignment Agreement constitute a major transaction of the Company under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules and are subject to the reporting, announcement and independent shareholders' approval requirements. As Lion King is regarded as a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules as mentioned above, the transactions contemplated under the Assignment Agreement also constitutes connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A  of  the  Listing  Rules  and  are  subject  to  reporting,  announcement  and  independent  shareholders'  approval requirements.

On  31  March  2020,  all  the  conditions  precedent  under  the  Assignment  Agreement  have  been  satisfied  and  the Assignment  and  the  Disposal  were  completed  on  31  March  2020.  Following  completion  of  the  Assignment  and  the Disposal, the Gaming Table Business Rights has been granted to VMG for a period of five years from 31 March 2020 and the financial results of the Gaming Table Business will be consolidated into the financial statements of the Group.

As  disclosed  in  the  announcements  of  the  Company  dated  2  April  2020,  6  July  2020,  30  September  2020,  5 February 2021, 31 March 2021 and 30 April 2021, operation of the Casino (including the Gaming Table Business) had been temporarily suspended to comply with the order by the Cambodian governmental authorities to temporarily closed down all casinos in Cambodia with effect from 23:59 on 1 April 2020 to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 Epidemic  (' Temporary  Closure  Demand ').  Although  the  Cambodian  governmental  authorities  announced  on  3 July  2020  that  they  would  allow  casinos  to  resume  business  as  long  as  they  can  demonstrate  that  they  are  capable of  following  the  government  guidelines  regarding  health  and  safety  requirements,  the  Company  was  being  informed by  Lion  King  on  6  July  2020  that  in  light  of  the  serious  impact  of  the  COVID-19  Epidemic  to  the  overall  Cambodia gaming  market  and  the  Temporary  Closure  Demand,  Lion  King,  which  is  also  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Cheung Shing Global Travel Entertainment Limited (' CSG '), has considered that it would be definitely beneficial to the business performance of the Casino in the long run to move the operation of the Casino from its existing location at Sunshine Bay Hotel to a new location with a lower lease rate.

CSG  has  then  been  offered  attractive  terms  for  lease  at  a  new  location  situated  at  Building  89,  Long  Bay,  Say Phuthong Boulevard, Dara Sakor, Koh Kong Province, Cambodia where Lion King could continue the Casino operation. The  Company  was  given  to  understand  that  the  casino  lease  and  operation  agreement  dated  22  September  2018 made  between  CSG  and  Sunshine  Bay  Hotel  Management  Co.  Ltd.  was  terminated,  and  on  30  September  2020, CSG  has  entered  into  a  new  casino  lease  and  operation  agreement  with  LongBay  Entertainment  Co.,  Ltd.,  the independent landlord of the new Location at Dara Sakor for a term from 1 October 2020 to 30 September 2035.

Given the new location has been concluded, the Company commenced negotiation with Lion King on the arrangement of  the  Gaming  Table  Business  Rights.  On  5  February  2021,  30  April  2021,  30  July  2021,  2  November  2021, 7  March  2022  and  30  June  2022,  VMG,  Lion  King  and  Mr.  Ng  entered  into  a  series  of  supplemental  framework agreements  (the  ' Supplemental  Framework  Agreements ')  respectively,  to  amend  certain  terms  of  the Assignment Agreement.

Pursuant to the Supplemental Framework Agreements, the new Casino shall be located at Building 89, Long Bay, Say Phuthong  Boulevard,  Dara  Sakor,  Koh  Kong  Province,  Cambodia.  It  was  mutually  agreed  among  the  parties  that  the consideration for the Gaming Table Business Rights shall remain unchanged at HK$120 million and the number of the Gaming Tables to be adjusted under the new Gaming Table Business Rights shall be determined with reference to the appraised value per new Gaming Table to be prepared by the Independent Valuer and the aggregate appraised value of  the  new  Gaming  Tables  shall  be  no  less  than  HK$126  million,  being  the  appraised  value  of  the  Gaming  Table Business  Rights  previously  approved  by  the  independent  shareholders  at  the  special  general  meeting  of  the  Company held on 30 March 2020.

In addition, pursuant to the Supplemental Framework Agreements, VMG, Lion King and Mr. Ng mutually agreed that the profit  guarantee period of the new Gaming Table Business, the details of which are set out under the section headed 'PROFIT GUARANTEE IN RELATION TO THE ASSIGNMENT OF GAMING TABLE BUSINESS RIGHTS IN CAMBODIA' on page 42 of this report, shall commence from the date when the mass market of the new Casino re-open and cover a period of 24 consecutive months. All other terms under the profit guarantee (including the guaranteed amount and the consideration adjustment mechanism) under the Assignment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Completion of the Supplemental Framework Agreements shall be subject to approval by the independent shareholders at a special general meeting of the Company.

The  Casino  was  initially  planned  to  be  re-opened  by  31  January  2021.  However,  due  to  the  global  rebound  of  the COVID-19 Epidemic in late 2020, as well as the community spread of COVID-19 Epidemic in Cambodia in November 2020 and again  in  February  2021  together  with  the  imposed  strict  lockdown  measures,  the  re-opening  preparation works of the new Casino have been deferred and therefore the re-opening of the new Casino was delayed.

Announcements  were  published  regarding  the  connected  transactions  in  accordance  with  the  Listing  Rules.  The Company confirms that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in so far as they are applicable.

## ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed under sections headed 'DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN  SHARES,  UNDERLYING  SHARES  AND  DEBENTURES'  and  'SHARE  OPTION  SCHEME'  above,  at  no  time  during the year was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition  of  shares  in,  or  debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  other  body  corporate  and neither the Directors nor any of their spouses or children under 18 years of age, had any right to subscribe for shares or debt securities of the Company, or had exercised any such rights during the Year under Review.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant to the Company's Bye-laws, the Directors, secretary and other officers and every auditor for the time being of the  Company shall  be  entitled  to  be  indemnified  and  secured  harmless  out  of  the  assets  and  profits  of  the  Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them, shall or may incur or sustain by or by reasons of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duties in their respective offices or otherwise in relation thereto.

The  Company  has  taken  out  insurance  against  all  losses  and  liabilities  associated  with  defending  any  proceedings which may be brought against Directors and other officers of the Company.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

Save for service contracts, no contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or subsisting during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save  for  disclosed  under  the  sections  headed  'FINANCIAL  REVIEW'  and  'BUSINESS  REVIEW'  in  the  Management Discussion  and  Analysis  on  pages  5  to  9  of  this  report  and  the  section  headed  'SHARE  OPTION  SCHEME'  on pages 30 to 34 of this report, no equity-linked agreement that will or may result in the Company issuing shares or no agreement that requires the Company to enter into an agreement that will or may result in the Company issuing shares were  entered  into  by  the  Company  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  or  subsisted  at  the  end  of  the  financial year.

## RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES

Details of the retirement benefit schemes of the Group and the employees' costs charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the Year under Review are set out in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for the Year under Review.

## EMPLOYMENT AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 31 March 2022, the Group employed 10 permanent employees in Hong Kong (2021: 12). The Group is aware of  the  importance  of  human  resources  and  is  dedicated  to  retaining  competent  and  talented  employees  by  offering them competitive remuneration packages. Their salaries and bonuses were determined by reference to their duties, work experience, performance and prevailing market practices. The Group also participates in the Mandatory Provident Fund scheme in Hong Kong, and provides employees with medical insurance coverage. A share option scheme is in place to reward individual employees for their outstanding performance and contribution to the success of the Group.

## PROFIT  GUARANTEE  IN  RELATION  TO  THE  ASSIGNMENT  OF  GAMING  TABLE BUSINESS RIGHTS IN CAMBODIA

On 28 October 2019, Victor Mind Global Limited (' VMG '), Lion King Entertainment Company Limited (' Lion King ') and Mr. Ng Man Sun (' Mr. Ng ') entered into an assignment agreement (the ' Assignment Agreement '), pursuant to which Lion King has conditionally agreed to assign the business rights of a total number of 4 gaming tables located at the mass market gaming area (the ' Gaming Tables ')  in  the  casino in the name of ' Century Entertainment ' (the ' Casino ') situate on the 1st and 2nd floors of the Sunshine Bay Hotel at Village 1, Commune No. 3, Mittaphea Town,  Sihanoukville  Municipal,  Cambodia  (the  ' Gaming  Table  Business  Rights ')  to  VMG  and  VMG  has conditionally agreed to accept the assignment of the Gaming Table Business Rights for a period of five (5) years (the ' Assignment ') at a consideration of HK$120 million. The Assignment commenced on 31 March 2020 and therefore the Gaming Table Business Rights has been granted to VMG for a period of five years from 31 March 2020.

Pursuant  to  the  Assignment  Agreement,  Lion  King  and  Mr.  Ng  unconditionally  and  irrevocably  guaranteed  to  VMG that  the  audited  net  profit  after  tax  of  the  Gaming  Table  Business  for  the  12-month  period  after  commencement of  the  Assignment  (the  ' First  12-month  Period ')  (the  ' First  Actual  Profit ')  and  for  the  12-month  period immediately  following  the  expiry  of  the  First  12-month  Period  (the  ' Second  Actual  Profit ')  shall  be  not  less  than HK$28,000,000 and HK$32,000,000 respectively (collectively, the ' Guaranteed Profits ').

In  light  of  the  continuous  spread  and  the  serious  impact  of  the  COVID-19  Epidemic  in  Cambodia  since  April  2020 and  the  Temporary  Closure  Demand,  Lion  King  has  considered  that  it  would  be  definitely  beneficial  to  the  business performance of the Casino in the long run to move the operation of the Casino from its existing location at Sunshine Bay Hotel  to  a  new  location  with  a  lower  lease  rate.  The  new  Casino  was  initially  planned  to  be  re-opened  by  31 January 2021. However, due to the community spread of COVID-19 Epidemic in Cambodia in November 2020 and again in February 2021 together with the imposed strict lockdown measures, the re-opening preparation works of the new Casino have been deferred and therefore the re-opening of the new Casino was delayed. On 5 February 2021, 30 April 2021, 30 July 2021, 2 November 2021, 7 March 2022 and 30 June 2022, VMG, Lion King and Mr. Ng entered  into  a  series  of  supplemental  framework  agreements  (the  ' Supplemental  Framework  Agreements '), respectively, to amend certain terms of the Assignment Agreement.

Pursuant  to  the  Supplemental  Framework  Agreements,  the  Casino  shall  be  moved  to  a  new  location  at  Building  89, Long  Bay,  Say  Phuthong  Boulevard,  Dara  Sakor,  Koh  Kong  Province,  Cambodia.  It  was  mutually  agreed  among  the parties that the consideration for the Gaming Table Business Rights shall remain unchanged at HK$120 million and the number of the  Gaming Tables  to  be  adjusted  under  the  new  Gaming  Table  Business  Rights  shall  be  determined  with reference to the appraised value per new Gaming Table to be prepared by the Independent Valuer and the aggregate appraised value of the new Gaming Tables shall be no less than HK$126 million, being the appraised value of the Gaming Table Business Rights previously approved by the independent shareholders at the special general meeting of the Company held on 30 March 2020.

In  addition,  VMG, Lion King and Mr. Ng mutually agreed that the profit guarantee period of the new Gaming Table Business  shall  commence  from  the  date  when  the  mass  market  of  the  new  Casino  re-open  and  cover  a  period  of  24 consecutive  months.  All  other  terms  with  respect  to  the  profit  guarantee  (including  the  Guaranteed  Profits  and  the consideration adjustment mechanism) under the Assignment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Completion of the Supplemental Framework Agreements shall be subject to approval by the independent shareholders at a special general  meeting  of  the  Company.  In  this  regard,  all  the  terms  and  conditions,  including  the  profit  guarantee  clauses, of the Assignment Agreement shall be deemed valid until they are superseded by the terms and conditions stipulated in the  Supplemental Framework Agreements which shall be approved by the independent shareholders of the Company. During the Year under Review, the effect of the Guaranteed Profits has been taken into accounts and incorporated in consolidated statement of profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income.  Please  refer  to  note  27  to  the  consolidated financial statements for the Year under Review for details.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Year under Review, the revenue attributable to the largest customer for the Group accounted for 100% of the Group's  total  revenue.  The  aggregate  amount  of  purchases  attributable  to  the  Group's  largest  supplier  accounted  for 100% of the Group's total purchases.

None of the Directors, their close associates or any shareholder (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any beneficial interests in the Group's major customers and suppliers.

## FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

Details  of  the  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  are  set  out  in  note  27  to  the consolidated financial statements for the Year under Review.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of related party transactions of the Group are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements for the Year under Review.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

Neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  had  purchased,  sold  or  redeemed  any  of  the  Company's  listed securities during the financial year ended 31 March 2022.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company's Bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this report, there was sufficiency of public float of the Company's securities as required under the Listing Rules.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Throughout the Year under Review, the Company has complied with all the code provisions contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, save for certain deviations as explained in the corporate governance report of this report. Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the corporate governance report on pages 11 to 27 of this report.

## CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE

The Company has received written confirmation in respect of independence from each of the current Independent Nonexecutive Directors of the Company in compliance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, thus, the Company considers that each of them to be independent.

## AUDITOR

UniTax  Prism  (HK)  CPA  Limited  (' UniTax  Prism ',  formerly  known  as  Prism  CPA  Limited)  shall  retire  and,  being eligible,  offer  themselves  for  re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of UniTax Prism as the auditors of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM.

On behalf of the Board

## Ng Man Sun

Chairman

Hong Kong, 30 June 2022

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CENTURY ENTERTAINMENT INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

We  were  engaged  to  audit  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Century  Entertainment  International  Holdings Limited  (The  ' Company ')  and  its  subsidiaries  (together  referred  as  the  ' Group ')  set  out  on  pages  48  to  135, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income,  the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  and  the  consolidated statement  of  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  a summary of significant accounting policies.

We do not express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Because of the significance of the  matters  described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report, we have not been able to form an audit opinion on these consolidated financial statements. In all other respects, in our opinion the consolidated financial statements have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

## Material Uncertainty Relate to Going Concern

As  explained  in  note  3(b)  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Group  incurred  a  net  loss  attributable  to  the owners  of  the  Company  of  approximately  HK$3,675,000  and  had  net  cash  outflows  from  operating  activities  of approximately HK$15,236,000 during the year ended 31 March 2022. At the same date, the Group has net current liabilities of approximately HK$65,072,000 and net liabilities of approximately HK$26,670,000.

In  addition,  as  set  out  in  the  circular  dated  13  March  2020  and  announcements  dated  2  April  2020,  6  July  2020, 30  September  2020,  5  February  2021,  31  March  2021,  30  April  2021,  30  July  2021,  30  August  2021  and 4  November  2021,  the  operation  of  the  Group's  gaming  and  entertainment  business  (the  ' Gaming  Business ') in  Kingdom  of  Cambodia  (' Cambodia ')  was  suspended  from  1  April  2020  in  order  to  relocate  the  casino  and to  comply  with  the  compulsory  temporary  closure  demand  imposed  by  the  government  of  Cambodia  as  part  of  the measures to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 epidemic, which is still effective up to the date of this report.

As  a  result  of  the  severe  business  interruption  in  Cambodia  due  to  the  outbreak  of  COVID-19,  the  Gaming  Business, which is the principal business of the Group, were suspended during the year ended 31 March 2022 and no revenue was recorded from the Gaming business throughout the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021. The resumption of the casino's business was subject to the development of COVID-19 epidemic.

These conditions, along with other matters as set out in note 3(b) to the consolidated financial statements indicate that material uncertainties exist that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

## BASIS FOR DISCLAIMER OF OPINION (Continued)

## Material Uncertainty Relate to Going Concern (Continued)

The directors of the Company have been undertaking measures to improve the Group's liquidity and financial position, which  are  set  out  in  note  3(b)  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  have been prepared on a going concern basis, the validity of which depends on the outcome of these measures, which are subject to multiple uncertainties, including:

- (i) successfully raising additional new sources of financing as and when needed, including the further undertaking by Mr. Ng Man Sun (' Mr. Ng ') not to demand for the payment of the amount due to him of convertible bond with principal amount of HK$50,000,000 which due for repayment on 30 September 2022 and will further provide sufficient financial supports for the Group's working capital for a period of at least 12 months until 30 June 2023. In addition, other borrowings from third parties amounted to HK$33,429,000 are personally guaranteed by Mr. Ng. The management of the Company also have implemented the re-opening plan of the gaming tables business which  to  be  located  in  a  new  casino  in  Dara  Sakor  Investment  Zone,  Cambodia,  and  target  to  commence  the operation  of  gaming  tables  business  from  September  2022  after  the  completion  of  systems  testing  and  training of casino staff. The Group will continue to take active measure to control administrative costs and containment of capital expenditures;
- (ii) successfully  managing  the  impact  of  the  COVID-19  outbreak,  as  well  as  any  government's  stimulus  in  response, on the Group's operation from time to time and the resumption of the Gaming Business in Cambodia.

Because  of  the  significance  of  the  matters  mentioned  above,  we  were  unable  to  form  an  opinion  as  to  whether  the use  of  going  concern  assumption  in  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  is  appropriate.  Should the Group be unable to operate as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to write down the carrying amounts of the Group's assets to their net recoverable amounts, to provide for any further liabilities that may arise and to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current assets and current liabilities respectively. The effects of these adjustments have not been reflected in the consolidated financial statements.

## RESPONSIBILITIES  OF  DIRECTORS  OF  THE  COMPANY  AND  AUDIT  COMMITTEE  FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that give a true and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards  (' HKFRSs ')  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (' HKICPA ')  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors  of  the  Company  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  assessing  the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S  RESPONSIBILITIES  FOR  THE  AUDIT  OF  THE  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  responsibility  is  to  conduct  an  audit  of  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  Hong Kong Standards on Auditing issued by HKICPA and to issue an auditor's report, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liabilities to any other person for the contents of this report. However, because of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion  section of our report, we were not able to form an audit opinion on these consolidated financial statements.

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants  (the ' Code '), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Mr. Fan Chi Hang Stephen.

## UniTax Prism (HK) CPA Limited

Certified Public Accountants

Fan Chi Hang Stephen

Practising Certificate Number: P06144

Hong Kong 30 June 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  6  200  727  Cost of sales  (40)  (600)  Gross profit  160  127  Other income and gains  8  11  4,855  Impairment loss on intangible assets  20  (12,658)  (6,844)  Impairment loss on goodwill  19  -  (14,257)  Impairment loss on accounts and other receivables, net of reversal  (5,648)  2,683  Fair value gain on financial assets and  financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, net  27  56,657  13,642  General and administrative expenses  (33,212)  (39,883)  Finance costs  9  (9,167)  (5,314)  Loss before taxation  (3,857)  (44,991)  Income tax credit  10  182  1,992  Loss for the year attributable to the owners of the Company  11  (3,675)  (42,999)  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year  attributable to owners of the Company  (3,675)  (42,999)  Loss per share  - Basic and diluted (HK cents)  16  (2.87)  (33.53)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 March 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Plant and equipment  17  666  1,092  Right-of-use assets  18  -  1,104  Goodwill  19  -  -  Intangible assets  20  28,142  54,987  Deposits paid  21  9,594  8,190  38,402  65,373  Current assets  Accounts and other receivables  22  35,515  45,509  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  27  55,882  -  Cash and cash equivalents  23  3,756  3,495  95,153  49,004  Current liabilities  Other payables  24  12,837  10,880  Other borrowings  25  100,179  83,461  Lease liabilities  26  -  1,203  Convertible bonds  28  46,475  -  Tax payables  734  819  160,225  96,363  Net current liabilities  (65,072)  (47,359)  Total assets less current liabilities  (26,670)  18,014  Non-current liabilities  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss  27  -  775  Convertible bonds  28  -  40,137  Deferred tax liabilities  29  -  97  -  41,009  NET LIABILITIES  (26,670)  (22,995)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 March 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity  Share capital  30  1,282  1,282  Reserves  31  (27,952)  (24,277)  TOTAL DEFICIT  (26,670)  (22,995)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  consolidated  financial  statements  on  pages  48  to  135  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  Board  of Directors on 30 June 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:

Ng Man Sun Chairman

Ng Wai Yee Director

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Share  capital  Share  premium  Special  reserve  Contributed  surplus  Capital  reserve  Convertible  bonds  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note 30)  (note 31(b)(i))  (note 31(b)(ii))  (note 31(b)(iii))  (note 31(b)(iv))  (note 31(b)(v))  At 1 April 2020  256,495  571,880  (22,470)  2,180,026  23,637  14,320  (3,013,747)  10,141  Loss and total comprehensive  expenses for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (42,999)  (42,999)  Capital reorganisation (note 30(a))  (255,213)  -  -  255,213  -  -  -  -  Transfer to capital reserve for  unexercised convertible bonds  at expiry date (note 28)  -  -  -  -  14,320  (14,320)  -  -  Issue of convertible bonds (note 28)  -  -  -  -  -  9,863  -  9,863  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  1,282  571,880  (22,470)  2,435,239  37,957  9,863  (3,056,746)  (22,995)  Loss and total comprehensive  expenses for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (3,675)  (3,675)  Effect of share options forfeitures  -  -  -  -  (5,927)  -  5,927  -  At 31 March 2022  1,282  571,880  (22,470)  2,435,239  32,030  9,863  (3,054,494)  (26,670)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating activities  Loss before taxation  (3,857)  (44,991)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of plant and equipment  426  484  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  1,104  3,982  Amortisation of intangible assets  14,187  18,420  Interest expenses  9,167  5,314  Interest income  (11)  (47)  Gain on derecognition of right-of-use assets  -  (187)  Impairment loss on intangible assets  12,658  6,844  Impairment loss on goodwill  -  14,257  Written-off of prepayment and other receivables  1,527  -  Impairment loss/(Reversal of impairment loss) on accounts and other receivables  5,648  (2,683)  Fair value gain on financial assets and financial liabilities  at fair value through profit or loss, net  (56,657)  (13,642)  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  (15,808)  (12,249)  Decrease/(increase) in accounts and other receivables  1,415  (3,623)  (Decrease)/increase in other payables  (843)  2,032  Cash used in operations  (15,236)  (13,840)  Income tax paid  -  (113)  Net cash used in operating activities  (15,236)  (13,953)  Investing activity  Bank interest received  11  47   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Net cash generated from investing activity  11  47  Financing activities  Proceeds from other borrowings  16,718  19,045  Interest on other borrowings paid  -  (500)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (1,232)  (4,361)  Net cash generated from financing activities  15,486  14,184  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  261  278  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  3,495  3,217  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  3,756  3,495  Analysis of cash and cash equivalents  Cash and cash equivalents  3,756  3,495   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

Century  Entertainment  International  Holdings  Limited  (the  ' Company ')  was  incorporated  and  domiciled  in Bermuda with limited liability and its shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ').

The registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the corporate information section to the annual report.

The principal activity of the Company is investment holdings. The principal activities of its subsidiaries during the year are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (' HK$ '),  which  is  also  the  functional currency of the Company.

## 2. APPLICATION  OF  NEW  AND  AMENDMENTS  TO  HONG  KONG  FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

In  the  current  year,  the  Group has applied, for its first time, the following amendments to HKFRSs, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (' HKICPA ') where are effective for the Group's financial year beginning 1 April 2021:

```
Amendments to HKFRS 16 COVID-19 - Related Rent Concessions Amendments to HKFRS 16 COVID-19 - Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2
```

HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16

The  application  of  the  amendments  to  HKFRSs  in  the  current  year  has  had  no  material  effect  on  the  Group's financial  performance  and  positions  for  the  current  and  prior  periods  and/or  on  the  disclosures  set  out  in  these consolidated financial statements.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. APPLICATION  OF  NEW  AND  AMENDMENTS  TO  HONG  KONG  FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

## New and amendments to HKFRSs issued but not yet effective

The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:

| HKFRS 17 Amendments to HKFRS 3 Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 Amendment to HKFRS 17 Amendments to HKAS 1  Insurance Contracts and related Amendments 2 Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3 Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 - Comparative Information 2 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and the related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) Presentation of Financial Statements - Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2 Definition of Accounting Estimates 2 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 2 Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use 1 Onerous Contracts -Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1 Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 cycle 1 Merger accounting for common control combination 4  Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments to HKAS 8 Amendments to HKAS 12  Amendments to HKAS 16  Amendments to HKAS 37  Amendment to HKFRSs  Accounting Guideline 5 (Revised)  1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.  2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.  3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.  4 Effective for common control combinations that occur on or after beginning of the first annual report period on or after 1 January 2022.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the results and the financial position of the Group.

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## (a) Statement of compliance

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the HKICPA.  In  addition,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  include  applicable  disclosure  required  by  the Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  the  Stock  Exchange  (the  ' Listing  Rules ')  and  by  the  Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## (b) Basis of preparation

## (i) Going Concern

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  of  the  Company  have  considered the  future  liquidity  of  the  Group  in  view  of  its  recurring  losses  incurred  and  net  current  liabilities position  at  31  March  2022.  The  Group  incurred  a  net  loss  attributable  to  the  owners  of  the Company  of  approximately  HK$3,675,000  and  had  net  cash  outflows  from  operating  activities  of approximately  HK$15,236,000  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022.  At  the  same  date,  the Group has net current liabilities of approximately HK$65,072,000 and net liabilities of approximately HK$26,670,000.

It  is  noted  by  the  directors  of  the  Company  that  Mr.  Ng,  the  executive  director,  Chairman,  Chief Executive  Officer  and  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company  undertook  that  he  will  not  call  for repayment of the convertible bond with principal amount of HK$50,000,000 which due for repayment on 30 September 2022 and will further provide sufficient financial supports for the Group's working capital  for  a  period  of  at  least  12  months  until  30  June  2023.  In  addition,  other  borrowings  from third  parties  amounted  to  HK$33,429,000 are personally guaranteed by Mr. Ng. The management of  the  Company  also  have  implemented  the  re-opening  plan  of  the  gaming  tables  business  which  to be located in a new casino in Dara Sakor Investment Zone, Cambodia, and target to commence the operation  of  gaming  tables  business  from  September  2022  after  the  completion  of  systems  testing and training  of  casino  staff.  The  Group  will  continue  to  take  active  measure  to  control  administrative costs and containment of capital expenditures. Having taken into account of the abovementioned, the directors  of  the  Company  adopted  the  going  concern  basis  in  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated financial statements.

In  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the  Company,  in  light  of  the  aforesaid  arrangement  implemented  to date, the Group will have sufficient working capital for its current requirements and it is reasonable to expect that the Group will remain as a commercially viable concern. Accordingly, the directors of the Company are satisfied  that  it  is  appropriate  to  prepare  the  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the year ended 31 March 2022 on a going concern basis. Should the Group be unable to continue to operate as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to write down the value of assets to  their  recoverable  amounts,  to  provide  for  future  liabilities  which  might  arise  and  to  reclassify  noncurrent assets and non-current liabilities to current respectively. The effect of these adjustments has not been reflected in the consolidated financial statements.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (b) Basis of preparation (Continued)

## (ii) Historical cost basis of preparations

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the  historical  cost  basis  (except  for promissory notes that are measured at fair value), at the end of each reporting period.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods or services.

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  in  an orderly  transaction  between  market  participants  at  the  measurement  date  regardless  of  whether  that price  is  directly  observable  or  estimated  using  another  valuation  technique.  Details  of  fair  value measurement policies are explained in accounting policies set out in note 3(y) below.

## (c) Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  incorporate  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved where the Group has:

- the power over the investee;
- exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- the ability to use its power over the investee to affect the amount of the Group's return.

The  Group  reassesses  whether  it  controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances  indicate  that  there  are changes to one or more of the three elements of control stated above.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary.

Income and expenses of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive  income  from  the  date  the  Group  gains  control  until  the  date  when  the  Group  ceases  to control the subsidiary.

Profit  or  loss  and  each  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  of  subsidiaries  are  attributed  to  the owners  of  the  Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  interests.  Total  comprehensive  income  of  subsidiaries are  attributed  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  interests  even  if  this  results  in  the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line with those used by other members of the Group.

All  intragroup  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (d) Goodwill

Goodwill arising from a business combination is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  is  allocated  to  each  of  the  Group's  cash-generating  units (' CGUs ') (or groups of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

A  cash-generating  unit  (' CGU ')  (or  groups  of  CGUs)  to  which  goodwill  has  been  allocated  is  tested  for impairment annually, or more frequently whenever there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the CGU (or groups of CGUs) to which goodwill has  been  allocated  is  tested  for  impairment  before  the  end  of  that  reporting  period.  If  the  recoverable amount  of  the  CGU  is  less  than  its  carrying  amount,  the  impairment  loss  is  allocated  first  to  reduce  the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit, and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro rata basis on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or groups of CGUs). Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognised directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.

On disposal of the relevant CGU, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal.

## (e) Business combinations

Business  combinations  are  accounted  for  by  using  the  acquisition  method.  The  consideration  transferred  in a  business  combination  is  measured  at  fair  value,  which  is  calculated  as  the  sum  of  the  acquisition-date fair  values  of  the  assets  transferred  by  the  Group,  liabilities  incurred  by  the  Group  to  the  former  owners of  the  acquiree  and  the  equity  interests  issued  by  the  Group  in  exchange  for  control  of  the  acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

At  the  acquisition  date,  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  are  recognised  at  their  fair value.

Goodwill  is  measured  as  the  excess  of  the  aggregate  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any non-controlling interests  in  the  acquiree,  and  the  fair  value  of  the  Group's  previously  held  equity  interest  in the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.

Non-controlling  interests,  unless  as  required  by  another  standards,  are  measured  at  acquisition-date  fair value  except  for  non-controlling  interests  that  are  present  ownership  interests  and  entitle  their  holders  to a  proportionate  share  of  the  entity's  net  assets  in  the  event  of  liquidation  are  initially  measured  either  at fair  value  or  at  the  present  ownership  instruments'  proportionate  share  in  the  recognised  amounts  of  the acquiree's identifiable net assets on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (f) Foreign currencies

In  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  each  individual  group  entity,  transactions  in  currencies  other  than the  functional  currency  of  that  entity  (foreign  currencies)  are  recorded  in  the  respective  functional  currency (i.e.  the  currency  of  primary  economic  environment  in  which  the  entity  operates)  at  the  rates  of  exchanges prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value  that  are  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the  rates  prevailing  at  the  date  when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

## (g) Plant and equipment

Plant  and  equipment  are  stated  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  at  cost  less  subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Depreciation  is  recognised  so  as  to  allocate  the  cost  of  items  of  plant  and  equipment  less  their  residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method, at the following rate per annum:

| Leasehold improvements  5 years or over the remaining term of the lease whichever is shorter  Furniture and equipment  3 to 5 years  Motor vehicles  5 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  estimated  useful  lives,  residual  values  and  depreciation  method  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An  item  of  plant  and  equipment  is  derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  no  future  economic  benefits  are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of  an  item  of  plant  and  equipment  is  determined  as  the  difference  between  the  sales  proceeds  and  the carrying amount of the asset is recognised in profit or loss.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (h) Lease

## Definition of a lease

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## The Group as lessee

For  contracts  entered  into  or  modified  on  or  after  the  date  of  initial  application,  the  Group  assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease, at inception of the contract or modification date, as appropriate. The  Group  recognises  a  right-of-use  asset  and  a  corresponding  lease  liability  with  respect  to  all  lease arrangements  in  which  it  is  the  lessee,  except  for  short-term  leases  (defined  as  leases  with  a  lease  term of  12  months  or  less  from  the  commencement  date  and  do  not  contain  a  purchase  option)  and  leases  of low  value  assets.  For  leases,  the  Group  recognises  the  lease  payments  as  an  operating  expense  on  a straight-line basis over the term of the lease unless another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed.

## Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement date, the Group measures lease liability at the  present  value  of  the  lease  payments that  are  not  paid  at  that  date.  The  lease  payments  are  discounted  by  using  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate.

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments);

The lease liability is presented as a separate line in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The  lease  liability  is  subsequently  measured  by  increasing  the  carrying  amount  to  reflect  interest  on  the lease liability  (using  the  effective  interest  method)  and  by  reducing  the  carrying  amount  to  reflect  the  lease payments made.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (h) Lease (Continued)

## The Group as lessee  (Continued)

## Lease liabilities  (Continued)

Lease  liability  is  remeasured  (and  with  a  corresponding  adjustment  to  the  related  right-of-use  asset) whenever:

- the  lease  term  has  changed  or  there  is  a  significant  event  or  change  in  circumstances  resulting  in a  change  in  the  assessment  of  exercise  of  a  purchase  option,  in  which  case  the  lease  liability  is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using revised discount rate.
- the  lease  payments  change  due  to  changes  in  an  index  or  rate  or  a  change  in  expected  payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised  lease  payments  using  the  initial  discount  rate  (unless  the  lease  payments  change  is  due  to  a change in a floating interest rate, in which case a revised discount rate is used).
- a  lease  contract  is  modified  and  the  lease  modification  is  not  accounted  for  as  a  separate  lease, in  which  case  the  lease  liability  is  remeasured  based  on  the  lease  term  of  the  modified  lease  by discounting  the  revised  lease  payments  using  a  revised  discount  rate  at  the  effective  date  of  the modification.

## Right-of-use assets

The right-of-use assets comprise the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liability, lease payments made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date  and  any  initial  direct  costs,  less  lease  incentives  received. Whenever the Group incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore the site on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of  the  lease,  a  provision  is  recognised  and measured under HKAS 37 Provision, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets . The costs are included in the related right-of-use asset, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

Right-of-use assets are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and  adjusted  for  any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities.  They  are  depreciated  over  the  shorter  period  of lease term and useful life of the underlying asset. The depreciation starts at the commencement date of the lease.

The  Group  presents  right-of-use  assets  as  a  separate  line  item  on  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial position.

The Group applies HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets to determine whether a right-of-use asset is impaired and accounts for any identified impairment loss.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (i) Intangible assets

## Intangible assets acquired separately

Intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  that  are  acquired  separately  are  carried  at  costs  less  accumulated amortisation  and  any  accumulated  impairment  losses  (see  the  accounting  policy  in  respect  of  impairment losses  on  tangible  and  intangible  assets  below).  For  the  gaming  license,  amortisation  is  recognised  on  a straight-line  basis  over  its  useful  life  in  the  period  where  revenue  is  generated  from  the  gaming  license. For  the  license  right  of  gaming  tables,  amortisation  is  recognised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  license period  from  the  completion  date  of  the  assignment  agreement.  The  estimated  useful  life  and  amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

The estimated useful lives and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

## Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

Intangible  assets  acquired  in  a  business  combination  and  recognised  separately  from  goodwill  are  initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets with finite useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.

## Derecognition of intangible assets

An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset,  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss when the asset is derecognised.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (j) Impairment  on  plant  and  equipment,  right-of-use  assets  and  intangible  assets  (other  than impairment of goodwill set out in accounting policy of goodwill above)

At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviews  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  plant  and  equipment, right-of-use  assets  and  intangible  assets  to  determine  whether  there  is  any  indication  that  those  assets  have suffered  an  impairment  loss.  If  any  such  indication  exists,  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  asset  is  estimated in  order  to  determine  the  extent  of  the  impairment  loss  (if  any).  When  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the recoverable  amount  of  an  individual  asset,  the  Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGU  to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual CGUs, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of  money  and  the  risks  specific  to  the  asset  for  which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  (or  a  CGU)  is  estimated  to  be  less  than  its  carrying  amount,  the carrying  amount  of  the  asset  (or  the  CGU)  is  reduced  to  its  recoverable  amount.  An  impairment  loss  is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is increased to the  revised  estimate  of  its  recoverable  amount,  but  so  that  the  increased  carrying  amount  does  not  exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or CGU) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## (k) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise cash at banks and on hand and short-term deposits with a maturity of three months or less. For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of bank balances and cash, as defined above.

## (l) Investments in subsidiaries

Investments  in  subsidiaries  are  stated  on  the  statement  of  financial  position  of  the  Company  at  cost  less accumulated impairment loss.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (m) Financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, except for accounts receivables arising  from  contracts  with  customers  which  are  initially  measured  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  15 Revenue from  Contracts  with  Customers .  Transaction  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  added  to  or  deducted  from  the  fair  value  of  the  financial assets  or  financial  liabilities,  as  appropriate,  on  initial  recognition.  Transaction  costs  directly  attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (' FVTPL ')  are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## Financial assets

All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognised  and  derecognised  on  a  trade  date basis.  Regular  way  purchases  or  sales  are  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  that  require  delivery  of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

All  recognised  financial  assets  are  subsequently  measured  in  their  entirety  at  either  amortised  cost  or  fair value,  depending  on  the  classification  of  the  financial  assets.  Financial  assets  are  classified,  at  initial recognition,  as  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost,  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income (' FVTOCI '), and FVTPL.

The classification  of  financial  assets  at  initial  recognition  depends  on  the  financial  asset's  contractual  cash flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them.

## Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

The Group measures financial assets subsequently at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the  contractual  terms  of  the  financial  asset  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  are  subsequently  measured  using  the  effective  interest  method  and  are subject to impairment.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (m) Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets  (Continued)

## Amortised cost and effective interest method

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  debt  instrument  and  of allocating interest income over the relevant period.

For financial assets, the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including  all  fees  and  points  paid  or  received  that  form  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate, transaction  costs  and  other  premiums  or  discounts)  excluding  expected  credit  losses  (' ECL '),  through  the expected life of the debt instrument, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross carrying amount of the debt instrument on initial recognition.

The  amortised  cost  of  a  financial  asset  is  the  amount  at  which  the  financial  asset  is  measured  at  initial recognition  minus  the  principal  repayments,  plus  the  cumulative  amortisation  using  the  effective  interest method  of  any  difference  between  that  initial  amount  and  the  maturity  amount,  adjusted  for  any  loss allowance. The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset before adjusting for any loss allowance.

Interest  income is recognised using the effective interest method for debt instruments measured subsequently at  amortised  cost.  For  financial  assets  other  than  purchased  or  originated  credit-impaired  financial  assets, interest  income  is  calculated  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  a financial  asset,  except  for  financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired  (see  below).  For financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  amortised  cost  of  the  financial  asset.  If,  in  subsequent  reporting  periods, the  credit  risk  on  the  credit-impaired  financial  instrument  improves  so  that  the  financial  asset  is  no  longer credit-impaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying amount of the financial asset.

Interest income is recognised in profit or loss and is included in the 'Other income and gains' line item (note 8).

## Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Specifically, debt instruments that do not meet the amortised cost criteria or the FVTOCI criteria are classified as at FVTPL.

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. Fair value is determined in the manner described in note 5.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (m) Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets  (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets

The  Group  recognises  a  loss  allowance  for  ECL  on  investments  in  debt  instruments  that  are  measured  at amortised cost. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for accounts receivables. The ECL on these financial assets are estimated  using  a  provision  matrix  based  on  the  Group's  historical  credit  loss  experience,  adjusted  for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as  well  as  the  forecast  direction  of  conditions  at  the  reporting  date,  including  time  value  of  money  where appropriate.

For  all  other  financial  instruments,  the  Group  measures  the  loss  allowance  equal  to  12-month  ECL,  unless when there  has  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group  recognises  lifetime ECL.  The  assessment  of  whether  lifetime  ECL  should  be  recognised  is  based  on  significant  increase  in  the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

## Significant increase in credit risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  on  a  financial  instrument  has  increased  significantly  since  initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the reporting date with the risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  date  of  initial  recognition.  In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and  supportable,  including  historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without undue  cost  or  effort.  Forward-looking  information  considered  includes  the  future  prospects  of  the  industries in  which  the  Group's  debtors  operate,  obtained  from  economic  expert  reports,  financial  analysts,  as  well as  consideration  of  various  external  sources  of  actual  and  forecast  economic  information  that  relate  to  the Group's operations.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit  risk  has increased significantly since initial recognition:

- an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  financial  instrument's  external  (if  available)  or internal credit rating;
- existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or  technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 90 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (m) Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets  (Continued)

## Significant increase in credit risk  (Continued)

Despite  the  foregoing,  the  Group  assumes  that  the  credit  risk  on  a  debt  instrument  has  not  increased significantly  since  initial  recognition  if  the  debt  instrument  is  determined  to  have  low  credit  risk  at  the reporting date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) the financial instrument has a low risk of default; ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near  term;  and  iii)  adverse  changes  in  economic  and  business  conditions  in  the  longer  term  may,  but  will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating of  'investment grade'  in  accordance  with  the  globally  understood  definition  or  if  an  external  rating  is  not  available,  the asset  has  an  internal  rating  of  'performing'.  Performing  means  that  the  counterparty  has  a  strong  financial position and there is no past due amounts.

For  financial  guarantee  contracts,  the  date  that  the  Group  becomes  a  party  to  the  irrevocable  commitment is  considered  to  be  the  date  of  initial  recognition  for  the  purposes  of  assessing  the  financial  instrument for  impairment.  In  assessing  whether  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  the  credit  risk  since  initial recognition of a financial guarantee contract, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract.

The  Group  regularly  monitors  the  effectiveness  of  the  criteria  used  to  identify  whether  there  has  been  a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

## Definition of default

The  Group  considers  the  following  as  constituting  an  event  of  default  for  internal  credit  risk  management purposes  as  historical  experience  indicates  that  receivables  that  meet  either  of  the  following  criteria  are generally not recoverable:

- when there is a breach of financial covenants by the debtor; or
- information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

The Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (m) Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets  (Continued)

## Credit-impaired financial assets

A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future  cash  flows  of  that  financial  asset  have  occurred.  Evidence  that  a  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

- significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- the  lender(s)  of  the  borrower,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the  borrower's  financial difficulty,  having  granted  to  the  borrower  a  concession(s)  that  the  lender(s)  would  not  otherwise consider;
- it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
- the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

## Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the  debtor  is  in  severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of accounts receivables, when the amounts are over three years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written-off may still be subject  to  enforcement  activities  under  the  Group's  recovery  procedures,  taking  into  account  legal  advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (m) Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets  (Continued)

## Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the  loss  if  there  is  a  default)  and  the  exposure  at  default.  The  assessment  of  the  probability  of  default  and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information as described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets' gross carrying amount at the reporting date.

For financial assets, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  contract  and  all  the  cash  flows  that  the  Group  expects  to  receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.

For a financial guarantee contract, as the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, the expected loss allowance is  the  expected  payments  to  reimburse  the  holder  for  a  credit  loss  that  it  incurs  less  any  amounts  that  the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.

If  the  Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime ECL in  the  previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month ECL at the current reporting date, except for assets for which simplified approach was used.

The  Group  recognises  an  impairment  gain  or  loss  in  profit  or  loss  for  all  financial  instruments  with  a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another party.

On  derecognition  of  a  financial  asset  measured  at  amortised  cost,  the  difference  between  the  asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (m) Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments  (Continued)

## Equity instruments

An  equity  instrument  is  any  contract  that  evidences  a  residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  an  entity  after deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments  issued  by  a  group  entity  are  recognised  at  the  proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

Repurchase  of  the  Company's  own  equity  instruments  is  recognised  and  deducted  directly  in  equity.  No gain  or  loss  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  on  the  purchase,  sale,  issue  or  cancellation  of  the  Company's own equity instruments.

## Financial liabilities

All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVTPL.

Financial liabilities that arise when a transfer of a financial asset does not qualify for derecognition or when the  continuing  involvement  approach  applies,  and  financial  guarantee  contracts  issued  by  the  Group,  are measured in accordance with the specific accounting policies set out below.

## Financial liabilities at FVTPL

Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is 1) contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 applies, 2) held for trading, or 3) it is designated as at FVTPL.

A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

- such  designation  eliminates  or  significantly  reduces  a  measurement  or  recognition  inconsistency  that would otherwise arise; or
- the  financial  liability  forms  part  of  a  group  of  financial  assets  or  financial  liabilities  or  both,  which is  managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group's documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis; or
- it  forms  part  of  a  contract  containing  one  or  more  embedded  derivatives,  and  HKFRS  9 Financial Instruments  permits the entire combined contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (m) Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments  (Continued)

Financial liabilities  (Continued)

## Financial liabilities at FVTPL  (Continued)

Financial liabilities at FVTPL are stated at fair value with any gains or losses arising on changes in fair value recognised  in  profit  or  loss  to  the  extent  that  they  are  not  part  of  a  designated  hedging  relationship.  The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss incorporates any interest paid on the financial liabilities and is included in the 'other gains and losses' line item in profit or loss.

However,  for  financial  liabilities  that  are  designated  as  at  FVTPL,  the  amount  of  change  in  the  fair  value of  the  financial  liability  that  is  attributable  to  changes  in  the  credit  risk  of  that  liability  is  recognised  in other  comprehensive  income,  unless  the  recognition  of  the  effects  of  changes  in  the  liability's  credit  risk in  other  comprehensive  income  would  create  or  enlarge  an  accounting  mismatch  in  profit  or  loss.  The remaining  amount  of  change  in  the  fair  value  of  liability  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  Changes  in  fair value  attributable  to  a  financial  liability's  credit  risk  that  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income are  not  subsequently  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss;  instead,  they  are  transferred  to  retained  earnings  upon derecognition of the financial liability.

Gains or losses on financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group that are designated by the Group as at FVTPL are recognised in profit or loss.

## Financial liabilities subsequently measured at amortised cost

Financial  liabilities  that  are  not  (i)  contingent  consideration  of  an  acquirer  in  a  business  combination,  (ii) held-for-trading,  or  (iii)  designated  as  at  FVTPL,  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the effective interest method.

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial  liability  and of  allocating  interest  expense  over  the  relevant  period.  The  effective  interest  rate  is  the  rate  that  exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The  Group  derecognises  financial  assets  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations  are  discharged, cancelled  or  they  expire.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset  derecognised and the consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (n) Financial guarantee contracts

A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

Financial guarantee contracts issued by a group entity are initially measured at their fair values and, if not designated as at FVTPL and do not arise from a transfer of a financial asset, are subsequently measured at the higher of:

- the amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with HKFRS 9; and
- the  amount  initially  recognised  less,  where  appropriate,  cumulative  amortisation  recognised  over  the guarantee period.

## (o) Convertible bonds

## Convertible bonds that contains liabilities component and conversion option derivate

Convertible  loan  notes  issued  by  the  Company  that  contain  both  the  liability  and  conversion  option components  are  classified  separately  into  respective  items  on  initial  recognition  in  accordance  with  the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument. Conversion option that will be settled by the exchange of a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of the Company's own equity instruments is classified as an equity instrument.

On  initial  recognition,  the  fair  value  of  the  liability  component  is  determined  using  the  prevailing  market interest  of  similar  non-convertible  debts.  The  difference  between  the  gross  proceeds  of  the  issue  of  the convertible  loan  notes  and  the  fair  value  assigned  to  the  liability  component,  representing  the  conversion option for the holder to convert the loan notes into equity, is included in equity (convertible bonds reserve).

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (o) Convertible bonds (Continued)

## Convertible bonds that contains liabilities component and conversion option derivate  (Continued)

In  subsequent  periods,  the  liability  component  of  the  convertible  loan  notes  is  carried  at  amortised  cost using  the  effective  interest  method.  The  equity  component,  representing  the  option  to  convert  the  liability component into  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company,  will  remain  in  convertible  loan  notes  equity  reserve  until the conversion option is exercised (in which case the balance stated in convertible loan notes equity reserve will be transferred to share premium). Where the option remains unexercised at the expiry date, the balance stated  in  convertible  loan  notes  equity  reserve  will  be  released  to  the  capital  reserve.  No  gain  or  loss  is recognised in profit or loss upon conversion or expiration of the option.

Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible loan notes are allocated to the liability and equity components  in  proportion  to  the  allocation  of  the  gross  proceeds.  Transaction  costs  relating  to  the  equity component are charged directly to equity. Transaction costs relating to the liability component are included in  the  carrying  amount  of  the  liability  portion  and  amortised  over  the  period  of  the  convertible  loan  notes using the effective interest method.

## (p) Revenue

Revenue is recognised to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Specifically, the Group uses a five-step approach to recognise revenue:

- Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer
- Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract
- Step 3: Determine the transaction price
- Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
- Step 5: Revenue recognition when (or as) the Group satisfies a performance obligation.

The Group recognised revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to customers.

A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (p) Revenue (Continued)

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognised  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress  towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs;
- the  Group's  performance  creates  or  enhances  an  asset  that  the  customer  controls  as  the  asset  is created or enhanced; or
- the Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer.

The Group recognised revenue from investments in gaming and entertainment related business and services for augmented reality (' AR ')/virtual reality (' VR ') and mobile games solutions.

## (q) Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## (r) Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for  the purpose of  giving  immediate  financial  support  to  the  Group  with  no  future  related  costs  are  recognised  in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (s) Share-based payment transactions of the Company

Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date. Details regarding the determination of the fair value of equity-settled share-based transactions are set out in note 32. The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight line basis over the vesting period, based on  the  Group's  estimate  of  equity  instruments  that  will  eventually  vest,  with  a  corresponding  increase  in equity.

At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  the  Group  revises  its  estimate  of  the  number  of  equity  instruments expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such  that  the  cumulative  expense  reflects  the  revised  estimate,  with  a  corresponding  adjustment  to  capital reserve.

For  share  options  that  vest  immediately  at  the  date  of  grant,  the  fair  value  of  the  share  options  granted  is expensed immediately to profit or loss.

When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in capital reserve will be transferred to  share  premium.  When  share  options  are  forfeited  after  the  vesting  date  or  are  still  not  exercised  at  the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in capital reserve will be transferred to accumulated losses.

## (t) Retirement benefit costs

The Group contributes to a defined contribution retirement scheme, Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the ' MPF  Scheme '),  under  the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Scheme  Ordinance  for  all  employees  in  Hong Kong. Contributions to the scheme are made based on a percentage of the employees' relevant income and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets  of  the  MPF  Scheme  are  held  separately  from  those  of  the  Group  in  an  independently  administered fund. The Group's employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed in the MPF Scheme.

## (u) Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

Short-term  employee  benefits  are  recognised  at  the  undiscounted  amount  of  the  benefits  expected  to  be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

Liabilities  recognised  in  respect  of  other  long-term  employee  benefits  are  measured  at  the  present  value  of the  estimated  future  cash  outflows  expected  to  be  made  by  the  Group  in  respect  of  services  provided  by employees up to the reporting  date.  Any  changes  in  the  liabilities'  carrying  amounts  resulting  from  service cost,  interest  and  remeasurements  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  except  to  the  extent  that  another  HKFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (v) Taxation

Income tax expenses represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred taxation. The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before taxation as reported in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  because  it  excludes  items of  income  or  expense  that  are  taxable  or  deductible  in  other  years  and  it  further  excludes  items  that  are never taxable or deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax is  recognised  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit.  Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognised  for  all  taxable  temporary  differences.  Deferred  tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets  and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  goodwill  or  from  the  initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  on  investments  in subsidiaries,  except  where  the  Group  is  able  to  control  the  reversal  of  the  temporary  difference  and  it  is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments only recognised to the extent that it is  probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred taxation is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is  settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the  tax  consequences  that  would  follow  from  the  manner  in  which  the  Group  expects,  at  the  end  of  the reporting  period,  to  recover  or  settle  the  carrying  amount  of  its  assets  and  liabilities.  Current  and  deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income  or  directly  in  equity,  in  which  case  the  current  and  deferred  tax  is  also  recognised  in  other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  offset  when  there  is  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  set  off  current tax  assets  against  current  tax  liabilities  and  when  they  relate  to  income  taxes  levied  by  the  same  taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

## (w) Offsetting financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  are  offset  and  the  net  amount  presented  in  the  consolidated statement  of  financial  position  when,  and  only  when,  there  is  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  set  off  the recognised  amounts  and  there  is  an  intention  to  settle  on  a  net  basis  or  realise  the  asset  and  settle  the liability simultaneously.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (x) Provisions

Provisions  are  recognised  when  the  Group  has  a  present  obligation  (legal  or  constructive)  as  a  result  of  a past  event,  it  is  probable  that  the  Group  will  be  required  to  settle  that  obligation,  and  a  reliable  estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

Provisions are measured at the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  taking  into  account  the  risks  and  uncertainties  surrounding  the  obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows  estimated  to  settle  the  present  obligation,  its  carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

When  some  or  all  of  the  economic  benefits  required  to  settle  a  provision  are  expected  to  be  recovered from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

## (y) Fair value measurement

When  measuring  fair  value  except  for  the  Group's  share-based  payment  transactions  and  value  in  use of  goodwill,  intangible  assets,  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  for  the  purpose  of  impairment assessment,  the  Group  takes  into  account  the  characteristics  of  the  asset  or  liability  if  market  participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.

A  fair  value  measurement  of  a  non-financial  asset  takes  into  account  a  market  participant's  ability  to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of  unobservable  inputs.  Specifically,  the  Group  categorised  the  fair  value  measurements  into  three  levels, based on the characteristics of inputs, as follow:

- Level 1 -   Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
- Level 2 -   Valuation  techniques  for  which  the  lowest  level  input  that  is  significant  to  the  fair  value measurement is directly or indirectly observable.
- Level 3 -   Valuation  techniques  for  which  the  lowest  level  input  that  is  significant  to  the  fair  value measurement is unobservable.

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  determines  whether  transfer  occur  between  levels  of  the  fair value  hierarchy  for  assets  and  liabilities  which  are  measured  at  fair  value  on  recurring  basis  by  reviewing their respective fair value measurement.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. CRITICAL  ACCOUNTING  JUDGEMENTS  AND  KEY  SOURCES  OF  ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In  the  application  of  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  which  are  described  in  note  3,  the  directors  of  the Company are required  to  make  judgements,  estimates  and  assumptions  about  the  amounts  of  assets,  liabilities, revenue and expenses reported and disclosures made in the consolidated financial statements. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are  recognised  in  the  period  in  which  the  estimate  is  revised  if  the  revision  affects  only  that  period,  or  in  the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

## (a) Critical judgement in applying accounting policies

The  following  are  the  critical  judgements,  apart  from  those  involving  estimations  (see  below),  that  the directors  of  the  Company  have  made  in  the  process  of  applying  the  Group's  accounting  policies  and that  have  the  most  significant  effect  on  the  amounts  recognised  and  disclosures  made  in  the  consolidated financial statements.

## Going concern basis

As  explained  in  note  3(b)  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  financial  position  of  the  Group indicates the existence of a material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt about the Group's ability to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  The  basis  for  adoption  of  going  concern  is  set  out  in  note  3(b)  to  the consolidated financial statements. Should the Group be unable to raise new financing or other measures fail to improve the liquidity of the Group and the Group is unable to continue in business as a going concern, adjustments would be needed to reduce the carrying amounts of the assets of the Group to their recoverable amounts and, to provide for further liabilities which might arise.

## (b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

## Estimated impairment of plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets

Plant  and  equipment,  right-of-use  assets  and  intangible  assets  are  stated  at  costs  less  accumulated depreciation  and  impairment,  if  any.  In  determining  whether  an  asset  is  impaired,  the  Group  has  to exercise  judgement  and  make  estimation,  particularly  in  assessing:  (1)  whether  an  event  has  occurred  or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in  estimating  the  recoverable  amounts  including  cash  flow  projections  and  an  appropriate  discount  rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the assets belongs.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. CRITICAL  ACCOUNTING  JUDGEMENTS  AND  KEY  SOURCES  OF  ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## (b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Estimated impairment of plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets  (Continued)

The  future  cash  flow  is  estimated  based  on  past  performance  and  expectation  for  market  development, including but not limited to the impacts of COVID-19 pandemic. As the current environment is uncertain, the estimated  cash  flows  and  discount  rate  are  subject  to  higher  degree  of  estimation  uncertainty.  Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the recoverable amounts.

At  31  March  2022,  the  carrying  amounts  of  plant  and  equipment,  right-of-use  assets  and  intangible assets  were  approximately  HK$666,000  (2021:  HK$1,092,000),  nil  (2021:  HK$1,104,000)  and HK$28,142,000 (2021: HK$54,987,000) respectively.  At  31  March  2022,  the  management  assessed that  there  was  no  impairment  on  the  plant  and  equipment  and  the  right-of-use  assets  (2021:  nil)  and  the impairment loss on intangible assets was approximately HK$12,658,000 (2021: HK$6,844,000). Details of the impairment of intangible assets are disclosed in note 20(b).

## Useful lives and residual values of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  the  directors  of  the  Company  review  the  estimated  useful  life  of plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  with  finite  useful  life.  The  estimated  useful  life  reflects  the directors'  estimates  of  the  periods  that  the  Group  intends  to  derive  future  economic  benefits  from  the  use of  the  Group's  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets.  The  residual  values  of  plant  and  equipment reflect  the  directors'  estimated  amount  that  the  Group  would  currently  obtain  from  disposal  of  the  assets, after  deducting  the  estimated  costs  of  disposal,  if  the  assets  were  already  of  the  age  and  in  the  condition expected at the  end  of  its  useful  life.  The  carrying  amounts  of  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets with finite useful life at 31 March 2022 were approximately HK$666,000 (2021: HK$1,092,000) and nil (2021: HK$1,104,000).

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. CRITICAL  ACCOUNTING  JUDGEMENTS  AND  KEY  SOURCES  OF  ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## (b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Impairment of goodwill

Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units  to  which  goodwill  has  been  allocated.  The  value  in  use  calculation  requires  the  Group  to  estimate the  future  cash  flows  expected  to  arise  from  the  cash-generating  unit  and  a  suitable  discount  rate  in  order to  calculate  the  present  value.  Where  the  actual  future  cash  flows  are  less  than  expected,  a  material impairment loss may arise.

At  31  March  2022,  the  gross  amount  of  goodwill  is  HK$41,761,000  (2021:  HK$41,761,000),  net  of accumulated  impairment  loss  of  HK$41,761,000  (2021:  HK$41,761,000).  Details  of  the  recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in note 19.

## Amortisation of intangible assets

Intangible  assets  are  amortised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated  useful  lives  in  accordance with  the  accounting  policy  stated  in  note  3(i).  The  determination  of  the  useful  lives  involves  management's estimation. The Group re-assesses the useful life of the intangible assets and, if the expectation differs from the  original  estimate,  such  a  difference  may  impact  the  amortisation  in  the  year  and  the  estimate  will  be changed in the future period.

The  carrying  amounts  of  intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  life  at  31  March  2022  were  approximately HK$28,142,000 (2021: HK$54,987,000)

## Loss allowance on accounts and other receivables

The accounts and other receivables are assessed for impairment based on the expected loss model required by  HKFRS  9 Financial  Instruments .  The  assessment  made  by  management  has  taken  into  account  relevant historical  information  adjusted  for  forward  looking  information  available  to  management  at  the  date  of assessment (to the extent that such information is reasonable and supportable without undue cost or effort). Impairment losses are recognised for the current year in according to the expected credit loss model under HKFR 9 Financial Instruments  and details are disclosed in note 5(b) and note 22.

Management has exercised judgment in estimating the amount of expected credit loss. If the actual outcome is  different  from  management's  estimate,  an  additional  impairment  loss  or  reversal  of  impairment  loss  may arise.

At 31 March 2022, the carrying amounts of accounts receivables and other receivables were approximately HK$150,000  (2021:  HK$679,000)  and  HK$34,834,000  (2021:  HK$41,605,000)  respectively,  with accumulated loss allowance on accounts receivables and other receivables of approximately HK$850,000 (2021: HK$1,388,000) and HK$11,664,000 (2021: HK$6,321,000) respectively.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. CRITICAL  ACCOUNTING  JUDGEMENTS  AND  KEY  SOURCES  OF  ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## (b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities at FVTPL

As  described  in  note  5,  the  directors  of  the  Company  use  their  judgement  in  selecting  an  appropriate valuation technique for financial instruments not quoted in an active market. Valuation techniques commonly used  by  market  practitioners  are  applied.  Financial  asset  are  valued  using  Monte  Carlo  model  based  on assumption  supported,  where  possible,  on  the  growth  rate  and  volatility  of  net  profit  of  Gaming  Table Business.  Financial  liabilities  are  valued  using  a  discounted  cash  flow  analysis  based  on  assumptions supported,  where  possible,  by  observable  market  prices  or  rates.  The  estimation  of  fair  value  of  financial assets  and  financial  liabilities  at  FVTPL  includes  some  assumptions  not  supported  by  observable  market prices  or  rates.  The  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  at  FVTPL  at  31  March 2022 are HK$113,400,000 (2021: HK$48,995,000) and HK$57,518,000 (2021: HK$49,770,000) respectively. Details of the assumptions used are disclosed in note 5. The directors of the Company believe that  the  chosen  valuation  techniques  and  assumptions  are  appropriate  in  determining  the  fair  value  of financial assets and financial liabilities.

## Income taxes

As disclosed in note 29, no deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the estimated unused tax losses  of  approximately  HK$827,000  (2021:  HK$972,000)  due  to  the  unpredictability  of  future  profit streams at 31 March 2022. The realisability of the deferred tax assets mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits or taxable temporary difference will be available in the future. In case where the actual future profits generated are less than expected, a material reversal of deferred tax assets may arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss for the year in which such a reversal take place.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (a) Categories of financial instruments

The  carrying  amounts  of  each  of  the  categories  of  financial  instruments  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at FVTPL  Profit guarantee  55,882  -  Financial assets at amortised cost  Accounts receivables  150  679  Other receivables  34,834  41,605  Rental and other deposits  9,761  9,174  Cash and cash equivalents  3,756  3,495  48,501  54,953  104,383  54,953  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities at FVTPL  Promissory notes  -  775  Financial liabilities at amortised cost  Other payables  12,837  10,880  Other borrowings  100,179  83,461  Convertible bonds  46,475  40,137  159,491  134,478  159,491  135,253   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and polices

Exposure  to  credit,  liquidity,  interest  rate  and  currency  risks  arises  in  the  normal  course  of  the  Group's business. The Group's exposure to those risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to manage these risks are described below.

## (i) Interest rate risk

The Group's interest rate risk arises primarily from obligations under other borrowings. The obligations under other borrowings are at fixed interest rate which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. The Group does not expect any significant changes in fixed interest rate which might materially affect the Group's result of operations.

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and polices (Continued)

## (ii) Currency risk

The  Group  is  not  exposed  to  significant  currency  risk  as  most  of  income,  expenses  and  financial instruments are denominated in the functional currency of the operations to which they relate.

## (iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment

The  Group's  credit  risk  was  primarily  attributable  to  accounts  receivables,  rental  and  other  deposits, other  receivables  and  cash  and  cash  equivalents.  Management  has  a  credit  policy  in  place  and  the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis.

Substantially, all the Group's cash and cash equivalents are deposited in the banks in Hong Kong. The credit  risk  on  bank  balances  is  limited  because  the  counterparties  are  banks  with  high  credit  ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

For  accounts  receivables,  the  Group  has  applied  the  simplified  approach  in  HKFRS  9  Financial Instruments   to  measure  the  loss  allowance  at  lifetime  ECL.  The  Group  determines  the  ECL  on  an collectively basis by using a provision matrix, estimated based on historical credit loss experience, as well  as  the  general  economic  conditions  of  the  industry  in  which  the  debtors  operate.  In  this  regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group's credit risk is significantly reduced.

For other receivables, the Group has assessed whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk  since  initial  recognition.  If  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk,  the  Group  will measure the loss allowance based on lifetime rather than 12-month ECL.

The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  on  an  ongoing  basis  throughout  the  reporting  period.  To assess  whether  there  is  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  the  Group  compares  the  risk  of  a  default occurring on the asset at the reporting date with the risk of default at the date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

- internal credit rating;
- external credit rating;
- actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower's ability to meet its obligations;
- actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower;
- significant increase in credit risk on other financial instruments of the borrower; and
- significant  changes  in  the  expected  performance  and  behaviour  of  the  borrower,  including changes in the payment status of borrowers in the Group and changes in the operating results of the borrower.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and polices (Continued)

## (iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment  (Continued)

The Group's exposure to credit risk

In  order  to  minimise  credit  risk,  the  Group  has  tasked  its  management  to  develop  and  maintain  the Group's  credit  risk  grading  to  categorise  exposures  according  to  their  degree  of  risk  of  default. The  credit  rating  information  is  supplied  by  independent  rating  agencies  where  available  and,  if not  available,  the  management  uses  other  publicly  available  financial  information  and  the  Group's own  trading  records  to  rate  its  major  debtors.  The  Group's  exposure  and  the  credit  ratings  of  its counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst approved counterparties.

The Group's current credit risk grading framework comprises the following categories:

| Category  Definition  Basis for recognising ECL  Performing  For financial assets where there has low risk of  default or has not been a significant increase  in credit risk since initial recognition and that  are not credit impaired (refer to as Stage 1)  12-month ECL  Doubtful  For financial assets where there has been a  significant increase in credit risk since initial  recognition but that are not credit impaired  (refer to as Stage 2)  Lifetime ECL - not credit impaired  Default  Financial assets are assessed as credit impaired  when one or more events that have a  detrimental impact on the estimated future cash  flows of that asset have occurred (refer to as  Stage 3)  Lifetime ECL - credit impaired  Written-off  There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in  severe financial difficulty and the Group has  no realistic prospect of recovery  Amount written-off   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and polices (Continued)

## (iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment  (Continued)

The Group's exposure to credit risk  (Continued)

The  tables  below  detail  the  credit  quality  of  the  Group's  financial  assets,  as  well  as  the  Group's maximum exposure to credit risk by credit risk rating grades:

| 2022  2021  Notes  Internal  credit  rating  12-month  or life  time ECL  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Net  carrying  amount  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Net  carrying  amount  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Accounts receivables  22  (note)  Lifetime ECL  (simplified  approach)  200  (50)  150  727  (48)  679  Accounts receivables  22  Default  Lifetime  ECL - credit  impaired  800  (800)  -  1,340  (1,340)  -  Other receivables  22  Performing  12-month ECL  46,498  (11,664)  34,834  47,926  (6,321)  41,605  (12,514)  (7,709)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  For accounts receivables which are past due within 12 months, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments  to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL on these items by using a provision matrix, estimated based on historical credit loss experience based on the past due status of the debtors, adjusted as appropriate to reflect current conditions and estimates of future economic conditions. Accordingly, the credit risk profile of these assets is presented based on their past due status in terms of the provision matrix. Note 22 includes further details on the loss allowance for these assets respectively.

The Group holds no collateral over the accounts and other receivables.

The  Group  has  concentration  of  credit  risk  as  100%  (2021:  41%)  and  100%  (2021:  100%)  of  the total accounts receivables was due from the Group's largest external customer and the top five largest external customers respectively at 31 March 2022.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and polices (Continued)

## (iv) Liquidity risk

Individual  operating  entities  within  the  Group  are  responsible  for  their  own  cash  management, including the short-term  investment  of  cash  surpluses  and  the  raising  of  borrowings  to  cover  expected cash demands, subject to approval by the Company's board of directors when the borrowings exceed certain  predetermined  levels  of  authority.  The  Group's  policy  is  to  regularly  monitor  current  and expected  liquidity  requirements  to  ensure  that  it  maintains  sufficient  reserves  of  cash  and  adequate committed lines  of  funding  from  major  loan  lenders  to  meet  its  liquidity  requirements  in  the  short  and longer term.

The  following  table  details  the  remaining  contractual  maturities  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  of the  Group's  financial  liabilities,  which  are  based  on  contractual  undiscounted  cash  flows  (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on current rates at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

| At 31 March 2022  Within  1 year or  on demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flows  Carrying  amount  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other payables  12,837  -  -  12,837  12,837  Other borrowings  100,179  -  -  100,179  100,179  Convertible bonds  50,000  -  -  50,000  46,475  163,016  -  -  163,016  159,491   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| At 31 March 2021  Within  1 year or  on demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flows  Carrying  amount  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other payables  10,880  -  -  10,880  10,880  Other borrowings  83,461  -  -  83,461  83,461  Financial liabilities at FVTPL  -  977  -  977  775  Convertible bonds  -  50,000  -  50,000  40,137  94,341  50,977  -  145,318  135,253  Lease liabilities  1,232  -  -  1,232  1,203   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and polices (Continued)

## (v) Fair value measurement

Fair value measurement objective and policies

The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, grouped into fair value hierarchy Levels 1 to 3 based on the degree to which the fair value is observable in accordance to the Group's accounting policy.

| At 31 March 2022  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at FVTPL  Profit guarantee  -  -  113,400  113,400  Financial liabilities at FVTPL  Promissory notes  -  -  57,518  57,518   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| At 31 March 2021  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at FVTPL  Profit guarantee  -  -  48,995  48,995  Financial liabilities at FVTPL  Promissory notes  -  -  49,770  49,770   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  level  3  fair  value  measurements,  the  Group  will  normally  engage  external  valuation  experts  with the recognised professional qualifications and recent experience to perform the valuations.

During  the  years  ended  31  March  2022  and  2021,  there  were  no  transfers  between  level  1  and level 2 fair value measurements, and no transfer into and out of level 3 fair value measurements. The Group's policy is to recognise transfer between levels at the end of the reporting period

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and polices (Continued)

## (v) Fair value measurement  (Continued)

Fair value of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

The valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements of each financial instruments on a recurring basis are set out below:

| Fair value at 31 March  2022  2021  Fair value  hierarchy  Valuation  technique and  key inputs  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Relationship of  key inputs and  significant  unobservable  inputs to  fair value  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at FVTPL  - Profit guarantee  113,400  48,995  Level 3  Monte Carol model  based on expected  volatility of net profit  Expected Volatility:  0% (2021:  71.78%)  The higher the  expected volatility,  the lower the fair  value  Financial liabilities at FVTPL  - Promissory notes  57,518  49,770  Level 3  Discounted cash flow  model based on  discount rate and  future cash flow  Discount rate of  16.14% (2021:  15.76%)  The higher the  discount rate, the  lower the value   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and polices (Continued)

## (v) Fair value measurement  (Continued)

Fair value of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis  (Continued)

Reconciliation  of  Level  3  fair  value  measurements  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  on recurring basis and offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities.

| Gross amounts recognised  Profit  guarantee  Promissory  notes  Net amounts  presented  HK'000  HK'000  HK'000  At 1 April 2020  21,818  (36,235)  (14,417)  Fair value gain/(loss) recognised through  profit or loss  27,177  (13,535)  13,642  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  48,995  (49,770)  (775)  Fair value gain/(loss) recognised through  profit or loss  64,405  (7,748)  56,657  At 31 March 2022  113,400  (57,518)  55,882   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and polices (Continued)

## (v) Fair value measurement  (Continued)

Fair value of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis  (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the fair value gain recognised in profit or loss of approximately HK$56,657,000  (2021:  HK$13,642,000)  was  unrealised  gain  on  financial  assets  and  financial liabilities designated at FVTPL held at the end of the reporting period.

For  the  financial  assets  and  liabilities  subject  to  enforceable  master  netting  arrangements  or  similar arrangements  above,  each  agreement  between  the  Group  and  the  counterparty  allows  for  net settlement of the relevant financial assets and liabilities when both elect to settle on a net basis. In the absence of such an election, financial assets and liabilities will be settled on a gross basis, however, each party to the master netting agreement or similar agreement will have the option to settle all such amounts on a net basis in the event of default of the other party.

Fair value of financial instruments that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis

The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of the financial assets and financial liabilities  recorded  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  rate  method  in  the  consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

## 6. REVENUE

An analysis of the Group's revenue is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Services income derived from AR/VR and mobile games solutions  200  727   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Investment in VIP room and gaming tables in Cambodia

Victor  Mind  Global  Limited,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  operates  VIP  room  and  gaming tables  in  Cambodia.  The  net  gaming  win  was  recognised  when  the  relevant  services  had  been  rendered and was measured at the entitlement of economic inflows of the Group from this operation after deduction of commission.

The VIP room gaming business had been early terminated from 1 June 2020 due to the global outbreak of the  novel  coronavirus  (COVID-19)  epidemic  and  temporary  closure  of  all  casinos  in  Cambodia  since  from April 2020.

No revenue is generated from the gaming tables business due to relocation to a new casino in Dara Sakor Investment Zone, Cambodia is in progress during the year.

## (b) Services income derived from AR/VR and mobile games solutions

MostCore  Limited,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  specialised  in  AR/VR  entertainment developments and apps on mobile devices platforms and also provides customised IT and design solutions.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. SEGMENT INFORMATION

Information  reported  to  the  executive  directors,  being  the  chief  operating  decision  maker  (' CODM '),  for  the purposes  of  resource  allocation  and  assessment  of  segment  performance  focuses  on  types  of  goods  or  services delivered  or  provided.  The  directors  of  the  Company  have  chosen  to  organise  the  Group  around  differences  in products and services. No operating segments identified by the CODM have been aggregated in arriving at the reportable segments of the Group.

During the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group's reportable segments are as follows:

- (i) Gaming and entertainment related businesses; and
- (ii) AR/VR and mobile games solutions.

These  operating  segments  have  been  identified  on  the  basis  of  internal  management  reports  prepared  in accordance with accounting policies which conform to HKFRSs, that are regularly reviewed by the CODM. The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue and results by reportable and operating segments:

## (a) Segment revenues and results

## For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Gaming and  entertainment  AR/VR and  mobile games  solutions  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment revenue  -  200  200  Timing of revenue recognition  Point in time  -  200  200  Segment profit/(loss)  24,947  (729)  24,218  Unallocated income  11  Unallocated corporate expenses  (18,919)  Unallocated finance costs  (9,167)  Loss before taxation  (3,857)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (a) Segment revenues and results (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2021

| Gaming and  entertainment  AR/VR and  mobile games  solutions  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment revenue  -  727  727  Timing of revenue recognition  Point in time  -  727  727  Segment profit/(loss)  2,115  (27,144)  (25,029)  Unallocated income  4,855  Unallocated corporate expenses  (19,512)  Unallocated finance costs  (5,305)  Loss before taxation  (44,991)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Segment profit/(loss) represents the profit/(loss) of each segment without allocation of central administration costs, directors' emoluments, other income, finance costs. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (b) Segment assets and liabilities

The following is an analysis of the Group's assets and liabilities by reportable and operating segment:

| 2022  2021  Segment assets  HK$'000  HK$'000  Gaming and entertainment  128,523  104,351  AR/VR and mobile games solutions  151  2,767  Total segment assets  128,674  107,118  Unallocated corporate assets  4,881  7,259  Consolidated total assets  133,555  114,377  2022  2021  Segment liabilities  HK$'000  HK$'000  Gaming and entertainment  -  775  AR/VR and mobile games solutions  734  959  Total segment liabilities  734  1,734  Unallocated corporate liabilities  159,491  135,638  Consolidated total liabilities  160,225  137,372   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

- -All  assets  are  allocated  to  operating  segment,  other  than  unallocated  right-of-use  assets,  deposits, prepayments and other receivables, bank balances and cash and other corporate assets; and
- -All liabilities are allocated to operating segments, other than unallocated other payables and accruals, lease liabilities and other corporate liabilities.

## 7. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (c) Other segment information

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Gaming and  entertainment  AR/VR and  mobile games  solutions  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts include in the measure of  segment profit or segment assets:  Impairment loss on intangible assets  12,658  -  -  12,658  Amortisation of intangible assets  13,600  587  -  14,187  Depreciation of plant and equipment  109  -  317  426  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  -  -  1,104  1,104  Impairment losses on accounts and other  receivables, net of reversal  5,345  303  -  5,648  Fair value gain on financial assets and  financial liabilities at FVTPL, net  56,657  -  -  56,657  Amounts regularly provided to the CODM  but not included in the measure of  segment profit or loss or segment assets:  Interest income  -  -  11  11  Finance costs  -  -  9,167  9,167  Income tax credit  -  182  -  182   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For the year ended 31 March 2021

| Gaming and  entertainment  AR/VR and  mobile games  solutions  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts include in the measure of  segment profit or segment assets:  Impairment loss on intangible assets  -  6,844  -  6,844  Impairment loss on goodwill  -  14,257  -  14,257  Amortisation of intangible assets  13,600  4,820  -  18,420  Depreciation of plant and equipment  109  -  375  484  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  1,332  -  2,650  3,982  Impairment losses on accounts and other  receivables, net of reversal  (3,523)  840  -  (2,683)  Fair value gain on financial assets and  financial liabilities at FVTPL, net  13,642  -  -  13,642  Amounts regularly provided to the CODM  but not included in the measure of  segment profit or loss or segment assets:  Interest income  -  -  47  47  Finance costs  9  -  5,305  5,314  Income tax credit  -  1,992  -  1,992   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (d) Geographical information

The Group's revenue from external customers by geographical market is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  People's Republic of China ('  PRC  ')  -  227  Hong Kong  200  500  Total  200  727   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's information about its non-current assets by geographical location of the assets is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  666  2,602  Cambodia  37,736  62,771  Total  38,402  65,373   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (e) Information about major customers

Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Company A 1  N/A 2  300  Company B 1  N/A 2  227  Company C 1  N/A 2  200  Company D 1  200  N/A 2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Revenue from AR/VR and mobile games solutions segment

2 The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group

## 8. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

An analysis of the Group's other income and gains is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Bank interest income  11  47  Consultancy fee income  -  4,000  Government subsidy (note a)  -  363  Sundry income  -  258  Gain on derecognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities  -  187  11  4,855   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

- (a) During  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  the  Group  recognised  government  subsidy  of  approximately  HK$363,000  in  respect  of COVID-19-related  subsidy,  which  is  related  to  Employment  Support  Scheme  provided  by  the  Government  of  the  Hong  Kong  Special Administrative Region under the Anti-Epidemic Fund, set up by the Hong Kong SAR Government. The purpose of the funding is to provide financial support to enterprises to retain their employees who would otherwise be made redundant. Under the terms of the grant, the Group is required not to make redundancies during the subsidy period and to spend all the funding on paying wages to the employees. There are no unfulfilled conditions and other contingencies attached to the receipt of subsidy.

## 9. FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on lease liabilities  29  237  Interest on other borrowings  2,800  2,800  Interest on convertible bonds  6,338  2,277  9,167  5,314   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 10. INCOME TAX CREDIT

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong Profits Tax  Over provision in previous years  85  67  Deferred tax (note 29)  97  1,925  Income tax credit  182  1,992   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of Bermuda, British Virgin Islands (' BVI ')  and  Cambodia, the Group is not subject to any income tax in Bermuda, BVI and Cambodia.

On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland  Revenue  (Amendment)  (No.  7)  Bill 2017 (the  ' Bill ')  which  introduces  the  two-tiered  profits  tax  rates  regime.  The  Bill  was  signed  into  law  on  28 March 2018 and was gazette on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2 million  of  profits  of  the  qualifying  corporation  will  be  taxed  at  8.25%,  and  profits  above  HK$2  million  will  be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of other group entities in Hong Kong not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%. The two-tiered profits tax rates regime is applicable to a nominated qualifying entity in the Group for its annual period beginning on or after 1 April 2018.

Reconciliation  between  tax  credit  and  loss  before  taxation  per  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and other comprehensive income at applicable tax rates is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss before taxation  (3,857)  (44,991)  Tax at the rates applicable in the tax jurisdictions concerned  4,596  (3,882)  Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes  4,642  6,941  Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purposes  (9,350)  (5,228)  Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised  39  177  Tax effect of tax losses not recognised  -  67  Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised  (24)  -  Over provision in respect of prior years  (85)  (67)  Income tax credit  (182)  (1,992)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the deferred taxation are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

## 11. LOSS FOR THE YEAR

Loss for the year has been arrived at after charging:

## (a) Staff costs

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Directors' emoluments  1,794  2,779  Salaries, allowances and other benefits  5,322  4,105  Contributions to retirement benefits scheme  (excluding contributions for directors)  88  93  7,204  6,977   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Other items

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Depreciation of plant and equipment  426  484  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  1,104  3,982  Amortisation of intangible assets  14,187  18,420  Auditor's remuneration  700  700  Expenses related to short-term leases  137  470  Written-off of prepayment and other receivables  1,527  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 12. DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS

Directors' remuneration disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Companies Ordinance is as follows:

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Directors'  fees  Salaries,  allowances  and other  benefits  Contributions  to retirement  benefits  scheme  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive Directors  Mr. Ng Man Sun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)  -  600  -  600  Ms. Ng Wai Yee  -  732  18  750  Independent Non-executive Directors  Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina  144  -  -  144  Mr. Li Chi Fai  156  -  -  156  Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia  144  -  -  144  444  1,332  18  1,794   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For the year ended 31 March 2021

| Directors'  fees  Salaries,  allowances  and other  benefits  Contributions  to retirement  benefits  scheme  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive Directors  Mr. Ng Man Sun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)  -  1,585  -  1,585  Ms. Ng Wai Yee  -  732  18  750  Independent Non-executive Directors  Ms. Yeung Pui Han, Regina  144  -  -  144  Mr. Li Chi Fai  156  -  -  156  Ms. Sie Nien Che, Celia  144  -  -  144  444  2,317  18  2,779   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

Salaries,  allowances  and  other  benefits  paid  to  the  executive  directors  are  generally  emoluments  paid  or receivable  in  respect  of  those  persons'  other  services  in  connection  with  the  management  of  the  affairs  of  the Company and its subsidiaries.

Mr. Ng Man Sun is also the chief executive officer of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above include those for services rendered by him as the Chief Executive Officer.

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  no  emoluments  (2021:  nil)  were  paid  by  the  Group  to  any  of  the directors as inducement to join or upon ended 31 March 2022 joining the Group or as a compensation for loss of office. None of the directors waived or agreed to waive any emolument for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 13. INDIVIDUAL WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, two (2021: two) were directors of the Company whose emoluments are disclosed in note 12 above. The emoluments of the remaining three (2021: three) highest paid individuals were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries, allowances and other benefits  3,307  3,050  Contributions to retirement benefits scheme  50  54  3,357  3,104   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments of the three (2021: three) individual with highest emoluments are within the following bands:

| Number of individuals  2022  2021  Nil to HK$1,000,000  1  2  HK$1,000,001 - HK$1,500,000  1  -  HK$1,500,001 - HK$2,000,000  1  1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 14. RETIREMENT BENEFIT COSTS

## Defined contribution retirement scheme

The Group has arranged for its Hong Kong employees to join the MPF Scheme under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident  Fund  Schemes  Ordinance.  The  MPF  Scheme  is  a  defined  contribution  retirement  scheme  managed  by independent trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, each of the Group (the employer) and its employees makes monthly contributions  to  the  scheme  at  5%  of  the  employees'  relevant  income  as  defined  under  the  Mandatory  Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The contributions from each of the employer and employees are subject to a cap of HK$1,500 per month with effective from 1 June 2014.

The  total  cost  charged  to  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  for  the  year ended 31 March 2022 of approximately HK$106,000 (2021: HK$111,000) represents contributions paid and payable to these schemes by the Group for the year at rates specified in the rules of the relevant schemes.

## 15. DIVIDENDS

The directors of the Company do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: nil).

## 16. LOSS PER SHARE

## (a) Basic loss per share

The  calculation  of  basic  loss  per  share  was  based  on  the  loss  for  the  year  attributable  to  owners  of the  Company  of  HK$3,675,000  (2021:  HK$42,999,000)  and  the  weighted  average  number  of 128,247,561  (2021:  128,247,561)  ordinary  shares  in  issue  during  the  years  ended  31  March  2022 and 2021.

## (b) Diluted loss per share

No adjustment has been made to basic loss per share amounts presented for  the  years  ended  31  March 2022 and 2021 in respect of the potential dilution of share options and convertible bonds as the impact of  the  share  options  and  convertible  bonds  had  an  anti-dilutive  effect  on  the  basic  loss  per  share  amounts presented.

## 17. PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  improvements  Furniture  and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At 1 April 2020  339  1,745  1,818  3,902  Disposal  -  (104)  (480)  (584)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  339  1,641  1,338  3,318  Written-off  (339)  -  -  (339)  At 31 March 2022  -  1,641  1,338  2,979  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  At 1 April 2020  197  1,426  703  2,326  Charge for the year  100  116  268  484  Eliminated on disposal  -  (104)  (480)  (584)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  297  1,438  491  2,226  Charge for the year  42  116  268  426  Written-off  (339)  -  -  (339)  At 31 March 2022  -  1,554  759  2,313  NET CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 31 March 2022  -  87  579  666  At 31 March 2021  42  203  847  1,092   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 18. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leased  buildings  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  9,082  Charge for the year  (3,982)  Derecognition on early termination of lease  (3,996)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  1,104  Charge for the year  (1,104)  At 31 March 2022  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Amounts recognised in profit or loss

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Gain on early termination of lease  -  (187)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  1,104  3,982  Interest on lease liabilities  29  237  Expense relating to short-term leases  137  470   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of total cash outflows for leases is set out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

At  31  March  2021,  the  Group  leases  one  property  in  Hong  Kong  for  its  operations.  Lease  contracts  for  the property and the VIP room of a casino were entered into for fixed term of 3 years and no extension options.

On  1  June  2020,  the  Group  and  the  licensor  of  the  VIP  room  entered  into  a  termination  agreement  and  the carrying amount of right-of-use assets of HK$3,996,000 was derecognised.

At 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021, no lease agreement not yet commenced is committed by the Group.

## 19. GOODWILL

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At 1 April and 31 March  41,761  41,761  ACCUMULATED IMPAIRMENT LOSSES  At 1 April  41,761  27,504  Impairment loss recognised in profit or loss  -  14,257  At 31 March  41,761  41,761  NET CARRYING AMOUNT  At 31 March  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill  acquired  in  a  business  combination  is  allocated,  at  acquisition,  to  the  CGU  identified  according  to business  segment  that  is  expected  to  benefit  from  that  business  combination.  On  18  October  2017,  the  Group acquired  100%  issued  share  capital  of  Explicitly  Grand  Investments  Limited  and  its  subsidiaries.  Goodwill  of approximately  HK$41,761,000  (2021:  HK$41,761,000)  was  recognised  upon  completion  of  the  acquisition and had been allocated to the AR/VR and mobile games solutions segment CGU (the  ' AR/VR and mobile games solutions CGU ').

At  31  March  2021,  the  Group  assessed  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  assets,  including  the  goodwill  and non-competition  agreement  presented  under  intangible  assets  (note  20),  allocated  to  the  AR/VR  and  mobile games solutions CGU, for impairment test purpose. The recoverable amount of the assets of the CGU has been determined  based  on  the  value  in  use  calculation  with  reference  to  the  valuation  prepared  by  International Valuation Limited, an independent valuation firm not connected to the Group.

The  value  in  use  calculations  adopted  the  cash  flow  projections  covering  a  5-year  period,  based  on  financial budgets approved by the management with discount rate of 27% per annum (2022: N/A). Cash flows beyond the  5-year  period  are  extrapolated  with  zero  growth  rate  (2022:  N/A).  Other  key  assumptions  for  the  value  in use calculations relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows include estimated revenue and gross margin of 0% (2022: N/A).

The  recoverable  amount  of  the  AR/VR  and  mobile  games  solutions  CGU  is  estimated  at  approximately HK$587,000 at 31 March 2021 (2022: N/A).

During the year ended 31 March 2022, there was no impairment losses on goodwill (2021: HK$14,257,000) and no impairment loss on intangible assets under AR/VR and mobile games solutions (2021: HK$6,844,000) recognised in profit or loss.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 20. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Non-  competition  agreement  License right  of gaming  tables  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note a)  (note b)  COST  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021,  1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022  24,100  68,000  92,100  AMORTISATION AND IMPAIRMENT  At 1 April 2020  11,849  -  11,849  Charge for the year  4,820  13,600  18,420  Impairment  6,844  -  6,844  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  23,513  13,600  37,113  Charge for the year  587  13,600  14,187  Impairment  -  12,658  12,658  At 31 March 2022  24,100  39,858  63,958  NET CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 31 March 2022  -  28,142  28,142  At 31 March 2021  587  54,400  54,987   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The non-competition agreements (the ' NCA ') represent the respective management undertakings among the Group and two key personnel of  the  MostCore  Limited  (the  ' Personnel '),  an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company  (the  ' Agreement ').  Pursuant  to  the Agreement, each of the Personnel undertake to be an employee of the relevant member of MostCore Limited for a minimum of five years since the date of acquisition of Explicitly Grand Investments Limited and its subsidiaries (i.e. 18 October 2017) and that each of them shall not participate whether directly or indirectly, in any business or activities which will or may compete with the business of MostCore Limited during the six-month period upon their respective ceasing to be an employee of the relevant member of MostCore Limited. The breach of such undertaking by either of the Personnel would trigger a penalty of HK$5,000,000 each (i.e. a total of HK$10,000,000) which will be compensated by the breaching party in proportion to the remaining term (rounded up to the nearest month) of the 5-year employment contract to the whole term of such contract. The useful life of the NCA is 5 years since the acquisition date.

At  31  March  2022,  the  NCA  together  with  goodwill  are  allocated  to  the  AR/VR  and  mobile  games  solutions  CGU  for  impairment test  purpose.  There  was  no  impairment  losses  on  intangible  assets  under  AR/VR  and  mobile  games  solutions  (2021:  HK$6,844,000) recognised in profit or loss. Details are set out in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.

## 20. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

Notes:  (Continued)

- (b) On 31 March 2020, Victor Mind Global Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, acquired the license right of gaming tables of a casino in  Cambodia for 5 years from Lion King Entertainment Company Limited (the assigner), a company wholly owned by Mr. Ng, a director of the Company and also the substantial shareholder of the Company by (i) disposal of 60% equity interest of Forenzia Enterprise Limited and its subsidiaries and (ii) issue of promissory note with principal amount of HK$62,000,000 (note 27) to Mr. Ng. The license right of gaming tables was initially recognised at fair value, which was regarded as its cost at acquisition date.

At  31  March  2022,  the  Group  assessed  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  license  right  of  gaming  tables  for  impairment  test  purpose.  The recoverable  amount  of  the  license  right  of  gaming  tables  has  been  determined  with  reference  to  the  valuation  prepared  by  International Valuation  Limited,  an  independent  valuation  firm  not  connected  to  the  Group.  The  recoverable  amount  is  derived  by  using  a  discounted cash flow ('DCF') analysis. The DCF analysis has incorporated assumptions that a typical market participant would use in estimating the fair value of license right of gaming tables.

The key assumptions used in the DCF analysis in current year include:

The Casino will obtain and renew all relevant licenses and permits throughout the validity period of the Gaming Table Business Rights to maintain its gaming activities during the period;

- i. The Casino will continue to rent and occupy its present premises situated at the New Location;
- ii. The Casino will re-open and commence its business activities as expected by the Management;
- iii. Profit tax and withholding tax will not be required during the validity period of the Gaming Table Business Rights;
- iv. There  will  be  no  major  changes  in  the  political,  legal,  economic  or  financial  conditions  in  the  Territories  in  which  the  Casino operates or intends to operate, which would adversely affect the revenues attributable to and the profitability of the Casino;
- v. The Casino will retain and have competent management, key personnel, and technical staff to support its ongoing operation; and
- vi. All  information  and  representations  provided  by  the  Company  and  the  Management,  for  which  they  are  solely  and  wholly responsible for are true, accurate and complete in all material respect.

Weighted-average  cost  of  capital  ('WACC')  was  adopted  in  determining  the  appropriate  discount  rate.  An  asset  specific  risk  premium was  added  onto  the  WACC  to  reflect  the  specific  risk  factor  considered  for  the  Gaming  Table  Business  Rights.  There  was  no  change in  methodology  in  estimating  the  WACC  between  31  March  2021  and  31  March  2022.  The  most  significant  changes  in  the  value  of inputs,  resulting  the  decrease  in  discount  rate  of  the  Gaming  Table  Business  Rights  from  25%  as  of  31  March  2021  to  22%  as  of  31 March 2022, were the decrease in equity risk premium and decrease in unlevered beta. Such changes were due to normal market data fluctuations between the two valuation dates.

The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows of the gaming and entertainment segment CGU during the remaining 3 years (2021: 4 years) is 10% per annum which is based on its expectation in relation to domestic casino mass market development in the Long Bay Town, situated in the Dara Sakor Investment Zone, Cambodia.

There was no significant changes in the value of inputs and key assumptions of valuation adopted when compared with that of last year. There was no subsequent changes to the valuation method adopted.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group recognised an impairment loss of HK$12,658,000 (2021: nil) on the license right of gaming tables.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 21. DEPOSITS PAID

At  31  March  2022,  deposit  of  approximately  HK$9,594,000  (2021:  HK$8,190,000) was paid to a related company, the assignor of the license right  of  gaming  tables  and  also  a  company  wholly  owned  by  Mr.  Ng,  a director  of  the  Company, as refundable security deposit for the re-opening preparation work in regarding to the gaming tables in a new casino located in Dara Sakor Investment Zone, Koh Kong Province, Cambodia.

## 22. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Accounts receivables (note a)  150  679  Other receivables (note b)  34,834  41,605  Rental and other deposits  167  984  35,151  43,268  Prepayments  364  2,241  35,515  45,509   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

## (a) Accounts receivables

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Receivables at amortised cost comprise:  Accounts receivables  1,000  2,067  Less: Loss allowance for accounts receivables  (850)  (1,388)  150  679   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is an aged analysis of accounts receivables, net of loss allowance for accounts receivables, presented based on the billing date, which approximates revenue recognition date, at the end of each reporting period.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 - 90 days  -  679  Over 180 days, but within 1 year  150  -  Over 1 year  -  -  150  679   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group measures the loss allowance for accounts receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. The ECL on accounts receivables are estimated using a provision matrix by reference to past default experience of the debtor and an analysis of the debtor's current financial position, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date.

Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 3 years. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

## 22. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

Notes: (Continued)

## (a) Accounts receivables (Continued)

The following table provides information about the Group's exposure to credit risk and ECLs for accounts receivables:

| At 31 March 2022  At 31 March 2021  Weighted  average  expected  Loss rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Weighted  average  expected  Loss rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Accounts receivables  Current (not past due)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Less than 3 months past due  -  -  -  6.6%  727  48  3 month to 6 months past due  -  -  -  -  -  -  6 months to 12 months past due  25.1%  200  50  -  -  -  Over 12 months past due  100%  800  800  100%  1,340  1,340  1,000  850  2,067  1,388   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement of loss allowance for accounts receivables is set out below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April  1,388  548  Impairment loss recognised in profit or loss  302  840  Written-off  (840)  -  At 31 March  850  1,388   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Other receivables

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other receivables  46,498  47,926  Less: Loss allowance for other receivables  (11,664)  (6,321)  34,834  41,605   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  March  2022, other receivables  mainly  comprised  of  (i)  net  revenue  received  by  the  operators  of  the  VIP  room  in  Genting  Crown Casino and the four gaming tables in at the casino named Century Entertainment, Cambodia on behalf of the Group for previous year of approximately HK$13,899,000 (2021: HK$13,899,000) and (ii) other deposits paid to the assignor of the license right of gaming tables of a new casino in Cambodia of approximately HK$30,000,000 (2021: HK$30,000,000).

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 22. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

Notes: (Continued)

## (b) Other receivables (Continued)

The Group measures the loss allowance for other receivables at an amount equal to 12-month ECL. The Group recognised 12-month ECL for other receivables based on the internal credit rating of receivables as follows:

| Expected  loss rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 March 2022  Performing  25.1%  46,498  11,664  At 31 March 2021  Performing  13.2%  47,926  6,321   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement of loss allowance for other receivables is set out below:

| 12-month  ECL  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  9,844  Reversal of impairment loss recognised in profit or loss during the year  (3,523)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  6,321  Impairment loss recognised in profit or loss during the year  5,346  Written-off  (3)  At 31 March 2022  11,664   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Cash and cash equivalent include the following for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash at bank and in hand  669  419  Short-term bank deposit  3,087  3,076  3,756  3,495   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  March  2022,  the  short-term  bank  deposit  carry  fixed  interest  rate  of  0.3%  to  0.4%  (2021:  0.4%)  per annum.

## 24. OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Accruals and other payables  7,306  7,946  Interest payable (note 25)  5,429  2,629  Advance from an independent third party  102  305  12,837  10,880   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All the accruals and other payables are expected to be settled within one year.

The advance from an independent third party is unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 25. OTHER BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loan from a director (note a)  42,179  25,461  Other loans from independent third parties (note b)  58,000  58,000  100,179  83,461   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) Loan from a director, Mr. Ng, is unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

(b) Other  loans  from  independent  third  parties  with  an  amount  of  HK$30,000,000  (2021:  HK$30,000,000)  was  transferred  from  the convertible  bonds  with  principal  amount  of  HK$30,000,000  (CB1)  on  the  maturity  date  of  23  October  2020.  Such  other  loans  are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

The remaining amount of other loans from independent third parties of HK$28,000,000 (2021: HK$28,000,000) are unsecured, subject to interest at 10% p.a., and repayable on demand.

At  31 March 2022, the accrued interests for other loans from independent third parties are recorded in interest payables (note 24) was approximately HK$5,429,000 (2021: HK$2,629,000).

Movements of the other borrowings are as below:

| Loan from  a director  Other  loans from  independent  third parties  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  56,416  28,000  84,416  Loan from a director  19,045  -  19,045  Transfer from convertible bonds (note 28)  -  30,000  30,000  Settlement by issurance of convertible bonds (note 28)  (50,000)  -  (50,000)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  25,461  58,000  83,461  Loan from a director  16,718  -  16,718  At 31 March 2022  42,179  58,000  100,179   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. LEASE LIABILITIES

The  following  table  shows  the  remaining  contractual  maturities  of  the  Group's  lease  liabilities  at  the  end  of  the current and previous reporting periods:

| Minimum  lease payments  Present value of  minimum lease payments  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  -  1,232  -  1,203  Less: Total future interest expenses  -  (29)  N/A  N/A  Present value of lease obligations  -  1,203  -  1,203  Less:   Amount due for settlement within 12  months (shown under current liabilities)  -  (1,203)  Amount due for settlement after 12 months  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movement of lease liabilities is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April  1,203  9,510  Derecognition on early termination of lease  -  (4,183)  Interest on lease liabilities  29  237  Repayment during the year  (1,232)  (4,361)  At 31 March  -  1,203   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021, no lease agreement not yet commenced is committed by the Group.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at FVTPL  -Profit guarantee  55,882  -  Financial liabilities at FVTPL  -Promissory notes issued on 30 March 2020  -  775   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation of financial assets and financial liabilities are as follow:

| Gross amounts recognised  Profit  guarantee  Promissory  notes  Net amounts  presented  HK'000  HK'000  HK'000  At 1 April 2020  21,818  (36,235)  (14,417)  Fair value gain/(loss) recognised through profit or loss  27,177  (13,535)  13,642  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  48,995  (49,770)  (775)  Fair value gain/(loss) recognised through profit or loss  64,405  (7,748)  56,657  At 31 March 2022  113,400  (57,518)  55,882   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)

On 31 March 2020, the Company issued unsecured promissory note with principal amount of HK$62,000,000 in favour of Mr. Ng for acquisition of the license right of gaming tables of a casino in Cambodia for 5 years from a  related  company,  of  which  the  details  are  provided  in  note  20(b)  to  these  consolidated  financial  statements. The promissory note are interest free and fall due on 29 September 2022. Pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, the promissory note is subject to change in accordance with the profit guarantee as follows:

- (i) The profit guarantee for the first 12 months is HK$28,000,000 (' First Guaranteed Profit '); and
- (ii) The profit guarantee for the second 12 months is HK$32,000,000 (' Second Guaranteed Profit ').

In  the  event  that  the  actual  profit  for  the  first  12  months  (' First  Actual  Profit ')  failed  to  meet  the  First Guaranteed Profit, Mr. Ng will firstly use the promissory note to settle the first compensation amount as follow:

The first compensation amount = (First Guaranteed Profit - First Actual Profit) x 2

In the event that the actual profit for the second 12 months (' Second Actual Profit ') failed to meet the Second Guaranteed Profit, Mr. Ng will firstly use the promissory note and following by cash payment to settle the second compensation amount as follow:

The second compensation amount = (Second Guaranteed Profit - Second Actual Profit) x 2

In  the  event  the  net  profit  after  tax  of  the  relevant  guarantee  period  exceeds  the  guaranteed  profit,  the consideration shall not be adjusted.

Based  on  the  above-mentioned  consideration  adjustment  mechanism,  the  aggregate  maximum  compensation amount would be HK$120 million in case the license right of gaming tables earn zero profit during the 24-month period after the commencement of Assignment Agreement.

The fair value of the profit guarantee and promissory note at the date of issue are approximately HK$21,818,000 and  HK$36,235,000  respectively.  The  profit  guarantee  and  promissory  note  were  treated  as  contingent consideration  receivables  and  contingent  consideration  payable  respectively  and  is  subsequently  measured  at FVTPL  taking  into  account  the  possibility  of  any  fair  value  change  should  the  abovementioned  circumstances trigger the profit adjustment on the principal amount of the promissory note.

During  the  year,  the  Group  measured  the  fair  value  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  and  recognised approximately  HK$56,657,000  (2021:  HK$13,642,000)  fair  value  gain  in  profit  or  loss.  Detail  of  fair  value measurement are set out in note 5(b).

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 28. CONVERTIBLE BONDS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  CB1 - principal amount of HK$30 million (note a)  -  -  CB2 - principal amount of HK$50 million (note b)  46,475  40,137  46,475  40,137  Analysis:  Current liabilities  46,475  -  Non-current liabilities  -  40,137  46,475  40,137   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements of the carrying amounts of the liability component of convertible bonds are as follow:

| CB1  CB2  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note a)  (note b)  At 1 April 2020  27,723  -  27,723  Effective interest on convertible bonds  2,277  -  2,277  Transfer to other borrowings on maturity date (note 25)  (30,000)  -  (30,000)  Issuance of convertible bonds  -  50,000  50,000  Transfer to reserve the equity component  (being the conversion option)  -  (9,863)  (9,863)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  -  40,137  40,137  Effective interest on convertible bonds  -  6,338  6,338  At 31 March 2022  -  46,475  46,475   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)

Notes:

(a) The Company issued CB1 to Ms. Lee and Mr. Wu for settlement part of the PNs concerned.

## CB1

The CB1 was unsecured and non-interest bearing. The holders of the CB1 had the rights to convert the outstanding principal amount into ordinary shares of the Company at a conversion price of HK$0.249 per conversion share (subject to be customary anti-dilutive adjustments) until the maturity date at 23 October 2020. The Company did not entitle to redeem all or part of the principal amount of CB1 before the maturity  date.  In  case  the  Holders  intend  to  sell,  transfer,  assign  or  dispose  of  the  CB1  or  any  part  thereof  to  a  third  party,  the  Holders should first serve a written notice to Mr. Ng, with a copy to the Company offering to sell to Mr. Ng.

For the year ended 31 March 2021, the CB1 with principal amount of HK$30,000,000 was not converted into ordinary shares on the maturity date and the corresponding equity component of approximately HK$14,320,000 was transferred from convertible bonds reserve to capital reserve in according to the accounting policy note 3(o). The CB1 with principal amount of HK$30,000,000 was maturity on 23 October 2020 and was transferred to other loans from independent third parties. Details shown in note 25(b).

- (b) On 31 March 2021, the Company issued the convertible bonds (' CB2 ') with principal amount of HK$50 million to Mr. Ng for settlement part of the other borrowings.

## CB2

The  CB2  is  unsecured  and  non-interest  bearing.  The  holder  of  the  CB2  will  be  able  to  convert  the  outstanding  principal  amount  into ordinary shares of the Company at a conversion price of HK$0.5 per conversion share (subject to be customary anti-dilutive adjustments) until  the  maturity  date  at  30  September 2022. The Company is not entitled to redeem all or part of the principal amount of CB2 before the maturity date.

The CB1 and CB2 are determined to be a compound financial instrument with a conversion option, that will or may be settled by an exchange of a fixed number of ordinary shares of the Company for a fixed amount of cash, being treated as equity. The liability components include host debt component (being the Company's obligation to pay the principal amount of the convertible bonds on respective maturity dates if the convertible bonds are not converted or redeemed).

On  initial  recognition  of  the  CB1  and  CB2,  the  equity  component  of  each  convertible  bond  is  assigned  the  residual  amount  after  deducting from the fair value of the instrument as a whole the amount separately determined for the liability component. Accordingly, on initial recognition, the  Group first  determines the carrying amount of the liability component by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated equity component. The carrying amount of the equity instrument is then determined by deducting the fair value of the financial liability from the fair value of the convertible bonds as a whole.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 28. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)

The Group recognised the values of equity component for the CB1 and CB2 of approximately HK$14,320,000 and  HK$9,863,000  respectively  as  equity  upon  their  initial  recognition  and  presented  in  the  consolidated statement of changes in equity under the heading 'Convertible bonds reserve'.

The  fair  value  of  the  liability  component  of  convertible  bonds  on  initial  recognition  was  calculated  using  a discounted cash flow approach and the key unobservable input of the valuation is set out below:

| CB1  CB2  Discount rate adopted  14.34%  15.79%  At  subsequent  reporting  dates,  the  liability  component  of  convertible  bonds  is  carried  at  amortised  cost  with following effective interest rate.  CB1  CB2  Effective interest rate  14.34%  15.79%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

The following is the Groups' deferred tax liabilities recognised and the movement thereon during the current and prior years:

| Intangible assets  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April  97  2,022  Credit to profit or loss resulting from:  Amortisation of intangible assets  (97)  (796)  Impairment on intangible assets  -  (1,129)  At 31 March  -  97   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (Continued)

At 31 March 2022, the Group has following unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Tax losses  827  972  Deductible temporary differences  1,029  1,097  1,856  2,069   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the unused tax losses due to the unpredictability of future profit  streams.  Included  in  unrecognised  tax  losses  are  estimated  losses  of  approximately  HK$260,000  (2021: HK$405,000) that are subject to the review of Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department and the unused tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

No  deferred  tax  asset  has  been  recognised  in  relation  to  the  deductible  temporary  difference  arising  from  the impairment loss of accounts receivables as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

## 30. SHARE CAPITAL

| Number  of shares  Amount  '000  HK$'000  Authorised:  Ordinary share of HK$0.2 each at 1 April 2020  2,000,000  400,000  Capital Reorganisation (note a)  38,000,000  -  Ordinary share of HK$0.01 each  at 31 March 2021, 1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022  40,000,000  400,000  Issued and fully paid:  Ordinary share of HK$0.2 each  at 1 April 2020  1,282,475  256,495  Consolidation of shares and cancellation of paid-up capital (note a)  (1,154,228)  (255,213)  Ordinary share of HK$0.01 each  at 31 March 2021, 1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022  128,247  1,282   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company's residual assets.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 30. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

Notes:

## (a) Capital reorganisation

Pursuant to the special general meeting of the Company passed on 1 March 2021 and the approval granted by the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the capital reorganisation set out below became effective on 3 March 2021:

- (i) every 10 issued and unissued shares of the Company of par value of HK$0.20 each were consolidated into 1 consolidated share of par value of HK$2.00 each and any fractional consolidated share in the issued share capital was cancelled;
- (ii) the par value of each issued consolidated share were reduced from HK$2.00 to HK$0.01 by cancelling the paid-up capital to the extent of HK$1.99 on each issued consolidated share;
- (iii) every unissued consolidated share of par value of HK$2.00 each in the authorised share capital of the Company were sub-divided into 200 new share of par value of HK$0.01 each; and
- (iv) the credit arising from the capital reduction of approximately HK$255,213,000 were transferred to the contributed surplus account of the Company within the meaning of the Companies Act; and
- (v) the amount standing to the credit of the contribution surplus account be applied to set-off the accumulated losses of the Company in full or be applied in any other manner as may be permitted under the Bye-law and all applicable laws of Bermuda.

## (b) Capital risk management

The Group's primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders by pricing the services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.

The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between the higher shareholders returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group's overall strategy was unchanged from 2021. The Group monitors its capital structure based  on  a  net  debt-to-capital  ratio.  For  this  purpose  the  Group  defines  net  debt  as  total  debt,  which  includes  other  payables,  other borrowings,  lease  liabilities,  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  at  FVTPL  and  convertible  bonds  disclosed  in  note  24  to  note  28 respectively,  net  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents  disclosed  in  note  23,  and  equity  attributable  to  the  owners  of  Group,  comprising  issued share capital, reserves and accumulated losses.

## 30. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

## Notes: (Continued)

## (b) Capital risk management (Continued)

In  order  to  maintain  or  adjust  the  ratio,  the  Group  may  adjust  the  amount  of  dividends  paid  to  shareholders,  issue  new  shares  or  return capital to shareholders, raise new debt financing or sell assets to reduce debt. The net debt-to-capital ratio at 31 March 2022 and 2021 is as follow:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total debts  159,491  136,456  Less: cash and cash equivalents  (3,756)  (3,495)  Net debts  155,735  132,961  Capital deficiency  (26,670)  (22,995)  Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio  (584%)  (578%)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 March 2022, the Group had a capital deficiency of approximately HK$26,670,000 (2021: HK$22,995,000). The directors have considered the solvency of the Group and taken steps to improve the Group's capital base and liquidity as disclosed in note 3(b).

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 31. RESERVES

## (a) Group

The amounts of the Group's reserves and movements therein are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and consolidated statement of changes in equity.

## (b) Nature and purpose of reserves

## (i) Share premium

The application of share premium is governed by Section 40 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981.

## (ii) Special reserve

The special reserve of the Group represents the difference between the nominal amount of the shares of the subsidiaries acquired and the nominal value of the Company's shares issued for the acquisition pursuant to the corporate reorganisation prior to the listing of the Company's shares.

## (iii) Contributed surplus

The contributed surplus of the Company represents the following:

- -the differences between the consolidated shareholders' funds of subsidiaries at the date on which they  were  acquired  by  the  Company  and  the  nominal  amount  of  the  shares  of  the  Company issued under the corporate reorganisation; and
- -the  credit  of  approximately  HK$255,213,000  arising  from  the  capital  reduction  on  3  March 2021 transferred from the Company's share capital account.

Under The Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the contributed surplus of the Company is available for distribution to shareholders or for set-off the accumulated losses of the Company in full.

## 31. RESERVES (Continued)

## (b) Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)

## (iv) Capital reserve

The capital reserve comprises the following:

- -the fair value of the unexercised share options granted to employees and service provider of the Company recognised in accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 3(s); and
- -the  amount  transfer  from  convertible  bonds  reserve  in  regarding  to  the  equity  component  of unexercised convertible bonds at the expiry date recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for convertible bonds in note 3(o).

## (v) Convertible bonds reserve

The convertible bonds reserve comprises the amount allocated to equity component of the convertible bonds  on  issue  date  recognised  in  accordance  with  the  accounting  policy  adopted  for  convertible bonds in note 3(o).

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 32. SHARE OPTION SCHEME

## 2012 Scheme

The  Company's  new  share  option  scheme  (the  ' 2012  Scheme '),  which  was  adopted  pursuant  to  an ordinary  resolution  passed  by  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  on  12  September  2012  for  the  purpose  of providing  incentives  to  certain  eligible  participants  and  unless  otherwise  cancelled  or  amended,  will  expire  on 11  September  2022.  Under  the  2012  Scheme,  the  Directors  may  grant  share  options  to  eligible  employees, including Executive Directors, or any persons or entities who have contributed or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group, to subscribe for shares in the Company.

Under the 2012 Scheme, the Directors may grant options to the following eligible participants:

- (i) any  employee,  executives  or  officers  or  proposed  employees,  executives  or  officers  (whether  full  time  or part  time  and  including  any  Executive  Director)  of  the  Company,  and  of  its  subsidiaries  or  any  entity  (the ' Invested  Entity ')  in  which  the  Group  holds  any  equity  interests  and  any  of  such  subsidiaries  or  any Invested Entity;
- (ii) any non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) of the Company and any of its subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;
- (iii) any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (iv) any customer of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (v) any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued by any member of the Group or any Invested Entity; and
- (vi) any  person  or  entity  who  from  time  to  time  determined  by  the  board  of  directors  as  having  contributed or  may  contribute  to  the  development  and  growth  of  the  Group  based  on  his  or  its  performance  and/or years of service, or is  regarded as valuable resources of the Group based on his/its working experience, knowledge in the industry and other relevant factors.

The  total  numbers  of  shares  which  may  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all  options  to  be  granted  under  the  2012 Scheme of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the shares in issue at the date of approval of the 2012 Scheme. The total number of shares available for issue under the 2012 Scheme is 415,265,572 shares (2,577,345 shares after (a) share consolidation on 27 March 2013, (b) open offer on 16 May 2016 and (c) share  consolidation  on  3  March  2021),  representing  approximately  10%  of  the  shares  in  issue  at  the  date  of approval of the 2012 Scheme on 12 September 2012.

The  number  and  exercise  prices  of  the  shares  options  are  adjusted  as  a  result  of  the  completion  of  (a)  share consolidation  of  every  20  issued  and  unissued  shares  consolidated  into  1  consolidated  share  on  27  March 2013; (b) open offer on 16 May 2016 in the proportion of one offer share for every two existing shares held; and (c) share consolidation of every 10 issued and unissued shares consolidated into 1 consolidated share on 3 March 2021.

## 32. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

## 2012 Scheme (Continued)

The exercise prices shown as below represent the adjusted exercise prices at 31 March 2022 and 2021.

| 2022  2021  Number  of options  Weighted  average  exercise  price  Number of  options  Weighted  average  exercise  price  HK$  HK$  At 1 April  6,618,221  4.556  66,182,215  0.456  Granted during the year  -  -  -  -  Lapsed during the year  (2,401,671)  4.290  -  -  Adjusted upon completion of share consolidation and  capital reduction  -  -  (59,563,994)  -  At 31 March  4,216,550  4.707  6,618,221  4.556  Exercisable at 31 March  4,216,550  4.707  6,618,221  4.556   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the annual general meeting held on 9 August 2016, shareholders have approved to refresh the share option scheme  mandate  limit  that  the  total  number  of  shares  which  may  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all  options  to  be granted  under  the  2012  Scheme  must  not  exceed  10%  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  in  issue  on  the  date  of that  annual  general  meeting.  A  total  of  51,319,917  options  to  subscribe  for  a  total  of  51,319,917  shares, representing 10% of the total number of shares in issue at the annual general meeting on 9 August 2016, were approved to be granted.

The  maximum  number  of  shares  in  respect  of  which  options  may  be  granted  under  the  2012  Scheme  must  not in  aggregate  exceed  30%  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  in  issue  from  time  to  time.  The  number  of  shares  in respect  of  which  options  may  be  granted  to  any  participant  is  not  permitted  to  exceed  1%  of  the  shares  of  the Company in issue during the 12-month period before the date of grant without prior approval from the Company's shareholders.  Any  grant  of  options  under  the  2012  Scheme  to  a  Director,  chief  executive  or  substantial shareholder  of  the  Company  or  any  of  their  respective  associates  (as  defined  under  the  Listing  Rules)  must  be approved  by  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  of  the  Company.  In  addition,  any  grant  of  options  to  a substantial  shareholder  or  an  independent  non-executive  Director  or  any  of  their  respective  associates  in  excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue and with an aggregate value (based on the closing price of the Company's shares at the date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million within any 12-month period must be approved by shareholders of the Company in general meeting.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 32. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

## 2012 Scheme (Continued)

Unless otherwise determined by the Directors of the Company and stated in the offer of the grant of options to a grantee, there is no minimum period required under the 2012 Scheme for holding of an option before it can be exercised.

An offer for the grant of options to a grantee shall be accepted by no later than 28 days from the date of offer. HK$1 per grant of options is payable on the acceptance of the grant of options. Options may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the 2012 Scheme and expiring in accordance with the terms of the 2012 Scheme or upon the expiry of the tenth anniversary of the 2012 Scheme, whichever is the earlier.

The  exercise  price  is  determined  by  the  Directors  of  the  Company,  and  shall  not  be  less  than  the  highest  of  (i) the closing price of the Company's shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets of the Stock Exchange on the date of the offer of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Company's shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of the offer of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company's share.

The 2012 Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on 12 September 2012.

## 32. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

## 2012 Scheme (Continued)

## (a) Movements of the number of share options

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Number of share option  Name of category  Type  Outstanding at  1/4/2021  Granted  Lapsed  Outstanding at  31/3/2022  Date of grant  Exercised period  Exercise price  (notes 2 and 3)  HK$  Directors  Ng Man Sun  2013 (note 1)  24,826  -  -  24,826  5 February 2013  5 February 2013-4 February 2023  12.41  2014  24,826  -  -  24,826  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  24,826  -  -  24,826  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2017  610,000  -  -  610,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  61,000  -  -  61,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  Ng Wai Yee  2013 (note 1)  24,826  -  -  24,826  5 February 2013  5 February 2013-4 February 2023  12.41  2014  24,826  -  -  24,826  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  24,826  -  -  24,826  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2016  24,826  -  -  24,826  25 April 2016  25 April 2016-24 April 2026  3.70  2017  610,000  -  -  610,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  61,000  -  -  61,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  Yeung Pui Han, Regina  2013 (note 1)  24,826  -  -  24,826  5 February 2013  5 February 2013-4 February 2023  12.41  2014  24,826  -  -  24,826  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  24,826  -  -  24,826  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2016  24,826  -  -  24,826  25 April 2016  25 April 2016-24 April 2026  3.70  2017  61,000  -  -  61,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  61,000  -  -  61,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  Li Chi Fai  2014  24,826  -  -  24,826  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  24,826  -  -  24,826  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2016  24,826  -  -  24,826  25 April 2016  25 April 2016-24 April 2026  3.70  2017  61,000  -  -  61,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  61,000  -  -  61,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  Sie Nien Che, Celia  2014  24,826  -  -  24,826  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2016  24,826  -  -  24,826  25 April 2016  25 April 2016-24 April 2026  3.70  2017  61,000  -  -  61,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  61,000  -  -  61,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  2,105,216  -  -  2,105,216  Eligible employees  2013 (note 1)  155,162  -  (124,130)  31,032  5 February 2013  5 February 2013-4 February 2023  12.41  2014  235,847  -  (186,195)  49,652  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  260,673  -  (260,673)  -  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2016  160,673  -  (160,673)  -  25 April 2016  25 April 2016-24 April 2026  3.70  2017  620,000  -  (620,000)  -  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  1,050,000  -  (1,050,000)  -  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  2,482,355  -  (2,401,671)  80,684  Service providers  2013 (note 1)  248,260  -  -  248,260  5 February 2013  5 February 2013-4 February 2023  12.41  2014  248,260  -  -  248,260  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  124,130  -  -  124,130  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2017  610,000  -  -  610,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  800,000  -  -  800,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  2,030,650  -  -  2,030,650  Total  6,618,221  -  (2,401,671)  4,216,550  Weighted average  exercise price  4.556  4.707   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 32. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

## 2012 Scheme (Continued)

## (a) Movements of the number of share options  (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2021

| Number of share option  Name of category  Type  Outstanding at  1/4/2020  Granted  Lapsed  Adjustment for  share option  pursuant  to share  consolidation  Outstanding at  31/3/2021  Date of grant  Exercised period  Exercise price  (notes 2 and 3)  HK$  Directors  Ng Man Sun  2013 (note 1)  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  5 February 2013  5 February 2013-4 February 2023  12.41  2014  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2017  6,100,000  -  -  (5,490,000)  610,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  610,000  -  -  (549,000)  61,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  Ng Wai Yee  2013 (note 1)  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  5 February 2013  5 February 2013-4 February 2023  12.41  2014  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2016  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  25 April 2016  25 April 2016-24 April 2026  3.70  2017  6,100,000  -  -  (5,490,000)  610,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  610,000  -  -  (549,000)  61,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  Yeung Pui Han, Regina  2013 (note 1)  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  5 February 2013  5 February 2013-4 February 2023  12.41  2014  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2016  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  25 April 2016  25 April 2016-24 April 2026  3.70  2017  610,000  -  -  (549,000)  61,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  610,000  -  -  (549,000)  61,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  Li Chi Fai  2014  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2016  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  25 April 2016  25 April 2016-24 April 2026  3.70  2017  610,000  -  -  (549,000)  61,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  610,000  -  -  (549,000)  61,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  Sie Nien Che, Celia  2014  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2016  248,260  -  -  (223,434)  24,826  25 April 2016  25 April 2016-24 April 2026  3.70  2017  610,000  -  -  (549,000)  61,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  610,000  -  -  (549,000)  61,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  21,052,160  -  -  (18,946,944)  2,105,216  Eligible employees  2013 (note 1)  1,551,625  -  -  (1,396,463)  155,162  5 February 2013  5 February 2013-4 February 2023  12.41  2014  2,358,470  -  -  (2,122,623)  235,847  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  2,606,730  -  -  (2,346,057)  260,673  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2016  1,606,730  -  -  (1,446,057)  160,673  25 April 2016  25 April 2016-24 April 2026  3.70  2017  6,200,000  -  -  (5,580,000)  620,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  10,500,000  -  -  (9,450,000)  1,050,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  24,823,555  -  -  (22,341,200)  2,482,355  Service providers  2013 (note 1)  2,482,600  -  -  (2,234,340)  248,260  5 February 2013  5 February 2013-4 February 2023  12.41  2014  2,482,600  -  -  (2,234,340)  248,260  3 March 2014  3 March 2014-2 March 2024  13.45  2015  1,241,300  -  -  (1,117,170)  124,130  10 March 2015  10 March 2015-9 March 2025  7.01  2017  6,100,000  -  -  (5,490,000)  610,000  1 December 2017  1 December 2017-30 November 2027  2.80  2018  8,000,000  -  -  (7,200,000)  800,000  17 December 2018  17 December 2018-16 December 2028  2.00  20,306,500  -  -  (18,275,850)  2,030,650  Total  66,182,215  -  -  (59,563,994)  6,618,221  Weighted average  exercise price  0.456  4.556   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

## 2012 Scheme (Continued)

## (a) Movements of the number of share options  (Continued)

Notes:

- (1) The exercise price of the share options granted on 5 February 2013 has been changed from HK$0.077 to HK$1.54 as a result of  the  share  consolidation  passed  by  the  shareholders  at  a  special  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  27  March  2013, whereby every 20 shares of the Company of HK$0.01 each were consolidated into 1 new share of the Company of HK$0.20 each.
- (2) The exercise price per share option was adjusted upon the completion of the open offer on 16 May 2016 in the proportion of one offer share for every two existing shares held.
- (3) The exercise price per share option was further adjusted upon completion of the capital reorganisation passed by the shareholders at  a  special  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  1  March  2021,  of  which  details  are  disclosed  in  note  30(b)  to  the consolidated financial statements.

The options outstanding at 31 March 2022 had an exercise price ranging from HK$2.00 to HK$13.45 (2021: HK$2.00 to HK$13.45) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 3.7 years (2021: 4.8 years).

## (b) Fair value of share options and assumptions

## (i) Grant to eligible employees

The  fair  value  of  services  received  in  return  for  share  options  granted  is  measured  by  reference  to the  fair  value  of  share  options  granted.  The  estimate  of  the  fair  value  of  the  share  options  granted  is measured based on the Binominal Option Pricing Model. The contractual life  of  the  share  options  is used  as  an  input  into  this  model.  Expectations  of  early  exercise  are  incorporated  into  the  Binominal Option Pricing Model.

| 17 December  2018  1 December  2017  25 April  2016  10 March  2015  3 March  2014  5 February  2013  Fair value at measurement date  HK$0.047  HK$0.042 -  HK$0.077  HK$0.246-  HK$0.269  HK$0.480-  HK$0.526  HK$1.479  HK$0.072  Share price  HK$0.161  HK$0.280  HK$0.430  HK$0.840  HK$1.670  HK$0.077  Exercise price  HK$0.200  HK$0.280  HK$0.459  HK$0.870  HK$1.670  HK$0.077  Expected validity (expressed as  weighted average volatility  used in modeling under the  Binominal Option Price Model)  65.20%  73.86%  74.14%  73.28%  100.31%  126.44%  Optional life (expressed as  weighted average life used in the  modeling under the Binominal  Option Price Model)  10 years  10 years  10 years  10 years  10 years  10 years  Expected dividends  0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  Risk-free interest rate (based on  exchange fund notes)  2.103%  1.847%  1.823%  1.685%  2.135%  1.245%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 32. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

## 2012 Scheme (Continued)

## (b) Fair value of share options and assumptions  (Continued)

## (i) Grant to eligible employees  (Continued)

The  expected  volatility  is  based  on  the  historic  volatility  (calculated  based  on  the  weighted  average remaining  life  of  the  share  options),  adjusted  for  any  expected  changes  to  future  volatility  based  on publicly available information. Expected dividends are based on historical dividends. Changes in the subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.

Share options were granted under a service condition. This condition has not been taken into account of fair value measurement of the services received on the grant date. There was no market conditions associated with the share option granted.

## (ii) Grant to service providers

The fair value for share options granted on 3 March 2014 and 5 February 2013 is measured using the  market-based  approach,  by  reference  to  the  discounted  cash  flows  to  estimate  the  fair  value  of the  professional  fees  that  should  have  been  paid.  The  fair  value  for  share  options  granted  on  17 December 2018, 1 December 2017 and 10 March 2015 is measured base on the Binominal Option Pricing Model as described as above.

No equity-settled share-based payments charged to the profit or loss for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

At the end of the reporting period, the Company has 4,216,550 (2021: 6,618,221) share options outstanding. The exercise  in  full  of  the  outstanding  share  options  would,  under  the  present  capital  structure  of  the  Company, result in issue of 4,216,550 (2021: 6,618,221) additional ordinary shares of the Company of HK$0.01 (2021: HK$0.01) each and additional share capital of approximately HK$42,000 (2021: HK$66,000).

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 33. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

## Major non-cash transactions

The Group had following major non-cash transactions during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021:

- (a) During the year ended 31 March 2021, pursuant to the termination agreement entered into with the licensor of  VIP  room  of  a  casino,  the  carrying  amounts  of  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  of  approximately HK$3,996,000 (note 18) and HK$4,183,000 (note 26) were derecognised respectively.
- (b) Other  receivable  from  an  operator  of  a  casino  in  Cambodia  of  approximately  HK$1,404,000  (2021: HK$8,190,000)  (note  21)  was  directly  settled  with  a  related  company,  the  assignor  of  license  right  of gaming tables and such amount was held as security deposit for re-opening preparation work of the gaming tables business at the end of the reporting period.
- (c) During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Holders of CB1 with total principal amount of HK$30,000,000 did  not  exercise  the  rights  to  convert  into  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company  at  the  maturity  date  of  23 October 2020 (note 28). The directors of the Company and the Holders of CB1 agreed to extend the time for payment of the principal amount and transferred the outstanding principal amount to other borrowings as other loans from independent third parties (note 25).

## 34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## (a) Compensation of key management personnel

Remuneration  of  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group,  including  amounts  paid  to  the  Company's directors  as  disclosed  in  note  12  and  certain  of  the  highest  paid  employee  as  disclosed  in  note  13  is  as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries and other emoluments  3,526  4,345  Contributions to retirement benefits scheme  33  36  3,559  4,381   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

## (b) Transactions and year end balances with related parties

In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following transactions and year end balances with related parties:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year end balances with related parties  Other receivables from a related company (note i and ii)  37,237  37,237  Less: Loss allowance for other receivables  from a related company  9,340  4,911  27,897  32,326   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) The  related  company  is  wholly-owned  by  a  director  of  the  Company,  Mr.  Ng,  who  is  also  the  substantial  shareholder  of  the Company.

(ii) Other receivables from a related company are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

## 35. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Details of the Company's subsidiaries at 31 March 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Name of subsidiaries  Place of  incorporation/  operation  Particular of  issued and fully  paid share capital  Percentage of  equity interest and  voting power attributable  to the Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  Direct  Digital Zone Global Limited  BVI/BVI  1 Ordinary share  100%  100%  Conduct mobile game  apps business  Victor Mind Global Limited  BVI/Cambodia  1 Ordinary share  100%  100%  Gaming table business  Indirect  Explicitly Grand Investments Limited  BVI/Hong Kong  50,000 Ordinary shares  100%  100%  Investment holdings  MostCore Limited  Hong Kong/Hong Kong  10,000 Ordinary shares  100%  100%  Provision of AR/VR and  mobile games solutions   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 36. THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Plant and equipment  593  910  Right-of-use assets  -  1,104  Investments in subsidiaries  (a)  1  1  594  2,015  Current assets  Other receivables  531  1,749  Amounts due from subsidiaries  (b)  72,348  95,670  Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss  55,882  -  Cash and cash equivalents  3,756  3,492  132,517  100,911  Current liabilities  Other payables  12,329  10,184  Other borrowings  100,179  83,461  Lease liabilities  -  1,203  Convertible bonds  46,475  -  158,983  94,848  Net current (liabilities)/assets  (26,466)  6,063  Total assets less current liabilities  (25,872)  8,078  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  -  -  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss  -  775  Convertible bonds  -  40,137  -  40,912  NET LIABILITIES  (25,872)  (32,834)  Capital and reserves  Share capital  1,282  1,282  Reserves  (c)  (27,154)  (34,116)  TOTAL DEFICIT  (25,872)  (32,834)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 36. THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

Notes:

## (a) Investments in subsidiaries

At 31 March 2022, investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost of HK$1,000 (2021: HK$1,000) and no accumulated impairment loss was recognised in profit or loss (2021: nil).

## (b) Amounts due from subsidiaries

The  amounts  due  from  subsidiaries  are  unsecured,  interest  free  and  repayable  on  demand.  The  directors  of  the  Company  do  not  expect repayments from subsidiaries within next twelve months from the end of the reporting period.

The amounts due to a subsidiary is unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

## (c) Movements in reserves of the Company

| Share  premium  Contributed  surplus  Capital  reserve  Convertible  bonds  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note 31(b)(i))  (note 31(b)(iii))  (note 31(b)(iv))  (note 31(b)(v))  At 1 April 2020  571,880  2,285,052  23,637  14,320  (3,185,244)  (290,355)  Loss and total comprehensive  expense for the year  -  -  -  -  (8,837)  (8,837)  Capital reorganisation (note 30(a))  -  255,213  -  -  -  255,213  Transfer to capital reserve for  unexercised convertible bonds at  expiry date (note 28)  -  -  14,320  (14,320)  -  -  Issue of convertible bonds (note 28)  -  -  -  9,863  -  9,863  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  571,880  2,540,265  37,957  9,863  (3,194,081)  (34,116)  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  -  6,962  6,962  Effect of share options forfeitures  -  -  (5,927)  -  5,927  -  At 31 March 2022  571,880  2,540,265  32,030  9,863  (3,181,192)  (27,154)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 37. EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD

## (a) Impact of COVID-19 outbreak

Impact  of  the  novel  COVID-19  continues  to  cause  disruptions  to  the  Group's  businesses  and  economic activities  and  the  management  of  the  Group  has  closely  monitored  its  impact  on  the  operations.  Given the  ongoing  nature  of  these  circumstances,  the  related  impact  on  the  consolidated  results  of  operations, cash flows and financial conditions of the Group could not be reasonably estimated at this stage and will be  reflected  in  their  interim  financial  information  for  the  six  months  ending  30  September  2022  and  the consolidated financial statements for the year ending 31 March 2023.

## (b) Debt Assignment Arrangements

On 28 June 2022, the Group entered into the Debt Assignment Agreements of other receivables for the sum approximately  of  HK$37,237,000 with Mr. Ng, the director of the  Company who is also the substantial shareholder of the Company for the consideration approximately of HK37,237,000.

## 38. COMPARATIVE FIGURE

Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to confirm the presentation of the current year for the purpose of better representation of the Group's activities:

For the year 31 March 2021, amounts of approximately HK$31,159,000, HK$8,824,000 and HK$8,684,000 which  had  previously  been  recorded  as  'Profit  guarantee  compensation',  'Fair  value  loss  on  promissory  note' and 'Finance costs' respectively, were reclassified as 'Fair value gain on financial assets and financial liabilities at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss,  net'  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive income.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## RESULTS

| Year ended 31 March  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  REVENUE  200  727  45,922  71,218  62,206  SHARE OF PROFIT OF ASSOCIATES  -  -  -  -  -  LOSS FOR THE YEAR  (3,675)  (42,999)  (38,108)  (418,275)  (50,734)  ATTRIBUTABLE TO  - Owners of the Company  (3,675)  (42,999)  (39,129)  (418,039)  (52,772)  - Non-controlling interests  -  -  1,111  (236)  2,038  LOSS PER SHARE (in HK Cents)  - Basic  (2.87)  (33.53)  (30.97)  (46.16)  (7.48)  - Diluted  (2.87)  (33.53)  (30.97)  (46.16)  (7.48)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

| At 31 March  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  38,402  65,373  106,414  157,411  537,183  CURRENT ASSETS  95,153  49,004  50,610  43,866  54,607  TOTAL ASSETS  133,555  114,377  157,024  201,277  591,790  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  -  41,009  17,652  53,692  16,465  CURRENT LIABILITIES  160,225  96,363  129,231  60,252  216,160  TOTAL LIABILITIES  160,225  137,372  146,883  113,944  232,625  NET (LIABILITIES)/ASSETS  (26,670)  (22,995)  10,141  87,333  359,165  EQUITY HOLDERS' FUND  (26,670)  (22,995)  10,141  34,360  305,956  NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS  -  －  -  52,973  53,209  TOTAL (DEFICIT)/EQUITY  (26,670)  (22,995)  10,141  87,333  359,165   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|