<!-- image -->

## R.I.S.E. Up To The New Normal

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CONTENTS

- 01 Corporate Profile
- 02 Managing Director &amp; CEO's Message
- 07 Global Reach
- 08 Financial Highlights
- 10 Corporate Milestones
- 12 Corporate Structure
- 14 Board of Directors
- 17 Executive Officers
- 23 Corporate Information
- 24 Corporate Social Responsibility
- 25 Corporate Governance Statement
- 47 Directors' Statement
- 50 Independent Auditors' Report
- 56 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
- 57 Statements of Financial Position
- 18 Operation Business Units
- 59 Statements of Changes in Equity

## OUR SHARED VALUES

## Profit-Mindedness

Recognizing and maximizing the effective use of resources as a whole

## Integrity

Possessing strong moral values and principles, honest and upright to differentiate between right and wrong and being responsible and consistent

## Management Excellence

Art in achieving all stakeholders' needs from outside-in to inside-out to achieve a competitive advantage

## Respect

Positive feeling of esteem or deference for a person or other business unit

- 64 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
- 66 Notes to the Financial Statements
- 143 Statistics of Shareholdings
- 145 Notice of Annual General Meeting Proxy Form

## Teamwork

To work with utmost cooperation to overcome and complete tasks promptly

## Commitment

Responsibility of individual / business unit to put in extra efforts in completion / achievement of tasks

## OUR VISION

To be a leading global integrated service provider with turnkey capabilities in supporting the development of manufacturing and service operation facilities.

## OUR MISSION

To develop the capability and synergize the performance of our business units in achieving the corporate vision.

Cover picture depicts our three business segments rising in confidence from our r esilience through the pandemic that has given us the i nspiration to think out of the box to s implify and e xecute complex and challenging tasks in the new normal.

## CORPORATE PROFILE

The Company was incorporated on 2 November 1999. It listed on SESDAQ on 8 August 2000 and was transferred from the SGX Catalist to Mainboard on 26 February 2013.

The Company changed its name from China Entertainment Sports  Ltd  to  Chasen  Holdings  Limited  (' Chasen ')  on  17 May 2007 following the completion of the reverse takeover exercise in February 2007 whereby the Company acquired the  entire  issued  and  paid  up  capital  of  Chasen  Logistics Services  Limited. As  a  result  of  the  reverse  takeover,  the Company  acquired  a  new  core  business in specialist relocation  solutions  for  the  manufacturing  industries  that utilize sophisticated machineries and equipment.

Chasen  is  an  investment  holding  company.  Its  Group businesses  now  extend  further  up  the  supply  chain  to include  third  party  logistics,  technical  and  engineering services  in  Singapore,  Malaysia,  Thailand,  Vietnam,  the People's Republic of China, and USA. The Group's diversified revenue sources cover industries such as wafer fabrication, TFT display panel production, semi-conductor, chip testing and assembly, solar panel assembly, consumer electronics, telecommunications,  marine,  ordnance  and  construction sectors in the following business segments:

Specialist Relocation providing specialist manpower equipped with specialized material handling tools, equipment and vehicles to relocate the machinery and equipment of our customers within their premises, from one location to another location within a country, or from one country to another. The Chasen Group acts as a strategic partner to its customers in the management of their global relocation needs  through  projects  or  maintenance  contracts.  The Group is equipped to handle very sensitive machinery and equipment in cleanroom and 'raised floor' environment.

Third  Party  Logistics  including  packing,  packaging, trucking, distribution, freight forwarding, non-bonded and bonded  warehousing  (with  in-house  Customs  clearance), cargo management and last mile services.  We pack machinery and equipment to Original Equipment Manufacturer (' OEM ') specifications utilizing specialized packaging material before they are transported to their new locations. Our  seamless  cross-border  trucking  services  are  capable of  delivering  goods  from  Singapore  through  Peninsular Malaysia  into  Thailand,  Myanmar  and  across  Indo-China, Vietnam and into the People's Republic of China. Recently, Europe was added to this cross-border route. A multi-modal freight  service  using  road  and  rail  for  the  ASEAN-PRC sector has been added to our service portfolio. Most of our warehouses  are  air-conditioned  and  humidity-controlled, with  floor  load  built  for  heavy  equipment/machinery  or racked for palletized goods storage.

Technical &amp; Engineering covering design, fabrication and installation of steel structures, mechanical and electrical installations including hook-up for production facilities, parts refurbishment,  engineering  and  spares  support,  facilities management  and  maintenance,  contract  manufacturing, process engineering services, 4G &amp; 5G telecommunications, ordnance,  solar  panel  installation,  scaffolding  equipment and services and construction activities.

The  Group's  diversified  revenue  base  and  longstanding customer  relationship  provide  a  strong  fundamental  that would  enable  the  Group  to  weather  business  cycles  in specific  industry.  Its  business  model  and  growth  strategy have positioned the Group to benefit from growth opportunities in the region and to increase the proportion of recurring income in Group revenue.

<!-- image -->

## MANAGING DIRECTOR &amp; CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S MESSAGE

## Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present the annual report for the financial year  ended  31  March  2022  (' FY2022 '). Despite  the challenging conditions of a second year of the COVID-19 pandemic,  Chasen's  profit  before  tax  outpaced  revenue growth in a year when we recorded our highest-ever topline.

Chasen has adapted rapidly and successfully to the constraints  of  health  and  safety  procedures,  supply  chain disruptions and border restrictions, emerging  stronger than  before.  Indeed,  the  financial  performance  has  been propelled by fresh projects secured by all our three main business  segments.  That  said,  the  Group  is  not  resting on  its  laurels  as  fresh  geopolitical  and  global  economic uncertainties  lurk  on  the  horizon.  Undeniably,  we  expect fresh challenges ahead.

## Financial Performance

FY2022 revenue increased  26%  to  S$165.2  million  -  an all-time  high  -  from  S$130.7  million  in  the  financial year ended 31 March 2021 (' FY2021 '), lifted by higher revenue contributions in the Group's three business segments.

The  Specialist  Relocation  segment  continues  to  lead  as the Group's main revenue and gross profit generator, even as we foresaw a slowdown in the TFT LCD sector in the People's  Republic  of  China  (' PRC ').  The  segment  secured new  orders  even  as  projects  delayed  previously  by  the pandemic resumed, while we continue to diversify to the semiconductor and automotive sectors. Overall, revenue for this segment increased 7.0% to S$65.0 million from S$60.8 million a year ago, while gross profit grew 21.0% to S$16.4 million in FY2022 compared to S$13.6 million in FY2021, also outpacing the revenue growth rate.

<!-- image -->

The Group's Technical &amp; Engineering (' T&amp;E ') segment continues to grow its order book  for  rooftop  solar  panel installation projects in Singapore. The relaxation of travel and movement restrictions allowed Chasen to accelerate project execution.  Hitherto,  Chasen  has secured projects to install solar panels for 180 public housing blocks and  11  commercial  buildings.  Amid rising  energy  costs  and  the  Singapore Government's  commitment  to  increasing the adoption of renewable energy, we expect this  division  to  be  kept  busy  going  forward. Revenue  contribution  from  the  T&amp;E  segment amounted to S$35.0 million, a 35% increase from a year ago. Gross profit remained relatively stable at S$3.7 million from S$3.6 million a year ago.

Meanwhile,  Third  Party  Logistics  (' 3PL ')  segment  delivered  to expectations,  with  revenue  and  gross  profit  growing  48%  or S$65.1 million and 27% or S$9.0 million respectively compared to  S$43.9  million  and  S$7.1  million  correspondingly,  in FY2021.  The  CAPEX  and  investment  into  this  segment, coupled with excellent execution, contributed to the commendable growth.

The  3PL  segment  continues  to  capitalize  upon  on-going disruptions to air and sea freight to capture market share and  increase  our  warehousing  and  cross-border  land transportation capacities to meet the rising demand. Even as  the  pandemic-related  health  restrictions  ease,  supply chain  disruptions  continue  to  persist,  offering  continued opportunities  for  our  3PL  division.    More  than  ever  the

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

increased 24% to S$4.3 million from S$3.4 million in FY2021.

Cash and cash equivalents increased to  S$16.0  million  as  at  31  March 2022 from S$13.9 million as at 31 March 2021. Our improved balance sheet  will  provide  adaptability  and resilience amid the difficult operating environment.  The  Group's  property, plant and equipment  also saw an increase  of  S$10.2  million,  following revaluation gains in accordance  with Singapore  Financial  Reporting  Standards, as well as capital expenditure incurred and recognition of right-of-use assets during the year.

## Looking Ahead

Chasen has pivoted decisively from the initial challenges of  the  pandemic,  which  were  first  felt  in  the  financial  year ended 31 March 2020 (' FY2020 '). We will build upon the lessons learned  and  the  new  processes  implemented  to  face  the  fresh headwinds.  The  world  is  transitioning  out  from  a  low  interest rate and stimulative monetary policy environment. Amid global political  and  economic  uncertainty,  operating  and  financing costs  are  set  to  rise  as  Central  Banks  around  the  globe commenced interest rate hikes to tame high inflation. This has been brought about by a confluence of factors related to supply and demand shock, massive monetary stimulus, high  energy  and  commodity  cost  due  to  geopolitical conflicts.

Despite  the  easing of travel restrictions,  the  Group is  seeing  a  shortage  of  manpower,  which  will  add  to operating costs. The PRC's 'dynamic zero' Covid policy has also further compounded earlier disruptions due to border restrictions,  leading  to  delays  in  our  Specialist  Relocation project timelines and 3PL cross-border operations as well as manufacturing operations in the PRC for T&amp;E. This is set to continue until the PRC re-aligns with the rest of the world.

<!-- image -->

'Cheaper than Air, Faster than Sea' slogan continues to drive the business.

The Group recorded a profit before tax of S$6.5 million for FY2022, with the 40% year-on-year growth rate outpacing revenue  growth  of  26%.  Net  profit  after  tax  for  FY2022

However, the Group is well-positioned to continue growing, and remains committed to sharpening our competitive edge to become more agile, resilient and opportunistic.  Having overcome the pandemic-infused challenges, our resilience has provided our workforce with the inspiration to simplify and execute the many complex and challenging tasks we have encountered. Rising up in the new normal, we foresee the outlook for each segment as follows:

## Specialist Relocation

Growth  in  the  PRC's  TFT  LCD  sector  continues  to  slow down; in response, Chasen's Specialist Relocation business

is  expanding our service offerings into the semiconductor and automotive manufacturing sectors. Buoyed by increasing  long-term  demand  in  chip  manufacturing  and electrification of the automotive sector, manufacturers will continue  to  transition  and  upgrade  their  equipment  and facilities, providing new opportunities for our PRC business unit.

We are also targeting the transition to OLED technology in the display panel sector in the PRC, and intend to leverage our  first-mover  advantage  in  this  sector  to  seize  market share. Outside of the PRC, the Group is on the lookout for opportunities  arising  from  developed  nations  looking  to safeguard their supply chain and develop resilience through self-sufficiency by on-shoring chip manufacturing capability and capacity.

We  will  also  continue  to  build  on  our  existing  regional market presence and secure new investment and projects in the semiconductor and equipment manufacturer markets in  Malaysia  and  Singapore  as  well  as  the  fast-growing electronic industry in Vietnam, which is benefiting from a global shift in the supply chain.

These  efforts  will  allow  the  Group  to  further  strengthen our Specialist Relocation business, which has seen project delays  due  to  movement  restrictions  amid  the  PRC's 'dynamic zero' policy.

the  latest  technologies  to  increase  operational  efficiency and enhance customer service.

The Group has turned to rail transport to overcome the long delays  at  the  PRC-Vietnam  border  due  to  the  pandemic. Capable of clearing border restrictions in a shorter amount of time, we are seeing encouraging results, and have started integrating freight train transportation within our services to increase revenue and provide a reliable complementary service to trucking. Trucking for the last mile delivery is still required to reach the customers' doorstep or continue the remainder journey all the way to Malaysia and Singapore or destinations in the PRC. Such a road-rail service would half the number of days taken to complete the journey due to the chokepoints at the land border.

In June 2022, we launched our first trans-continental crossborder trucking service from Penang to Europe. The journey took the cargoes via the Southeast Asia hinterland into the PRC and through Central Asia and entering eastern Europe via  Serbia  before  arriving  at  their  respective  destinations in  Hungary and Germany. This door-to-door service took approximately 40 days.

## T&amp;E

The  components  and  parts  manufacturing  business  will continue  to  anchor  this  segment,  even  as  its  Suzhou plant  navigates  the  PRC's  'dynamic  zero'  COVID  policy that  has  disrupted  business  activities.  We  are  acquiring new  production  capabilities  and  capacities  to  capture opportunities  in  emerging  core  technologies  such  as  5G, Internet of Things, and Electric Vehicles; these sectors will see greater adoption in the years to come,

<!-- image -->

We have also identified the automotive sector, medical equipment (' MedTech ') and power  plants  as  new  sources  of revenue, in addition to our existing telecommunication parts and assembly.  As  the  Group  secures new  projects  in  these  sectors  to diversify  and  provide  gross  profit support,  we are also looking to optimise manufacturing efficiency and improve our bottomline.

As border restrictions progressively ease across the region, Singapore's construction sector is seeing sustained recovery.  However,  manpower  challenges and increasing costs will need to be overcome to sustain growth.

With  a  foothold  in  GreenTech  and  a  strong  track record  in  solar  panel  installations  in  the  Government's HDB blocks and commercial building projects, we will seek out  business  opportunities  with  new  players  and  investment underpinned by the Government's decarbonisation push towards a low carbon future and net zero emissions target by 2050.

In conclusion, Chasen is well-positioned to navigate the challenges  ahead.    All  three  business  segments  have  secured steady project pipelines to keep us busy in the coming months and quarters. Our healthy balance sheet will not only allow us to navigate the increasingly challenging operating environment but seize growth opportunities. Despite the challenges ahead, we will continue to work closely with our suppliers and business associates to continually add value to our customers and stakeholders.

## Appreciation

I would like to express my appreciation to our customers and business partners for their steadfast support throughout the year. I would also like to thank the Board of Directors, who through their guidance and counsel, Chasen was able to emerge from the pandemic stronger.

I am also thankful to the management staff and our employees for their  loyalty  and  commitment to working laboriously during this challenging period. Most importantly, thank you, our shareholders, for  your  faith  in  our  vision.  Despite  the  challenges  ahead,  we will  continue  to  grow  our  order  book  and  business  to  deliver long-term value.

## LOW WENG FATT

Managing Director &amp; Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

-  SAN JOSE
- RENO
-  BOISE*
- PUERTO RICO*

*Past destinations

USA

- IRELAND*
- CZECH REPUBLIC*
- GERMANY
- HUNGARY
-  MIDDLE EAST*
-  BEIJING
- CHUZHOU
- SHANGHAI
- SUZHOU
-  TAIPEI
- HANOI
- HAI PHONG

EUROPE

- HO CHI MINH CITY
-  LAOS
- MYANMAR
- THAILAND
-  MALAYSIA
- SINGAPORE

ASIA

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Revenue Analysis (S$'MIL)

<!-- image -->

Profit / (Loss) After Tax (S$'MIL)

<!-- image -->

Dividend Per Share (CENTS)

<!-- image -->

## Revenue Breakdown By Business Segment

<!-- image -->

## Revenue Breakdown By Geographical

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE MILESTONES

1995

Chasen Logistics Services began business as a partnership operating from its office in Wallich Street

2009

Chasen Group established footprint in Vietnam with the setting-up of Chasen Transport Logistics Co., Ltd (' CTL ') in Ho Chi Minh City

Chasen Logistics Services Limited (' CLSG ') was awarded bizSAFE STAR by Workplace Safety and Health Council

2010

Acquisition of 'green' companies, Global Technology Synergy Pte Ltd (' GTS ') and Towards Green Sdn Bhd (' TGSB ')

10

1999

<!-- image -->

Incorporated as Chasen Logistics Services Pte Ltd (' CLSPL ')

2001

CLSPL awarded first local turnkey project to consolidate several manufacturing facilities to one location

CLSPL was certified ISO 9001 for Quality Management System

2008

2004

Set-up first overseas operations in People's Republic of China (' PRC ') through Chasen (Shanghai) Hi-Tech Machinery Services Pte Ltd (' HTS ')

CLSPL was certified ISO 14001 for Environmental Management and OHSAS 18001 for Occupational Health and Safety Management System

2007

Extended Third Party Logistics (' 3PL ') operations in Malaysia through acquisition of City Zone Express Sdn Bhd (' CZEM ') and incorporation of DNKH Logistics Pte Ltd (' DNKH ') in Singapore

2005

Chasen Holdings Limited (' CHL ') listed on SGX SESDAQ (now known as Catalist) via a reverse takeover of China Entertainment Sports Ltd

2011

HTS was awarded first major Korean project to relocate an OLED (organic light-emitting diode) production line from Busan, South Korea to Shanwei, Guangdong Province, PRC

CHL was awarded the Certificate of Excellence in 'Best Investor Relations by a SGX-Catalist Company' at the IR Magazine South East Asia Awards 2011

R.I.S.E. Up To The New Normal

Established second overseas subsidiary, Chasen Logistics Sdn Bhd (' CLSB ') in (mainland) Penang

CLSB secured its first contract to service a Singapore-based semiconductor MNC that transferred its operations to the Kulim IT Park in Kedah

2012

Chasen Group achieved record since listing (in 2007)

historical high revenue of S$99 million CHL was recognized as one of the World's Top 1000 Fastest Growing

Public Companies in 2011 by the International Business Times (announced in January 2012)

2019

Surpassed FY2018 historical high by 3% at S$131.9 million 3PL subsidiary, CZEM secured MNC contracts for cross-border land freight from Malaysia to Vietnam and China to Singapore with complementary warehousing in Singapore and Malaysia 3PL CZE Group established an office in Shanghai

2020

Posted a historical loss of S$15.2 million (Revenue S$100.9 million) due to the pandemic Specialist Relocation and 3PL captured projects worth S$8.2 million

2018

2021

Recovered from previous S$3.4 million (Revenue - year's negative growth to post a net profit of S$130.7 million) Acquired and operationalized a nonbonded and bonded 140,000 sqft warehouse facility in Penang costing RM40 million (S$12.9 million) with in-house (AEO Program) Customs clearance Secured several Relocation and 3PL projects valued at

S$12.4 million

2017

Chasen Group achieved its highest revenue to date at S$127.9 million HTS secured relocation contract for pilot phase of the world's first 11th Generation TFT LCD plant in Shenzhen, PRC CZEM established bonded warehouse in Penang and office in Vietnam to manage cross-border land freight business an EV product manufacturing plant

C-USA secured the third phase of project valued at US$9.3 million

2013

Chasen transferred from Catalist to the Main Board of the SGX-ST on 26 February 2013

Ho Chi Minh City-based CTL awarded its first major move-in and installation project worth of US$0.9 million (S$1.1 million) by a Japanese tyre manufacturer in Hai Phong, Vietnam

Singapore-based CLSG secured its maiden relocation project worth of US$4.25 million (approximately S$5.4 million) from the Middle East. ') for the refurbishment of

CLSG built and managed a 100k cleanroom to house a Facilitized Refurbishment and Testing Centre (' FRTC wafer fab machine tools for a Japanese OEM

2022

Achieved a historical high of S$165.2 million revenue surpassing FY2019's topline by 25% 3PL started its multi-modal (road-rail) operations between ASEAN and the PRC (in May 2022) 3PL launched its maiden crossborder land freight operations from Malaysia to Germany and Hungary (in June 2022) Two subsidiaries in Singapore subscribed to 100% renewable energy for its electricity needs CLSG purchased its first electric van (to replace its dieseloperated van)

2016

Established a joint venture 3PL company in Thailand, City Zone Express Company Limited (' CZET ') with operating offices in Bangkok and Songkhla C-USA clinched US$12 million (S$17 million) project for handling of inbound cargo and move-in of equipment and materials for an EV product manufacturing plant

2014

Chasen Group surpassed S$100 million revenue mark for the first time in its corporate history Chasen Group introduced Shared Values as the basis to develop our corporate culture and growth strategy

Annual Report 2022

Chasen Holdings Limited

2015

Established a global marketing office, Chasen (USA), Inc. (' C-USA ') in San Jose, California, USA

Chasen Group exceeded S$100 million revenue benchmark for second time amassing S$106.2 million HTS achieved highest contracts secured totalling S$50 million (RMB245 million)

CZET established air and sea freight business to complement its crossborder trucking operations, with incorporation of City Zone Express Worldwide Co., Ltd  (' CZEW ')

11

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

1. Low Weng Fatt (Justin) Managing Director and CEO

2. Chew Mun Yew Independent Director 3. Siah Boon Hock (Eddie) Executive Director 4. Chew Choy Seng (John) Independent Director 5. Lim Yew Si Independent Director

1

## Low Weng Fatt (Justin)

Managing Director and CEO

Mr  Low Weng  Fatt  (' Justin '),  the  Managing  Director  and CEO of the Group, was appointed to the Board of Chasen Holdings  Limited  since  2007.  He  was  instrumental  in ensuring  the  success  of  the  reverse  acquisition  of  China Entertainment  Sports  Ltd,  which  led  to  the  listing  of  the Chasen  Group  on  SESDAQ  (now  known  as  Catalist)  and transferred to the Mainboard in February 2013. As Managing Director  and  CEO, Justin  is  responsible  for  executing  the Group's business strategy as deliberated and approved by the  Board,  providing  leadership  to  ensure  success  of  the Group's operations in the region, identifying new business opportunities as well as managing and supervising the daily operation of the Group.

Justin joined Chasen Logistics Services as a Project Manager in  1996  when  it  operated  as  a  partnership.  He  played  a pivotal  role  in  steering  the  growth  of  Company  since  he became its Managing Director in 2001. With his extensive experience  in  the  logistics  industry,  Justin  has  exploited its first mover advantage in meeting the growing specialist relocation  needs  of  semi-conductor  manufacturers  and other  businesses,  which  use  sophisticated  and  expensive

## 2 Siah Boon Hock (Eddie)

Executive Director

Mr Siah Boon Hock (' Eddie '), the Executive Director of the Group,  was  appointed  to  the  Board  of  Chasen  Holdings Limited since 2007. Besides assisting the Managing Director  and  CEO  in  business  and  operational  matters, specially  overseas  subsidiaries  like  Chasen  Logistics  Sdn Bhd, Chasen Transport Logistics Co., Ltd and Chasen (USA), Inc,  and  following  up  new  business  opportunities,  he  is also the Managing Director of the Technical &amp; Engineering Group  comprising  Goh  Kwang  Heng  Group,  Team  Glass Engineering Pte Ltd and Hup Lian Engineering Pte Ltd.

As  the  Managing  Director,  Eddie  has  direct  responsibility for  the  business  success  and  growth  of  the  abovenamed operating subsidiary group with the head of its subsidiaries reporting directly to him. He  is also responsible for evaluating  and  securing  Board  approval,  establishment  of machinery  and  equipment  in  their  operations  locally  and in  this  region  and  in  building  up  a  good  track  record  and reputation for the Group.

His  ability  to  anticipate  business  trend  and  demand  has enabled the Group to offer the right type of skills, equipment and value-add services to meet the total relocation needs of customers. The development of this comprehensive range of services to meet customers' relocation needs also enabled the Group to replicate its services capabilities overseas in particular the People's Republic of China (2004), Malaysia (2005), Vietnam (2009) and in the United States of America (2015).

Justin  continues  to  play  an  instrumental  role  in  charting the Group's business development, growth and expansion globally, including extending its core business higher up the supply chain to include cross-border land freight in the thirdparty logistics as well as technical and engineering services to  complement  its  logistics  capability.  This  competitive advantage enabled the Company to generate revenue well past $100 million in recent years.

legal framework and successful execution of major projects in the Technical &amp; Engineering business segment that require specific project funding and resources procured through the parent company that is over and above the normal working capital of the subsidiary involved in the project.

Eddie brings with him more than 20 years of experience in sales  and  marketing, which  include  being  a  regional  sales manager responsible for the sales and market development of supply chain management solutions to personal computer OEMs with internationally recognized brands such as Apple, IBM,  Compaq  (now  known  as  Hewlett  Packard)  in  Asia. Prior  to  joining  Chasen,  Eddie  was  an  executive  director with Ascomp Cyberware International Pte Ltd from 2000 to 2001, where he managed the sales development of the trading company.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Mr  Chew  Mun  Yew  (' Mun  Yew ')  was  appointed  as  an Independent  Director  of  Chasen  Holdings  Limited  on  5 August  2013.  He  is  the  Chairman  of  the  Remuneration Committee since 17 December 2019. He is also a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating Committee.

Prior  to  his  appointment,  Mun Yew was  a  Non-Executive Director of the Group's pioneer subsidiary, Chasen Logistics Services Limited from September 2012 where he was in an advisory capacity on the growth and business strategies for the subsidiary.

Mun Yew brings with him a span of 37 years of experience in  the  Back-end  and  Wafer  Fabrication  Semiconductor Industry  in  Manufacturing,  Quality,  Engineering,  Supply Chain &amp; Procurement Management of which 22 years were

<!-- image -->

## Chew Choy Seng (John)

Independent Director

Mr  Chew  Choy  Seng  (' John ')  was appointed as an Independent  Director  on  1  October  2018  and  as  the Chairman of the Audit Committee on 1 April 2019. He is also a member of the Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee.

John is a Chartered Accountant and Secretary by training and has over 40 years of experience in corporate, finance and general management across various industries. He has held

<!-- image -->

Mr Lim Yew Si (' Yew Si ') was appointed as an Independent Director on 1 October 2020. He assumes the role of the Chairman for the Nominating Committee  with effect from 15 October 2020. He is also a member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee.

Yew  Si  is  an  Accountant  by  training  and  has  more  than 30  years of experience in accountancy  and  financial at senior management level.

He  had  worked  at  Hewlett-Packard  Company  in  Quality and  Engineering  positions, and  subsequently  joined  a greenfield DRAM wafer fab start-up, TECH Semiconductor (S)  Pte Ltd that counts Texas Instrument and later Micron Inc.,  as  its  technology  partner.  He held Director positions for  Procurement  and  Materials  Management  at  TECH Semiconductor and later on at the Shared Services Centre of Micron Semiconductor Asia in Singapore.

Mun Yew holds a Bachelor of Engineering (2nd Class Upper Honours)  in  Electrical  &amp;  Electronic  from  the  Heriot-Watt University,  Edinburgh,  UK  and  a  postgraduate  Diploma in  Business  Administration  from  Singapore  Institute  of Management.

various  senior  management  roles  including  Deputy  Chief Executive Officer, Group General Manager, Chief Financial Officer in both public-listed companies and MNCs. He was the Chief Financial Officer of Chasen Holdings Limited for the period April 2010 to October 2013.

John is a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.

management,  taxation  and  business  advisories.  He  was previously  the  Financial  Controller  of  Chasen  Holdings Limited for the period January 2005 to February 2007.

Mr Lim is a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants, and the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants.

## EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

## Tan La Hiong (Cecilia)

Chief Financial Officer

Ms  Tan  La  Hiong  (' Cecilia ')  is  responsible  in  providing leadership and direction for all aspects of financial planning, internal control compliance and financial reporting matters for the Group. This also includes communication of financial performance  and  forecast  of  the  Group  to  the  Board  of Directors and SGX.

Cecilia  is  a  Chartered  Accountant  and  has  more  than  20 years  of  financial  management  experience  in  listed  and multinational companies covering strategic planning, business negotiation, process improvement, project management, budgeting and forecasting, treasury, corporate governance,  risk  management,  internal  controls,  taxation and audit.

Prior to joining Chasen Holdings Limited, Cecilia was with C.K. Tang Limited as Vice-President (Finance) and MTV Asia LDC as the Director (Finance).

Cecilia graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Accountancy (Second Class Honours - Upper Division) from the Nanyang Technological University. She is a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.

## Yap Beng Geok Dorothy

Head of Corporate Administration

Ms  Yap  Beng  Geok  Dorothy  is  the  Head  of  Corporate Administration  of  Chasen  Holdings  Limited.  She  is  responsible for the day to-day administrative workflow, human resource management and the general administration of the Group businesses  in  Singapore,  Malaysia,  Thailand,  Vietnam  and USA. She also provides support to other regional operations whenever  required.  She  provided  invaluable  assistance during the reverse listing  of  the  Chasen  Group  and continues to be the main liaison with professional advisors in  corporate  activities  of  the  Company  in  its  continuing listing obligations.

Dorothy first joined Chasen Logistics Services in 1995 when it was still a partnership and over the past 27 years she has been with the Group, she has acquired in-depth knowledge of  many  aspects  of  the  Group's  business,  including  its operation and administration.

Prior  to  joining  the  Group,  Dorothy  had  worked  as  an Administrative Officer with a Japanese MNC in Singapore. She  is  the  daughter  of  Mr Yap  Koon  Bee  @  Louis Yap,  a deceased Substantial Shareholder of the Group.

<!-- image -->

## OPERATION BUSINESS UNITS

## SPECIALIST RELOCATION

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Robert Lim General Manager , Chasen Logistics Services Limited (' CLSG ')

Mr Robert Lim (' Robert ') joined CLSG in 1997 as a Supervisor and subsequently rose to become the Senior Manager (Operations) in 2009. Before joining CLSG, Robert was the Material Controller cum Supervisor in a plastic manufacturing company. Robert has been building up his forte in relocation operations over the years and has managed many high value projects with MNC semi-conductor manufacturing companies in Singapore.

In 2014, he was promoted to Assistant General Manager. When the GM of CLSG relocated to the US in 2016, Robert took over the dayto-day operations and has since been responsible for the overall growth of the business unit.

Robert has been upgraded to the post of General Manager in January 2020.

<!-- image -->

## Alvin Lau Kin Jong

Country Manager , Chasen Logistics Sdn Bhd (' CLSB '), Chasen Engineering Sdn Bhd (' CESB ')

Mr Alvin Lau (' Alvin ') joined the Company's pioneer subsidiary, CLSG in April 2008 as the Assistant Project Manager.

In the following month, Alvin was posted to Penang to support the then  fledgling CLSB and was subsequently appointed as the Branch Manager. Within three years, he saw to the growth of CLSB and was upgraded to Country Manager in 2011. Alvin was instrumental in the expansion of the relocation business into Vietnam in 2009 when he initiated a relocation project for a US MNC from Penang to Ho Chi Minh City. In 2014, another subsidiary, CESB was placed under Alvin's portfolio. Prior to joining the Chasen Group, Alvin was a Project Engineer specializing in industrial gas system in a Singapore company.

Ever since helming CLSB, Alvin has amassed many high value projects mainly in the semi-conductor industry and of late in the solar panel manufacturing industry in Penang, and grown the business unit to be among the top few relocation companies in northern Peninsular Malaysia.

Alvin graduated with an Honors degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from the Leeds Beckett University in UK.

<!-- image -->

## Kang Swee Meng

Country Manager , Chasen Transport Logistics Co., Ltd (' CTL ')

Mr Kang Swee Meng (' Kang ') joined the Company's pioneer subsidiary, CLSG in April 2002 as a relocation specialist.

He was deployed to set-up the Penang branch in 2005 as the Project Manager. Upon his return in 2006, Kang was assigned as a Project Coordinator. With his working knowledge in the relocation business, Kang was subsequently seconded to Ho Chi Minh City in July 2009 to helm the company's new subsidiary, Chasen Transport Logistics Co., Ltd as the Branch Manager.

His appointment was upgraded to Country Manager in 2016.  As Country Manager, Kang is responsible for the management and overall growth of the company's business concerns in Vietnam. He has been appointed as the Legal Representative for both CTL and City Zone Express Vietnam Co., Ltd.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Cheong Tuck Nang (Bobby)

General Manager , Chasen (Chuzhou) Hi-Tech Machinery Services Pte Ltd (' Chasen Chuzhou ') Chasen (Shanghai) Hi-Tech Machinery Services Pte Ltd (' Chasen Hi-Tech ')

Mr Bobby Cheong (' Bobby ') is the General Manager and the legal representative of the Group's subsidiaries in the Specialist Relocation business segment in the People's Republic of China (' PRC '). He is responsible for the overall management, sales and marketing, and project execution in the PRC, specializing in the relocation of sophisticated equipment for MNC and local companies.

Bobby has been with the Chasen Group since the partnership days of Chasen Logistics Services and he brings with him more than 30 years of experience in the logistics, warehousing management and Specialist Relocation business.

He was one of the pioneers in the setting-up of the Group's PRC operation and is responsible for securing and execution of major largescale relocation projects that resulted in record revenues of RMB100 million and RMB185 million in FY2012 and FY2019 respectively, continuing with the expansion of the Group's business in the Chinese territory.

<!-- image -->

## Dixzyquo Nurman

Country Manager , Chasen (USA), Inc (' C-USA ')

Mr DixzyQuo Nurman (' Dixzy ') is the General Manager in-charge of the Group's Global Marketing Office (' GMO ') in the United States. He was instrumental in the setting up of the GMO and will continue to promote and market the Group's integrated service capabilities directly to the US and European head offices of MNCs that currently operate or intend to operate in our region.

Prior to relocating to the US, Dixzy was the General Manager in-charge of the Group's subsidiaries in the Specialist Relocation business segment in Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam. He joined the Group's subsidiary, Chasen Logistics Services Limited in 2000 as a Business Planning Manager and was promoted to General Manager for Singapore in 2004. Dixzy brings with him valuable experiences where he took charge of the execution of turnkey relocation projects for major international manufacturing companies from USA and Europe, which had relocated to Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam or the PRC.

Dixzy is a suma cum laude graduate from the Bandung Institute of Technology, Indonesia where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science (Industrial Engineering) degree, majoring in Economics Engineering.

<!-- image -->

## Lim Wui Liat (Andrew)

Executive Director , Liten Logistics Services Pte Ltd (' LLS ')

Mr Andrew Lim (' Andrew ') is the Executive Director of the Group's subsidiary, LLS since April 2011. He is responsible for the overall management, sales and operations for the entities under his charge. Andrew brings with him more than 30 years of experience in general logistics such as transportation, moving services for heavy machineries, general warehousing, freight forwarding and packing and crating of machineries for the manufacturing and construction industries. Andrew is a major shareholder of LLS. In recent years, he has also took on the role as a secondhand dealer in condemned electronic parts primarily from the semi-conductor industry for recycling/trading purpose.

Andrew continues to facilitate complementary capabilities to extend the scope of logistics services for the Group in the region.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## THIRD PARTY LOGISTICS (3PL)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Heng Khim Soon (Kenny)

General Manager , DNKH Logistics Pte Ltd (' DNKH

')

Mr Kenny Heng (' Kenny ') is the General Manager of the Group's Singapore 3PL subsidiary, DNKH. He is also the minority shareholder. He is responsible for management and growth of the business of this entity under his charge. He brings with him a wealth of more than 30 years of marketing and operation experience in the freight forwarding and third-party logistics businesses.

Kenny is tasked with the challenges to ensure the Group logistics services, such are freight, warehousing, transportation and distribution are competitive particularly, the air and sea shipment rates to and from Singapore and within the region. He also provides the other business units within the Group with value-added services to complement their services to customers who require supply chain services in third party logistics.

DNKH currently operates a fleet of more than 20 trucks of varying capacities and more than 80 field operation personnel in the distribution and warehousing businesses. In addition to storage, DNKH has value-add the de-installation of decommissioned escalators and elevators cum installation of new escalators/elevators to its service portfolio. This capability assists the Group to strengthen its global network in the freight industry.

<!-- image -->

## S. Pirithivaraj Selvarajoo

Executive Director/General Manager , City Zone Express Pte Ltd (' CZE-S '), City Zone Express Sdn Bhd (' CZE-M '), City  Zone  Express  Bonded Warehouse  Sdn  Bhd  (' CZE-BW '),  City  Zone  Express  Co.,  Ltd  (' CZE-T '),  City  Zone Express Worldwide Co., Ltd (' CZE-W '), City Zone Express (Shanghai) Co., Ltd (' CZE-C '), City Zone Express Vietnam Company Limited (' CZE-V ')

Mr Pirithivaraj Selvarajoo (' Raj ') is the Executive Director cum General Manager of the Group's Malaysian 3PL subsidiary, CZE-M. He is also a minority shareholder of CZE-M and CZE-S. Raj is responsible for the overall management and growth of the 3PL entities under his charge. CZE Group provides freight forwarding, warehousing (including bonded warehousing services), transportation, customs brokerage and other logistics supply chain services, operating out of Penang. He oversees the operation of a sizeable truck  fleet comprising more than 150 trucks, which are deployed for daily interstate long and short haul overland transportation between Singapore and Peninsular Malaysia.

Raj continues to strengthen CZE-M's cross-border land freight business in broadening the Company's revenue base and enhancing its profitability. He also assists the Group in identifying business opportunities to grow the Group's business in Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam to capture a larger share of the inland and cross-border transport business within Indo-China and into the PRC as well as Europe.

He was instrumental in setting-up joint venture companies with business partners in Thailand and Vietnam with operating offices in Bangkok, Songkhla, Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City and Shanghai.

## TECHNICAL &amp; ENGINEERING (T&amp;E)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Yeo Seck Cheong (Jeffrey)

General Manager , Global Technology Synergy Pte Ltd (' GTS '), Chasen Sinology (Beijing) Co., Ltd (' Sinology '), Chasen Sino-Sin (Beijing) Hi-Tech Services Pte Ltd (' Sino-Sin ')

Mr Jeffrey Yeo (' Jeffrey ') is the General Manager of GTS and responsible for the general management, growth and development of the business unit in Singapore. GTS is in the business of process and industrial plant engineering design and consultancy services as well as general contractors for alteration &amp; addition (A&amp;A) and mechanical &amp; electrical (M&amp;E) works.

Concurrently, Jeffrey is also the legal representative of the Group's PRC subsidiaries as well as Director of several subsidiaries in the Group.

Jeffrey joined Chasen Logistics in 2000 as a Project Manager responsible for executing relocation projects. Having been in the logistics and relocation industry for more than 20 years, he had successfully transferred this experience to the PRC when he set up the relocation business operations for the Group in the PRC.

<!-- image -->

## Chionh Hong Wei Edwin

Acting General Manager , Goh Kwang Heng Pte Ltd (' GKH '), Goh Kwang Heng Scaffolding Pte Ltd (' GKHS '), Hup Lian Engineering Pte Ltd (' HLE '), REI Technologies Pte Ltd (' REI ')

Mr Edwin Chionh (' Edwin ')  first  joined the Chasen Group in 2013 as the Sales Manager of GKH/GKHS. Prior to joining GKH/GKHS, Edwin was in sales dealing in consumer electronics for a total of seven years. With his sales experience, he spearheaded the marketing and sales for GKH/GKHS and secured numerous projects in the construction industry. Among the projects he managed were Fusionopolis, Mediapolis, Metropolis, State Court Towers and Marina One.

With the many construction projects under his belt, Edwin was promoted to Assistant General Manager in 2018. HLE and REI were subsequently placed under the charge of Edwin in December 2019. Under Edwin, HLE secured a major contract for the fabrication and installation of steel frames for a solar panel project. With the departure of the previous GM in 2019, Edwin has been emplaced to the post of Acting General Manager in charge of the GKH-HLE-REI group of companies. The newly set-up joint venture company, Team Glass Engineering Pte Ltd, between HLE &amp; Team Glass Construction Pte Ltd also comes under his operational purview.

Edwin graduated with a Diploma in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from Singapore Polytechnic.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Chan Hooi Beng (Ryan)

Director , Team Glass Engineering Pte Ltd (' TGE ')

Mr Ryan Chan (' Ryan ') joined the Chasen Group in July 2019 when he invested as a minority shareholder in the joint venture company, TGE. He was appointed as a director of TGE and is responsible for the overall sales, management and growth of the business entity under his charge. Concurrently, Ryan reports to Mr Edwin Chionh of the GKH-HLE-REI group.

Ryan has more than 15 years of experience in the construction business particularly in the area of glass and aluminium works, primarily focusing in consultancy and building engineering design services for aluminium and glazing work for façade and cladding construction for buildings.

<!-- image -->

## Hein Ke Long (Henry)

Executive Director/General Manager , REI Promax Technologies Pte Ltd (' PMXS ')

Suzhou Promax Communication Technology Co., Ltd (' PMXSZ ')

Mr Henry Hein (' Henry ') is the Executive Director cum General Manager of the Chasen Group subsidiaries in the contract manufacturing business in Singapore and the PRC. Henry is responsible for the overall management and operational growth of the precision machining business.

Promax  Group  is  in  the  business  of  providing  solutions  such  as  prototype  designs,  machining,  precision  engineering  and  machining for  components such as molds, jigs and fixtures, mechanical sub-assemblies, design and fabrication of special purpose machines and reverse engineering for the telecommunication and ordnance industries. Promax has recently added to its portfolio, the manufacturing of mechanical parts for conventional and electric cars.

Henry oversees the sales and marketing of the Group's T&amp;E service capability for both factories in Singapore and Suzhou. He has more than 20 years of experience in the precision engineering manufacturing industry.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## Board of Directors

Low Weng Fatt Managing Director and CEO Siah Boon Hock Executive Director Chew Mun Yew Independent Director Chew Choy Seng Independent Director Lim Yew Si Independent Director

## Audit Committee

Chew Choy Seng Chairman Chew Mun Yew Lim Yew Si

## Remuneration Committee

Chew Mun Yew Chairman Chew Choy Seng Lim Yew Si

## Nominating Committee

Lim Yew Si Chairman Chew Mun Yew Chew Choy Seng Low Weng Fatt

## Company Secretary

Siau Kuei Lian

## Registered Office and Principal Place of Business

18 Jalan Besut Singapore 619571

Tel: (65) 6266 5978

Fax: (65) 6262 4286

Website: www.chasen.com.sg

## Share Registrar and Share Transfer Office

Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte. Ltd.

1 Harbourfront Avenue, Keppel Bay Tower #14-07 Singapore 098632

## Auditors

Mazars LLP Chartered Accountants of Singapore 135 Cecil Street #10-01 Singapore 069536 Partner in charge: Chan Hock Leong (a member of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants) (appointed with effect from the financial year ended 31 March 2022)

## Principal Banker

DBS Bank Ltd 12 Marina Boulevard Level 43 Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 3 Singapore 018982

## CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

As a responsible corporate citizen, Chasen has vigilantly upheld the principle of corporate social responsibility (' CSR ') in serving the communities we operate in, looking after the welfare of our employees, and building goodwill for our Group.

We took full responsibility of all the environmental and social resources under our stewardship. As a result, the Company has established a CSR policy which encompassed the review of the Group's activities in the following areas:

- To review and recommend the Group's policy with regards to CSR issues;
- To review the Group's environmental policies and standards;
- To review the social impact of the Group's business practices in the communities that it operates in;
- To review and recommend policies and practices with regard to key stakeholders (suppliers, customers and employees); and
- To review and recommend policies and practices with regard to regulators.

## Our CSR Framework

The Company aims to be recognized as an organization that is transparent and ethical in all its business operations as well as making a positive contribution to the communities, which it operates in. We are deeply committed to our Shared Values underpinning our CSR framework in the fulfilment of our social responsibility in achieving sustainable development for our future generations:

- Clear direction, strong leadership and open communication;
- Customer focus;
- Equality, fairness and transparency;
- Development of positive working relationships with others and respect for people
- Promote environmental, social and economic issues; and
- Contribution to the community

Over the years, the Company has been making contributions to aged and children's homes as well as sponsorship of charity golf events in aid of social causes.

FOR OUR BUSINESS PARTNERS &amp; STAKEHOLDERS Transparency &amp; ethical practices

<!-- image -->

FOR OUR PLANET EARTH Stewarding resources for future generations

FOR OUR COMMUNITIES

<!-- image -->

Helping develop thriving, resilient communities

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

The Board of Directors (the ' Board ') of Chasen Holdings Limited (the ' Company ' and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') is committed to setting in place corporate governance practices which are in line with the recommendations of the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' Code ') to provide the structure through which protection of the interests of its shareholders, stakeholders and investing public is met.

This Statement describes the practices the Company has undertaken with respect to each of the principles and provisions and the extent of its compliance with the Code. The Board believes that the Company has complied in all material aspects with  the  principles  and  provisions  set  out  in  the  Code.  Where  the  Company's  practices  differ  from  any  principle  or provision, the Company's position in respect of the same is explained in this Statement.

## BOARD MATTERS

## Board's Conduct of Affairs

## Principle 1: The company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the company.

The Board is responsible for setting the strategic directions for the Company. The Board, in fulfilling its stewardship responsibility for the Company, met on a regular basis throughout the year to supervise the Management in areas such as budgeting and planning, organisational and financial performance, the achievement of strategic goals and objectives, risk management as well as communication with shareholders of the Company. The Board is also responsible for considering sustainability issues relating to the environment and social factors as part of the strategic direction of the Group.

The principal functions of the Board include, amongst other things, the following:

- -provide  entrepreneurial  leadership,  set  strategic  objectives,  and  ensure  that  the  necessary  financial  and  human resources are in place for the Company to meet its objectives;
- -provide the overall strategy of the Group;
- -establish a framework of prudent and effective controls, which enables risks to be assessed and managed including safeguarding of shareholders' interests and the Company's assets;
- -review the performance of the management;
- -identify the key stakeholder groups and recognise that their perceptions affect the Company's reputation;
- -set the Company's values and standards (including ethical standards), and ensure that obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders are understood and met;
- -consider sustainability issues, e.g. environmental and social factors, as part of its strategic formulation;
- -assume the responsibilities of corporate governance framework of the Group.

All    Directors  objectively  discharge  their  duties  and  responsibilities  at  all  times  as  fiduciaries  in  the  interests  of  the Company and hold Management accountable for performance and the Board is accountable to shareholders through effective governance of the business.

The  Board acts in good faith and in the best interests of the Company by exercising due care, skills and diligence, and avoiding conflicts of interest. The Directors are cognizant of their fiduciary duties at law. When a potential conflict of interest situation arises, the affected Director will recuse himself from the discussion and decisions involving the areas of  potential  conflict,  unless  the  Board  is  of  the  opinion  that  his  participation  is  necessary.  Unless  such  participation is  permitted unanimously, the conflicted Director excuses himself for an appropriate period during the discussions to facilitate full and frank exchange by the other Directors, and shall in any event recuse himself from the decision-making.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

Pursuant to Section 156 of the Companies Act 1967 (the ' Companies Act '), each Director, at Group and subsidiary level, is to declare to the Company his interests (direct or indirect) in all transactions with the Company and provide details on the nature of such interests as soon as practicable after the relevant facts have come to his knowledge.

Each Director is required to promptly disclose any conflict or potentially conflict of interest, whether direct or indirect, in relation to a transaction or proposed transaction with the Group as soon as is practicable after the relevant facts have come to his knowledge. On an annual basis, each Director is also required to submit details of his associates for the purpose of monitoring interested persons transactions. Where a Director has a conflict or potential conflict of interest in relation to any matter, he should immediately declare his interest as soon as practicable and  regardless of whether the conflict-related matter is to be discussed or not, and recuse himself from participation unless the Board is of the opinion that his presence and participation is necessary to enhance the efficacy of such discussion. Nonetheless, he is to abstain from voting in relation to the conflict-related matters.

To  assist the Board in the execution of its responsibilities, the Board is supported by three board committees, namely the Nominating Committee (' NC '),  the  Remuneration Committee (' RC ')  and  the Audit  Committee (' AC ')  (collectively, the ' Board Committees '  or each the ' Board Committee '). Each Board Committee has its own set of defined terms of reference, which sets out the respective Board Committee's duties and responsibilities.

The    Company  has  taken  steps  to  ensure  participation  of  all  Directors  when  selecting  Directors  to  the  three  Board Committees so as to maximise their effectiveness. All Board Committees are headed by Independent Directors.

Formal Board meetings are held at least four times a year to approve the half yearly result announcements and to oversee the business affairs of the Group. The Board is free to seek clarification and information from the Management on all matters under their purview. Ad-hoc meetings are convened when the circumstances require. During the financial year under review, the details of number of Board and Board Committee meetings held and attended by each Board member are set out as follows:

| Names of Directors  Board  AC  NC  RC  No. of  meetings  held  No. of  meetings  attended  No. of  meetings  held  No. of  meetings  attended  No. of  meetings  held  No. of  meetings  attended  No. of  meetings  held  No. of  meetings  attended  Low Weng Fatt  4  4  4*  4*  1  1  N/A  N/A  Siah Boon Hock  4  4  4*  4*  1*  1*  N/A  N/A  Chew Mun Yew  4  4  4  4  1  1  1  1  Chew Choy Seng  4  4  4  4  1  1  1  1  Lim Yew Si  4  4  4  4  1  1  1  1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   By Invitation

The Company's Constitution provides for the Directors to participate in Board and Board Committee meetings by means of telephonic and video conference meetings or in such manner as the Board may determine.

As an added control mechanism, the Company has identified the following areas for which the Board's approval must be sought:

- -Approval of half yearly and full-year results announcements for release to the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ');
- -Approval of the annual reports and audited financial statements;
- -Convening of shareholders' meetings;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

- -Approval of corporate strategies;
- -Approval of material acquisitions and disposal of assets; and
- -Approval of major investment and funding decisions.
- -Approval of significant organisational changes that has bearing on execution of corporate strategies

The  Board has and will continue to have in place, an orientation and training programme for newly appointed Directors to familiarize them with the Group's business operations, strategic directions, directors' duties and responsibilities, corporate governance practices, regulations and guidelines from SGX-ST to enable them to discharge their duties and responsibilities effectively.

Upon appointment of a new Director, a formal letter setting out his duties and responsibilities will be provided. The Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and receive training to improve themselves in the discharge of directors' duties and responsibilities. The Company has and will continue to provide incoming Directors (if and when appointed) with information relating to corporate conduct and governance including continuing disclosure requirements as required by the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, disclosure of interests in securities, restrictions on disclosure of confidential or price sensitive information and etc.

The Directors are also kept abreast of any relevant new laws, regulations and changing commercial risks, from time to time which are relevant to the Group and the training courses related to the aforesaid will be arranged and funded by the Company. News releases issued by the SGX-ST and Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (' ACRA ') which are relevant to the Company are circulated to the Directors.

The details of updates, seminars and training programmes attended by the Directors in FY2022 include, amongst others:

- Updates on developments in financial reporting, where relevant, by the external auditors of the Company;
- Updates on regulatory announcements, guidance and/or amendments to the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST and the Code, where relevant, by the Company Secretary; and
- the changes in the relevant laws and regulations pertaining to the Group's business and changing commercial risks and business conditions of the Group by the Management.

The  NC and the Board are satisfied that sufficient time and attention are being given by the Directors to the affairs of the Group, as none of the Director has multiple listed company board representations. Therefore, there is presently no need to implement internal guidelines to address the competing time commitments. This matter is reviewed on an annual basis by the NC.

To  enable the Board to function effectively and to fulfill its responsibilities, the Management strives to provide Board papers prior to any Board and Board Committees meeting. These papers are issued in advance, with sufficient time to enable Directors to consider the issues and to obtain additional information or explanation from the Management, if necessary.

Draft agendas for Board and Board Committees meetings are circulated in advance to the respective Chairmen, in order for them to suggest items for the agenda and/or review the usefulness of the items in the proposed agenda.

All  Directors have separate and independent access to key management personnel and to the Company Secretary at all times. The Company Secretary and/or her representatives administer, attend and prepare minutes of Board and Board Committees meetings, and assists the respective Chairmen of the Board and Board Committees meetings in ensuring that Board procedures are followed so that the Board functions effectively, and the Company's Constitution and relevant rules and regulations, including requirements of the Companies Act and the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, are complied with, at all times.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is a matter for the Board as a whole.

Should the Directors need independent professional advice, the Company will, upon direction by the Board, appoint a professional advisor to render the advice, and the costs of such professional fees will be borne by the Company.

## Board Composition and Guidance

Principle 2: The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

The  current Board of Directors consists of two Executive Directors and three Independent Directors. The Directors as at the date of this report are listed as follows:

## Executive Directors

Low Weng Fatt (Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer) Siah Boon Hock

## Independent Directors

Chew Mun Yew Chew Choy Seng Lim Yew Si

The current Board composition complies with Provision 2.2 and 2.3 of the Code, where Independent Directors and NonExecutive Directors make up a majority of the Board. In addition, the current Board composition also complies with Rule 210(5)(c) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST where Independent Directors must comprise at least one-third of the Board.

The  criterion for independence is based on the definition set out in the Code and Practice Guidance. The Board considers an 'Independent Director' as one who is independent in conduct, character and judgement, and has no relationship with the Company, its related companies, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Director's independent business judgement with a view to the best interests of the Company.

The independence of each Director is reviewed annually by the NC in accordance with the Code and its Practice Guidance as well as Rule 210(5)(d)(i) and 210(5)(d)(ii) which took effect on 1 January 2019, it stipulates that a director will not be independent if he is employed by the issuer or any of its related corporations for the current or any of the past three financial years; or if he has an immediate family member who is employed or has been employed by the issuer or any of its  related corporation for the past three financial years, and whose remuneration is determined by the remuneration committee of the issuer. In this regard, the Independent Directors have confirmed that they and their respective associates do not have any employment relationships with the Company.

The Independent Directors (namely Mr Chew Mun Yew, Mr Chew Choy Seng and Mr Lim Yew Si) have submitted their confirmation of independence and confirmed that they or their immediate family members do not have any relationship with the Company or any of its related corporations, its substantial Shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Directors' independent business judgment with a view to the best interests of the Company, and do not fall under any of the circumstances pursuant to Rule 210(5)(d) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST. The Independent Directors are not the substantial shareholder of the Company and will not in foreseeable situation that could compromise their independence of thought and decision. The Board, based on the review conducted by the NC, has determined that the said Directors are independent.

The NC has reviewed the forms on confirmation of independence completed by each Independent Director and concurred with their confirmation. The NC is satisfied that there is a strong and independent element in the Board even as the Board refreshes its members on the Board and Board Committees.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

The respective Directors had abstained from the discussions pertaining to the review of his independence.

Mr  Chew Mun Yew will serve the Board beyond nine years from the date of his first appointment on or after 5 August 2022. Notwithstanding that Mr Chew Mun Yew will have served the Board beyond nine years, the NC, with the concurrence of the Board, is satisfied that Mr Chew Mun Yew is still considered as an Independent Director, after performing rigorous review and taking the following into consideration:

- (1) Giving full attention to the written and spoken materials presented;
- (2) Assessing what needs to be questioned in the best interests of the Company;
- (3) Avoiding undue reliance on a single individual's expertise or the majority view;
- (4) Taking account of the context objectively, relevant comparison, legal requirements and ethical issues;
- (5) Developing an informed view;
- (6) Freedom from undue influence and able to identify the dividing line between the interest of the Company and those of self-interest;
- (7) Awareness of one's own biases, agendas and emotions as well as collective values such as fairness;
- (8) Understanding the risk and uncertainty and how to mitigate them;
- (9) An environment where diverse views are encouraged and dissent is seen as safe;
- (10)  Checking for the way options have been framed;
- (11)  Appreciation of the implication of trade-off in the choice, not only financial aspects but factors such as risks and reputation; and
- (12)  Awareness of the need of consultation on the choice with relevant stakeholders and other interested parties.

Mr Chew Mun Yew had abstained from the discussions pertaining to the review of his independence.

Based on the above, the NC and the Board are recommending Mr Chew Mun Yew to seek for two-tier approval pursuant to Rule 210(5)(d)(iii) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST at the forthcoming AGM, as Mr Chew Mun Yew has been able to objectively guide and oversee the Management of the Group, provide the check and balance and exercise an independent business judgement to the best interests of the Group.

The  Board takes into account the scope and nature of the Company's operations. It also takes into account the evolving Corporate  Governance  Code  and  as  articulated  above  is  taking  actions  to  refresh  the  Board  to  facilitate  effective deliberations and decision making of the Board while enhancing the independent elements on the Board. The Independent Directors  would  constructively  challenge  and  help  develop  proposals  on  strategy  and  review  the  performance  of Management in meeting agreed goals and objectives and monitoring the reporting of performance. The Independent Directors are encouraged to meet regularly without the presence of Management so as to facilitate a more effective check on Management. During FY2022, the Independent Directors have met informally at least once without the presence of Management to discuss matters such as corporate governance initiatives, board processes as well as succession planning and will continue to do so.

The  composition of the Board is reviewed at least annually by the NC. The NC is of the view that there is a strong element of independence in the Board as the Independent Directors currently form the majority of the Board. Chew Choy Seng and Lim Yew Si are accountancy and financial professional throughout their career and Chew Mun Yew has extensive engineering  and  senior  management  experience  from  major  MNC  players  in  the  semi-conductor  industry  that  forms the specialist relocation customer base in Singapore and the Asia region. Therefore, there is diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to exercise the Director's independent business judgement in the best interest of  the  Company. The  Board  comprises  Directors  who  have  the  appropriate  balance  and  diversity  of  skills,  expertise and experience, knowledge of the industries the Group does business in and collectively possess the necessary core competencies for effective functioning and informed decision-making. Notwithstanding the lack of gender diversity at the Board level due to scarce/limited pool of experienced female senior executives in the logistics and construction related sectors in Singapore to draw from, the Board is always on the lookout. The Board aside, it is to be noted that 2 female key management personnel (out of a total of 6) are on the Company's senior management bench, which includes the Chief Financial Officer (' CFO ') and the Head of Administration and Human Resource. Although the Company has not adopted the board diversity policy, the Company has embraced all aspects of diversity in the current Board composition and senior corporate Management bench that participates routinely in Board deliberations. The Company confirms that its current

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

practices are consistent with the intent of Principle 2 of the Code. The Board and Board Committees are of an appropriate size, and comprise directors who as a group provide the appropriate balance and mix of skills, knowledge, experience, and other aspects of diversity such as gender and age, so as to avoid groupthink and foster constructive debate in its Board meetings, which include CFO and Head of Administration. Notwithstanding this, the Board is in the process of establishing the board diversity policy.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

## Principle 3: There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

The Board does not have a Chairman. Currently, the responsibilities of the Chairman are shared among the Board members to:

- (a) lead the Board to ensure that its effectiveness in all aspects of its role;
- (b) set the agendas and ensure that adequate time is available for discussion of all agenda items, in particular strategic issues;
- (c) promote a culture of openness and debate at the Board;
- (d) ensure that the directors receive complete, accurate, timely and clear information;
- (e) ensure effective communication with shareholders;
- (f) encourage constructive relations within the Board and between the Board and Management;
- (g) facilitate the effective contribution of Non-Executive Directors in particular; and
- (h) promote high standards of corporate governance.

The roles of a Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer (' CEO ') are separate and distinct, each having his own areas of responsibilities. As the highest-ranking executive officer of the Group, Low Weng Fatt being the Managing Director and CEO of the Company, has executive responsibilities for the Group's businesses. He is responsible for the effective management and supervision of the daily business operations of the Group as well as taking a key leadership role in executing the Group's business strategy as deliberated and approved by the Board.

The Board has set clear guidelines in respect of decisions that are to be made by the Board, decisions that are to be made by the Managing Director and CEO in consultation with the Board while leaving it to the judgement of Management as to other matters that ought to be referred to the Board. The Board is of the opinion that the decision-making process by the Board has been independent and has been based on collective decisions without any individual exercising any considerable concentration of power or influence.

The Independent Directors are encouraged to meet periodically without the presence of the Executive Directors and Management, and provide feedback to the CEO after such meetings.

As  there is no Chairman being appointed at this juncture, the relationship between the Chairman and CEO is not applicable.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

## Board Membership

## Principle 4: The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and reappointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

The  NC currently comprises the following three members, the majority of whom including the Chairman, are Independent Directors:

Lim Yew Si (Chairman) Chew Mun Yew Chew Choy Seng Low Weng Fatt

The NC is governed by its written terms of reference. In accordance with the requirements of the Code, the Chairman of the NC is an Independent Director. The NC reviews board succession plans for Directors, makes recommendations to the Board on all nominations for appointments and re-appointments of Directors to the Board. In addition, the NC will review, as and when circumstances require, to arrange for training and professional development programs for the Board. It also ascertains the independence of Directors and evaluates the Board's performance. The NC assesses the independence of Directors, based on the guidelines set out in the Code and any other salient factors.

Given the time needed in the rigorous evaluation of potential candidates to Board appointment, the NC's review of independent status of Directors is necessarily forward-looking in particular for long-serving Directors. As mentioned in Principle 2, the NC is progressive and proactive in this formal and transparent process. The NC, in recommending the nomination of any Director for re-election and/or re-appointment, considers the contribution of each Director, based on, inter alia ,  his attendance record, overall participation and contributions, expertise, strategic vision, business judgement and sense of accountability.

The NC ensures that the members of the Board and its Board Committee are best suited for their respective appointments and  are  able  to  discharge  their  responsibilities  as  members  of  the  Board  and/or  Board  Committees.  In  addition,  the selection of Directors requires careful assessment to ensure there is an equitable distribution of responsibilities among the Directors.

In the nomination and selection process, the NC reviews the composition of the Board by taking into consideration the mix of expertise, skills attributes and length of service of existing Board members, so as to identify desirable competencies and criterion for a particular appointment. In so doing, it strives to source for candidates who possess the skills and experience that will further strengthen the Board, and who are able to contribute to the Company in relevant strategic business areas, in line with the growth and development of the Group. This process also takes into account the evolving Corporate Governance landscape with the aim to achieving compliance progressively and proactively.

Pursuant to the Company's Constitution, every Director (except the Managing Director and CEO) must retire from office at least once every three years by rotation. Directors who are due for retirement are eligible to offer themselves for reelection. New Directors who are appointed by way of Board resolution are subject to retire at the Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') following his appointment and he shall be eligible for re-election by shareholders at the AGM. With effect from 1 January 2019, Rule 720(5) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST (' Listing Rule ') requires all directors of an issuer must retire and may submit themselves for re-nomination and re-election at least once every three years.

Each member of the NC shall abstain from deliberation in respect to his re-nomination as a Director.

Chew Mun Yew and Chew Choy Seng shall retire from office pursuant to Regulations 110 of the Company's Constitution at the forthcoming AGM to be held on 28 July 2022. Both Chew Mun Yew and Chew Choy Seng, the retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election pursuant to Regulation 113 of the Company's Constitution at the forthcoming AGM and have consented for re-election and the resolutions for their re-election would be tabled at the forthcoming AGM.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

Low Weng Fatt, the Managing Director and CEO of the Company shall retire at the forthcoming AGM to be held on 28 July 2022 pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Listing Rule and being eligible, has consented for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

The NC and the Board had reviewed and recommended the re-election of the abovementioned Directors at the forthcoming AGM. The retiring of the abovementioned Directors would be tabled for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

Where  a vacancy arises, the NC may tap on its networking contacts and/or engage external professional headhunters to assist with identifying and shortlisting potential candidates. The NC will consider each candidate for directorship based on the selection criteria determined after consultation with the Board and after taking into consideration the qualification and experience of such candidate, his/her ability to increase the effectiveness of the Board and to add value to the Group's business in line with its strategic objectives. Thereafter, the NC will recommend the candidate to the Board for approval.

Key information on directors proposed to be re-elected to the Board under Appendix 7.4.1 of the Listing Manual are as follows:-

| Name of Directors  Low Weng Fatt  Chew Mun Yew  Chew Choy Seng  Date of Appointment  6 February 2007  5 August 2013  1 October 2018  Date of last re-election (if  applicable)  30 July 2019  25 September 2020  30 July 2019  Age  57  66  68  Country of principal  residence  Singapore  Singapore  Singapore  The Board's comments on  this re-election (including  rationale, selection criteria,  and the search and  nomination process)  The Board of Directors of  the Company has accepted  and approved the NC's  recommendation, who has  reviewed and considered  Mr Low's contribution and  performance as Managing  Director and CEO of the  Company.  The Board of Directors of  the Company has accepted  and approved the NC's  recommendation, who has  reviewed and considered  Mr Chew's contribution  and performance as  Independent Director of the  Company.  The Board of Directors of  the Company has accepted  and approved the NC's  recommendation, who has  reviewed and considered  Mr Chew's contribution  and performance as  Independent Director of the  Company.  Shareholding interest in  the listed issuer and its  subsidiaries  The Company  Direct: 50,883,708 ordinary  shares  Indirect: 662,500 ordinary  shares  Subsidiaries of the Group  Nil  The Company  Nil  Subsidiaries of the Group  Nil  The Company  Nil  Subsidiaries of the Group  Nil  Any relationship (including  immediate family  relationships) with any  existing director, existing  executive officer, the  issuer and/or substantial  shareholder of the listed  issuer or of any of its  principal subsidiaries  None  None  None  Conflict of interest  (including any competing  business)  None  None  None   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

| Undertaking (in the format  set out in Appendix 7.7 of  Listing Rules) under Rule  720(1) has been submitted  to the listed issuer  Yes  Yes  Yes  Other Principal  Commitments Including  Directorships  Past Directorships (for the  last five years)  Nil  Other Principal  Commitments  Nil  Present Directorships  Chasen group of companies  Other Principal  Commitments  Nil  Past Directorships (for the  last five years)  Nil  Other Principal  Commitments  Nil  Present Directorships  Nil  Other Principal  Commitments  Nil  Past Directorships (for the  last five years)  Nil  Other Principal  Commitments  Nil  Present Directorships  Nil  Other Principal  Commitments  Nil   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The retiring directors had responded negative to items (a) to (k) listed in Appendix 7.4.1 of the Listing Manual of the SGXST.

Chew Mun Yew and Chew Choy Seng, if re-elected, will be considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(8) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST.

Key  information regarding the Directors is set out below:

| Name of Director  Date of  First Appointment  Date of  Last Re-election  Directorship and  Chairmanship in Other  Listed Companies and  Major Appointments  (Present and held over  preceding 3 years)  Low Weng Fatt  6 February 2007  30 July 2019  Nil  Siah Boon Hock  6 February 2007  29 July 2021  Nil  Chew Mun Yew  5 August 2013  25 September 2020  Nil  Chew Choy Seng  1 October 2018  30 July 2019  Nil  Lim Yew Si  1 October 2020  29 July 2021  Nil   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There  is no alternate Director on the Board.

The  independence of each Director is assessed and reviewed annually by the NC, which will consider whether a Director has business relationships with the Group, its substantial shareholders (5% of more shareholders) and if so, whether such relationships could interfere or be reasonably be perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Director's independent business judgement in the interest of the Group. No individual or small group of individuals dominates the Board's decision making. The assessment is in compliance with Provision 2.1 of the 2018 Code and Rule 210(5)(d) of the Listing Manual of SGX-ST.

The Board after taking into consideration the views of the NC, is of the view that Chew Mun Yew, Chew Choy Seng and

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

Lim Yew Si are considered independent and that, no individual or small group of individual dominates the Board's decisionmaking process.

As  set out under Principle 1 above, the NC has reviewed and is of the opinion that the Directors are able to and have adequately carried out their duties as Directors of the Company, as well as sufficient time and attention are given by the Directors to the affairs of the Company, in FY2022. Each of the Independent Directors, being members of the NC, has abstained and not participated in the review and determination in respect of himself.

## Board Performance

## Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

In    line  with  the  principles  of  good  corporate  governance,  the  NC  had  implemented  and  continued  with  an  annual performance evaluation for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and has completed the assessment without the engagement of an external facilitator. The purpose of the evaluation process is to increase the overall effectiveness of  the  Board.  In view of the current size of the Board and that all Independent Directors are members of the Board Committees, the assessment of the Board Committees was incorporated into the assessment of the Board as a whole.

The NC had decided unanimously, that there would be no separate assessment of the Board Committees and individual Directors. The NC, in considering the re-nomination of any Director, had considered but not limited to the extent of their attendance, participation and contribution in the proceedings of the meetings and affairs of the Company.

Each  Director was requested to complete evaluation forms to assess the overall effectiveness of the Board as a whole. The  appraisal process focused on the evaluation of factors such as the size and composition of the Board, the Board's access to information, Board processes and accountability, communication with key management personnel and Directors' standard of conduct. The results of the evaluation are used constructively by the NC to identify areas of improvements and recommend to the Board the appropriate action. Based on the results collated from the evaluations, the NC is of the view that the overall effectiveness of the Board as a whole has been consistently good for the financial year.

No  external facilitator has been used for the purpose of Board assessment in the financial year 2022. The Board Evaluation Questionnaires will be reviewed and updated as necessary from time to time.

The Board and the NC are satisfied that Directors appointed to the Board possess the necessary experience, knowledge and expertise critical to the Group's business.

## REMUNERATION MATTERS

Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

Principle 6: The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

The  RC currently comprises the following three members, all of whom are Independent Directors:

Chew Mun Yew (Chairman) Chew Choy Seng Lim Yew Si

The RC is governed by its written terms of reference.  The  principal functions of the RC are, inter alia :

- (a) review and recommend to the Board a general framework of remuneration for the Board and key management personnel of the Group;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

- (b) review and recommend to the Board specific remuneration packages for each Director, key management personnel and employees who are related to the Executive Directors and/or substantial shareholders covering all aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to Director's fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, options, share-based incentives and awards, and benefits in kind;
- (c) review  the Company's obligations arising in the event of termination of the Executive Directors' and key management personnel's contracts of service to ensure that such contracts of service contain fair and reasonable termination clauses, which are not overly generous; and
- (d) review  and  submit  its  recommendations  for  endorsement  by  the  Board,  the  awards  granted  under  the  Chasen Performance Share Plan or any long-term incentive schemes which may be set up from time to time and to do all acts necessary in connection therewith.

It  was noted that the Chasen Performance Share Plan 2017 was adopted and approved by the shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general meeting held on 28 July 2017. The duration of the Plan 2017 is a maximum period of 10 years commencing on the date of adoption, that is, 10 years commencing on 28 July 2017. Details of the plan are set out in the Directors' Statement on page 44.

Each member of the RC refrains from voting on any deliberations in respect of the assessment of his remuneration. No Director was involved in determining his own remuneration.

The  RC has full authority to engage any external independent professional advice on matters relating to remuneration as and when the need arises.

## Level and Mix of Remuneration

## Principle  7:  The  level  and  structure  of  remuneration  of  the  Board  and  key  management  personnel  are  appropriate  and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.

The RC will take into account the industry norms relevant to the size of the Company and geographical areas which the Group operates, the Group's performance as well as the contribution and performance of each Director and key management personnel when determining their remuneration packages.

In  structuring and reviewing the remuneration packages, the RC seeks to align interests of Directors and key management personnel with those of shareholders and link rewards to corporate and individual performance as well as their roles and responsibilities. Such performance-related remuneration should be aligned with the interest of shareholders and promote long term success of the Company. Individual performance reviews for key management personnel are completed annually.

The  Independent  Directors  receive  Directors'  fees  and  share  awards  under  the  Chasen  Performance  Share  Plan,  in accordance with their contributions, taking into account factors such as efforts and time spent, responsibilities of the Directors and the need to pay competitive fees to attract, retain and motivate the Directors. The Independent Directors shall not be over-compensated to the extent that their independence may be compromised. All Directors are paid Directors' fees that are subject to shareholders' approval at the AGM.

The remuneration for the Executive Directors and key management personnel comprised a basic salary component and a variable component, namely, director's fees, annual bonus and the share awards under the Chasen Performance Share Plan. The latter is based on the performance of the Group as a whole and their individual performances. The grants of share awards are vested over a period of time through a prescribed vesting schedule. The details of grants of share awards under the Chasen Performance Share Plan are disclosed in the Directors' Statement on page 48.

The Company entered into a service agreement with our Managing Director and CEO, Low Weng Fatt for a fixed appointment period and it does not contain onerous removal clauses. The service agreement allows for termination by either party

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

giving not less than six months' notice in writing to the other. The RC is responsible for the review of compensation commitments, if any, the service agreement may entail in the event of early termination.

The  Board is of the view that the remuneration offered to the Directors and key management personnel is fair and competitive, and is appropriate to attract, retain and motivate the directors to provide good stewardship of the Company and key management personnel to successfully manage the Company for the long term. The RC will carry out annual reviews  of  the  remuneration  packages  of  the  Directors  and  key  management  personnel,  having  due  regard  to  their contributions as well as the financial and commercial needs of the Group.

The  RC may recommend the Company to consider the use of contractual provisions to allow the Company to reclaim incentive  components  of  remuneration  from  Executive  Directors  and  key  management  personnel  in  exceptional circumstances of misstatement of financial results or misconduct resulting in financial loss to the Company.

## Disclosure on Remuneration

## Principle 8: The company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

The    remuneration  of  the  Executive  Directors  and  key  management  personnel  are  set  out  in  incremental  bands  of S$250,000 with further analysis showing the composition between Fee; Salary; Bonus and Other benefits. The Company's Directors and key management personnel receiving remuneration from the Group for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 are as follows:

| Remuneration Band  Number of Directors  2022  2021  Directors  $250,000 to below $500,000  2  1  Below $250,000  3  5  Total  5  6  Key Management Personnel  $250,000 to below $500,000  2  2  Below S$250,000  4  4  Total  6  6   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A breakdown of each individual Director's and key management personnel's remuneration, in percentage terms showing the level and mix for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, is as follows:

| Fees  Salary  Bonus  Other  benefits  Total  %  %  %  %  %  Directors  $250,000 to below $500,000  Low Weng Fatt  9.7  82.8  7.5  -  100  Siah Boon Hock  18.5  74.9  6.6  -  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

| Fees  Salary  Bonus  Other  benefits  Total  %  %  %  %  %  Directors  Below $250,000  Chew Choy Seng  100  -  -  -  100  Chew Mun Yew  100  -  -  -  100  Lim Yew Si  100  -  -  -  100   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Fees  Salary  Bonus  Other  benefits  Total  %  %  %  %  %  Key Management Personnel  $250,000 to below $500,000  Cheong Tuck Nang  -  73.8  6.7  19.5  100  Tan La Hiong  -  86.7  8.0  5.3  100  Below $250,000  DixzyQuo Nurman  -  74.9  -  25.1  100  Heng Khim Soon  -  84.5  7.5  8.2  100  Yap Beng Geok Dorothy  -  81.6  7.1  11.3  100  Yeo Seck Cheong  -  60.9  6.2  32.9  100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The aggregate total remuneration paid to the above-mentioned key management personnel (who are not Directors or the Managing Director and CEO) for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 is approximately S$1,362,653.

None of the Directors (including the Managing Director and CEO) and the top six key management personnel (who are not Directors or the Managing Director and CEO) of the Company has received any termination, retirement, post-employment benefits for the financial year ended 31 March 2022.

Save for Cheong Tuck Nang and Yap Beng Geok Dorothy who are the son-in-law and daughter of Yap Koon Bee @ Louis Yap*,  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  there  is  no  other  employee who  is  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the Company, or an immediate family member of a Director, the CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Company, and whose remuneration exceeds S$100,000 for the financial year ended 31 March 2022.

* Mr Yap Koon Bee @ Louis Yap, a deceased substantial shareholder, whose ordinary shares are currently administered by the estate.

The process of remuneration administration is led by the RC which provides critical oversight in assuring alignment of individual, Enterprise and Group's performance to long term shareholders' interest and value creation in a sustainable manner. The salient factors that form the key pillars in the administration of remuneration practices pertaining to Directors and key management personnel are in compliance with the Principles that are articulated in Principle 7 and 8 of this Annual Report.

This level of disclosure is consistent with the intent of transparency on the company's remuneration policies taking into account evolving industry trends and forces, competition for talent recruitment and retention. It is prudent and in the

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

shareholders' interest to protect this competitive advantage through an appropriate level of transparency in the Company's compliance regime and compensation practices.

The  Company  has  not  disclosed  exact  details  of  the  remuneration  of  each  individual  Director  and  key  management personnel as maintaining confidentiality on such matters is desirable in the overall interest of the business. Attracting and retaining capable professionals are top priorities for the Group operating in a highly competitive industry. It is to be noted the breakdown in the level and mix of remunerations in percentage terms are, in and by itself, of significance and hence sufficiently transparent.

The RC has reviewed and approved the remuneration packages of the Directors and key management personnel, having due regard to their contributions as well as the financial and commercial needs of the Group and has ensured that the Directors are adequately but not excessively remunerated.

The Company confirms that its current practices are consistent with the intent of Principle 8 of the Code.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders

Management regularly reviews the Group's business and operational activities to identify areas of significant business risks as well as appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks within the Group's policies and strategies. The Company will consider the need to establish a risk management committee to assist the Board in carrying out its responsibility of overseeing the Company's risk management framework and policies when the need arises.

Although the Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the Group's overall system of internal controls, the Board also recognises that no internal control system will preclude all errors and irregularities. The Group's system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The internal controls in place will address the financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, as well as risk management systems and the objectives of these controls are to provide reasonable assurance that there are no material financial misstatements or material loss and that assets are safeguarded.

Relying on the reports from the external auditors, internal auditors and the representation letters from the Management, the AC carries out assessments of the effectiveness of key internal controls during the year. Any material non-compliance or weaknesses in internal controls or recommendations from the external auditors and internal auditors to further improve the internal controls would be reported to the AC. The AC will follow up on the actions taken by the Management and on the recommendations made by the external and internal auditors.

Material associates and joint ventures which the Company does not control are not dealt with for the purposes of this Board opinion.

The Directors have received the management representation letters from the Executive Directors and the CFO of the Company and from the Executive Directors, General Managers and Heads of Finance, Operations and Sales of the key subsidiaries as well as Heads of Group functions in relation to the financial information for the financial year ended 31 March 2022.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022, the Board has received assurance from the Managing Director and CEO as well as the CFO that the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and finances; and the Group's risk management and internal control systems are sufficiently adequate and effective.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

Based on the various management controls put in place, the reports from the external auditors (to the extent as required by them to form an audit opinion on the statutory financial statements), representation letters from the Management, periodic reviews by the Management, and the findings of  the internal auditors, the Board with the concurrence of the AC is of the opinion that the system of internal controls addressing financial, operational, compliance, information technology control and risk management systems, maintained by the Company during the year are adequate and effective.

The Board also notes that all internal control systems and risk management systems contain inherent limitations and no system of internal controls or risk management could provide absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgement in decision making, human error, losses, and/or other irregularities.

As the Group continues to grow its business, the Board will continue to review and take appropriate steps to strengthen the Group's overall system of internal controls and risk management to minimise risks and safeguard shareholders' interests.

## Audit Committee

## Principle 10: The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

The AC currently comprises the following three members, all of whom are Independent Directors:

Chew Choy Seng  (Chairman) Chew Mun Yew Lim Yew Si

None of the AC members is a former partner or director of the Company's existing auditing firm within a period of two years nor has any financial interest in the auditing firm. The Company has adopted and has complied with the principles of corporate governance under the Code in relation to the roles and responsibilities of the AC.

The Board is of the view that the members of the AC are appropriately qualified, having the necessary accounting or related financial management expertise or experience to discharge the AC's responsibilities. As disclosed under Principle 2, Chew Choy Seng and Lim Yew Si are accountancy and financial professional throughout their career.

The AC is governed by its written terms of reference and will focus principally on assisting the Board in fulfilling its duties by providing an independent and objective review of the financial management process, internal controls and the audit function. The AC will meet at least four times a year to perform, inter alia , the following authorities and functions:

## (a) Financial Reporting

The AC reviews the assurance from the CEO and CFO on the financial records and financial statements. The AC also reviews the half yearly and annual results announcements, as well as any formal announcements relating to the Company's financial performance, with the Management and external auditors before submission to the Board for approval, focusing in particular on significant financial reporting issues and judgements; changes in accounting policies and practices, major risk areas; significant adjustments resulting from the audit, compliance with accounting standards and compliance with the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST and any other relevant statutory or regulatory requirements.

## (b) External Audit

The AC reviews, with the external auditors, the audit plans, the audit report and Management's response and actions to correct any noted deficiencies; to discuss problems and concerns, if any, arising from the review and audits; to review the independence of the external auditors annually; and to recommend to the Board the appointment, reappointment or removal of the external auditors and approving the remuneration and terms of the engagement of the external auditors. In addition, the AC meets with the external auditors without the presence of Management at least once a year to discuss any matter that the external auditors may raise during such a meeting.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

## (c) Internal Audit

The AC reviews, with the internal auditors, the internal audit plan, the scope and results of the internal audit including the effectiveness of the internal audit process. It ensures that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Group. It also reviews annually to ensure the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit process and monitors the implementation of Management's response to the internal audit findings to ensure that appropriate follow-up measures are taken.

## (d) Internal Controls

The AC reviews and evaluates with external auditors and internal auditors on the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's system of internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance, information technology controls and risk management systems. The AC may commission an independent audit on internal controls for its assurance, or where it is not satisfied with the system of internal controls.

## (e) Interested Person Transactions

The AC regularly reviews if the Group will be entering into any interested person transactions (' IPT ') and if it does, to ensure that the Group complies with the requisite rules under Chapter 9 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST.

## (f) Whistle-blowing

The AC reviews arrangements by which employees of the Company and of the Group may in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters and ensure that arrangements are in place for the independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow up action. The AC vigorously ensures the identity and safety of employees who come forward are fully protected.

The Company has implemented a whistle blowing policy whereby accessible channels are provided for employees to raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters, which they become aware and to ensure that:

- (i) independent investigations are carried out in an appropriate and timely manner;
- (ii) appropriate action is taken to correct the weaknesses in internal controls and policies which allowed the perpetration of fraud and/or misconduct and to prevent a recurrence; and
- (iii) administrative, disciplinary, civil and/or criminal actions that are initiated following the completion of investigations are  appropriate,  balanced  and  fair,  while  providing  reassurance  that  they  will  be  protected  from  reprisals  or victimisation for whistle-blowing in good faith and without malice.

The AC has full access to the Management and also full discretion to invite any Director or key management personnel to attend its meetings, and has been given reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its function.

The Company's internal audit function was outsourced to TRS Forensics Pte Ltd (' TRS ') until 31 January 2022. TRS is a technology-based risk consulting firm with operations in Singapore, Malaysia and China.  Up till 31 January 2022, they were the internal auditors for more than 10 listed companies in Singapore. Other than internal audit and risk management, their  professional  expertise  include  cybersecurity,  forensic  technology,  investigation  and  data  protection.  Up  till  31 January 2022, TRS was a corporate member of the Institute of Internal Auditors, Singapore. They are also awarded the Data Protection Trustmark by the InfoComm Media Development Authority.

The Head of Internal Audit, who is a Certified Internal Auditor and Chartered Accountant of Singapore, has close to 20 years of external and internal audit experience after graduating from Nanyang Technological University with a Bachelor of Accountancy degree. He was formerly the Head of Internal Audit at Nexia TS Pte Ltd before joining TRS. The team members supporting the Head of Internal Audit included members of the Institute of Internal Auditors, cybersecurity and

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

forensic professionals. The internal audit team was guided by the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by the Institute of Internal Auditors in carrying out its functions.

With effect from February 2022, the Company has appointed NLA Risk Consulting Pte Ltd (' NLA ') to replace TRS as its internal auditors. NLA is part of the NLA DFK Group of Companies which is a Singapore-based mid-tier accounting and advisory firm, providing various professional services for many years here. The firm, with a headcount of more than 100 staffs, is a member of one of the top 10 international association of independent accounting firms and business advisers. NLA is a corporate member of the Institute of Internal Auditors, Singapore.

The Head of Internal Audit is the former Head of Internal Audit at TRS who has joined NLA with effect from February 2022. The team members supporting the Head of Internal Audit include members of the Institute of Internal Auditors and cybersecurity professionals. The internal audit team is guided by the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by the Institute of Internal Auditors in carrying out its functions.

The AC conducts regular meetings with the internal auditors to evaluate the system of internal controls, the review of cybersecurity, their audit findings, the adequacy and the effectiveness of financial, operational and compliance controls at subsidiary level as well as overall risk management of the Company.

The AC is satisfied with the independence, adequacy and effectiveness of its outsourced internal auditors.

In July 2010, SGX and ACRA had launched the 'Guidance to Audit Committees on Evaluation of Quality of Work performed by External Auditors' which aims to facilitate the AC in evaluating the external auditors. Accordingly, the AC had evaluated the performance of the external auditors based on the key indicators of audit quality set out in the said Guidance such as performance, adequacy of resources and experience of their audit engagement partner and auditing team assigned to the Group's audit, the size and complexity of the Group.

In addition, in October 2015, with the support from SGX and Singapore Institute of Directors, ACRA had introduced the 'Audit Quality Indicators (' AQIs ') Disclosure Framework' to assist the AC in evaluating the re-appointment of external auditors based on eight quality markers that correlate closely with audit quality. Accordingly, the AC had evaluated the external auditors based on the eight AQIs at engagement and/or firm-level.

The AC has reviewed the key audit matters disclosed in the independent external auditors' report and is of the view that there is no material inconsistency between the audit procedures adopted by the independent external auditors and Management's assessment and is satisfied that the key audit matters have been appropriately dealt with.

The AC has also undertaken a review of the independence and objectivity of the external auditors. The Company has paid S$272,000 to Messrs Mazars LLP, the external auditors, for the financial year ended 31 March 2022.  There is no nonaudit fee paid to Mazars LLP.

Based on the above review, the AC is of the opinion that Mazars LLP is, and is perceived to be, independent for the purpose of the Group's statutory audit.

The Company has complied with Rules 715 and 716 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST as all significant Singapore based subsidiaries of the Company are audited by Messrs Mazars LLP for the purposes of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Board and the AC are satisfied that the appointment of different auditing firms for the Company's other subsidiaries would not compromise the standard and effectiveness of the audit of the Company.

Accordingly, the AC is satisfied that Rules 712, 715 and 716 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST are complied with and has recommended to the Board of Directors, the re-appointment of the external auditors for approval at the forthcoming AGM.

During the financial year ended 31 March 2022, the AC has met with the external auditors, and with the internal auditors, at least once, separately without the presence of the Management.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

In addition to the activities undertaken to fulfil its responsibilities, the AC is kept abreast by the Management, external auditors on changes to accounting standards, stock exchange rules and other codes and regulations, which could have an impact on the Group's business and financial statements.

There was no IPT during the financial year ended 31 March 2022, the AC is of the opinion that Chapter 9 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST has been complied with. The AC has nevertheless established the necessary review procedures should IPT arise.

In the event that a member of our AC is interested in any matter being considered by our AC, he will abstain from reviewing that particular transaction or voting on that particular resolution.

The AC has, within its terms of reference, the authority to obtain independent professional advice at the Company's expense as and when the need arises.

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

Principle 11: The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the company. The company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

Shareholders are encouraged to attend the AGM to ensure a high level of accountability by the Board and Management and to stay informed of the Group's strategies and growth. The participation of shareholders is encouraged at the Company's AGM. The Chairmen of the AC, RC and NC will be available at the AGM to answer questions relating to the work of these Board Committees. The external auditors will also be present to assist the Directors in addressing any shareholders' queries, including those relating to the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the external auditors' report. The Group fully supports the Code's principle to encourage active shareholders' participation.

During the pandemic period, the Company upholds this principle and encourages shareholders to send in their questions ahead of the AGM held virtually so that the Company could respond to their questions in relation to any resolution set out in the notice of AGM prior to the AGM and the Company's responses could be also read out to the shareholders during the virtual AGM.

If any shareholder is unable to attend, he/she may appoint up to two proxies to vote on his/her behalf at the general meeting through proxy forms sent in advance. The Company's Constitution currently does not allow a member to appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote at the same general meeting unless the member is a relevant intermediary.

A Relevant Intermediary 1 may appoint more than two proxies, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by him (which number and class of shares shall be specified). An investor who holds shares under the Central Provident Fund Investment Scheme (' CPF Investor ') and/or the Supplementary Retirement Scheme (' SRS Investor ')  (as  may be applicable) may attend and cast his/her vote(s) at the general meeting in person. CPF and SRS Investors, who are unable to attend the Meeting but would like to vote, may inform their CPF and/or SRS Approved Nominees to appoint the Chairman of the meeting to act as their proxy, in which case, the CPF and SRS Investors shall be precluded from attending the Meeting.

Each item of special business included in the notice of the annual general meeting will be accompanied by an explanation of the effects of the proposed resolution. Separate resolutions are proposed for substantially separate issues at general meetings.

The Company has decided, for the time being, not to implement voting in absentia through mail, electronic mail or fax until security, integrity and other pertinent issues are satisfactorily resolved.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

In view of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021, the Company's last AGM held on 29 July 2021 (' 2021 AGM ')  was  held by  way  of  electronic  means,  through  'live  webcast'  and  'audio-only  means',  pursuant  to  the  COVID-19  (Temporary Measures)  (Alternative Arrangements  for  Meetings  for  Companies, Variable  Capital  Companies,  Business Trusts,  Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (' COVID-19 Order '). The notice of AGM was not published in the newspaper, but was instead disseminated to Shareholders through publication on SGXNet and the Company's corporate website, in accordance with the alternative arrangements for holding of the AGM pursuant to the COVID-19 Order. The Company had also published a notice to Shareholders, together with the notice of AGM, detailing the alternative arrangements for the 2021 AGM, during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Pursuant to Part 4 of the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) Act 2020, a member of the Company (whether individual or corporate and including a relevant intermediary) entitled to vote at the AGM must appoint the Chairman of the AGM to act as proxy and direct the vote at the AGM. In appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy, a member (whether individual or corporate and including a relevant intermediary) must give specific instructions as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in the form of proxy, failing which the appointment will be treated as invalid. Shareholders participated in the 2021 AGM via electronic means, voting by appointing the Chairman of the 2021 AGM as proxy and their questions (if any) in relation to any resolution set out in the notice of AGM were sent to the Company in advance of the 2021 AGM, and responses to the questions were provided via announcement on SGXNet and the Company's corporate website. The Company did not receive any question from Shareholders before the 2021 AGM.

All Directors, Management, Company Secretary and external auditors were present at the 2021 AGM.

The Company will make an announcement of the detailed results showing the numbers of votes cast for and against each resolution and the respective percentages.

The Company prepares minutes of general meetings that include substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of the meeting, and responses from the Board and Management, if any. Minutes of the 2021 AGM held in 2021 had been published by the Company on its corporate website and on the SGXNet within one (1) month from the date of the 2021 AGM.

The Company has not formally instituted a dividend policy. The issue of payment of dividend is deliberated by the Board at each half yearly result review having regard to various factors, such as operating result, cashflow, capital expenditure, operating expense and business expansion needs. Taking into account the above factors, the Board has not recommended dividends to be paid in respect of FY2022.

1 A Relevant Intermediary is:

a) a banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act 1970 or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a banking corporation, whose business includes the provision of nominee services and who holds shares in that capacity; or

b) a person holding a capital markets services licence to provide custodial services for securities under the Securities Futures Act 2001 and who holds shares in that capacity; or

c) the Central Provident Fund Board established by the Central Provident Fund Act 1953 in respect of shares purchased under the subsidiary legislation made under that Act providing for the making of investments from the contributions and interest standing to the credit of members of the Central Provident Fund, if the Board holds those shares in the capacity of an intermediary pursuant to or in accordance with that subsidiary legislation.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

## Engagement with Shareholders

Principle 12: The company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

In line with the continuous disclosure obligations of the Group, the Company is committed to engage in regular and effective communication with its shareholders. It is the Board's policy that shareholders are informed of all major developments that may have an impact on the Group.  Pertinent information is communicated to shareholders on a timely basis and is made through:

- -annual reports that are prepared and issued to all shareholders;
- -periodic announcements on business progress and operating results;
- -media and investment analysts meetings;
- -circulars and notices to the shareholders;
- -corporate website at http:/ /www.chasen.com.sg; and
- -disclosures to the SGX-ST via SGXNet.

The  Company  believes  that  a  high  standard  of  disclosure  is  crucial  to  raising  the  level  of  corporate  governance.  All information that requires public disclosure is first announced through the SGXNet. The Company has also adopted halfyearly results reporting. Price-sensitive information is publicly released, and is announced within the mandatory period. The Company does not practise selective disclosure. In line with the continuous obligations of the Company under the Listing Rules of the SGX-ST and the Companies Act, the Board's policy is that all shareholders should be informed of all major developments that impact the Group via SGXNet on a timely basis.

Presently, the Company does not have an investor relations policy or protocol in place nor a dedicated inhouse investor relations team, as the Board was of the view that the current communication channels are sufficient and cost-effective. The Company will assess the need to establish an investor policy or protocol or investor relations team as and when it deems necessary. Notwithstanding so, taking into account the communication and dialogue with Shareholders undertaken by the Company as set out above including the engagement of a professional investor relations firm to advise the Company, the Board is of the view that the Company complies with Principle 12 of the Code.

## MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS

## Engagement with Stakeholders

Principle  13:  The  Board  adopts  an  inclusive  approach  by  considering  and  balancing  the  needs  and  interests  of  material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

The  Company  recognises  the  vitality  on  stakeholders'  engagement  for  the  Company's  long-term  sustainability.  The Company has  regularly  engaged  its  stakeholders  through  various  medium  and  channels  to  ensure  that  the  business interests are aligned with those of the stakeholders, to understand and address their concerns so as to improve services and products' standards, as well as to sustain business operations for long-term growth.

The stakeholders have been identified as those who are impacted by the Group's business and operations and those who are similarly able to impact the Group's business and operations. They are namely, customers, shareholders and financial community, employees, suppliers, government and regulatory bodies, local community, and the media. The Group has also undertaken a process to determine the economic, environmental, and social and governance issues, which are

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

important to these stakeholders. These issues form the materiality matrix upon which targets, performance and progress are reviewed and endorsed by the Board annually.

Detailed approach to stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment will be disclosed in the Company's sustainability report for FY2022, which will be published to keep stakeholders informed on the Company's business and operations.

The Company maintains a corporate website at http:/ /www.chasen.com.sg to communicate and engage stakeholders. The corporate website provides, among others, announcements, annual reports, and financial information of the Group, as well as the profiles of the Group, the Directors and the key management personnel.

## DEALINGS IN SECURITIES

The Company has complied with Listing Rule 1207(19) in relation to the best practices on dealings in the securities:-

- (a) The Company had devised and adopted its own internal compliance code to provide guidance to its officers with regards to dealings by the Company and its officers in its securities;
- (b) Officers of the Company are reminded not to deal in the Company's securities on short-term considerations; and
- (c) The Company and its officers should not deal in the Company's shares (i) during the periods commencing one month before the announcement of the Company's half yearly and full year financial statements, ending on the date of the announcement of the relevant results, and (ii) if they are in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information of the Group.

In addition, the Directors and Management are expected to observe the insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in securities within permitted trading period.

## INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

Details of IPT, if any, for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 are disclosed in the audited financial statements. To ensure compliance with the relevant rules under Chapter 9 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST on IPTs, the Board and AC regularly reviews if the Company will be entering into any IPT and if it does, to ensure that the Company complies with the requisite rules under Chapter 9 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST. When a potential conflict of interest arises, the Director concerned does not participate in discussions and refrains from exercising any influence over other members of the Board.

There was no IPT exceeding S$100,000 for the financial year under review.

## MATERIAL CONTRACTS

Other than disclosed in the audited financial statements, there was no material contract entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries involving the interest of any Director or controlling shareholder subsisting as at the end of the financial year ended 31 March 2022.

## CONTENTS T A B L E O F

| Directors' Statement  47  Independent Auditors' Report to the Members of Chasen Holdings Limited  50  Consolidated	Statement	of	Profit	or	Loss	and	Other	Comprehensive	Income  56  Statements	of	Financial	Position  57  Statements of Changes in Equity  59  Consolidated	Statement	of	Cash	Flows  64  Notes	to	the	Financial	Statements  66  Statistics	of	Shareholdings  143  Notice	of	Annual	General	Meeting  145  Proxy Form   |
|---|

The	 directors	 are	 pleased	 to	 present	 their	 statement	 to	 the	 members	 together	 with	 the	 audited	 consolidated	 financial statements	of	Chasen	Holdings	Limited	(the	'Company')	and	its	subsidiaries	(collectively,	the	'Group'),	and	the	statement	of financial	position	and	statement	of	changes	in	equity	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022.

## 1. Opinion of the directors

In	the	opinion	of	the	directors,

- (a) the	consolidated	financial	statements	of	the	Group,	and	the	statement	of	financial	position	and	the	statement of	changes	in	equity	of	the	Company	are	drawn	up	so	as	to	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of	the	financial	position of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	as	at	31	March	2022	and	the	financial	performance,	changes	in	equity	and cash	flows	of	the	Group	and	changes	in	equity	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	on	that	date,	in accordance	with	the	provisions	of	the	Singapore	Companies	Act	1967	(the	'Act')	and	Singapore	Financial Reporting	Standards	(International);	and
- (b) at	the	date	of	this	statement,	there	are	reasonable	grounds	to	believe	that	the	Company	will	be	able	to	pay its	debts	as	and	when	they	fall	due.

## 2. Directors

The	directors	of	the	Company	in	office	at	the	date	of	this	statement	are:

Executive	directors Low	Weng	Fatt Siah Boon Hock

Independent directors Chew Choy Seng Chew Mun Yew Lim Yew Si

## 3. Arrangements to enable directors to acquire shares or debentures

Neither	at	the	end	of	nor	at	any	time	during	the	financial	year	was	the	Company	a	party	to	any	arrangement	whose objects	were,	or	one	of	the	objects	was,	to	enable	the	directors	of	the	Company	to	acquire	benefits	by	means	of the	acquisition	of	shares	in,	or	debentures	of,	the	Company	or	any	other	body	corporate,	except	as	disclosed	in paragraphs	4,	5	and	6	below.

## 4. Directors' interests in shares, warrants or debentures

The	directors	of	the	Company	holding	office	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year	had	no	interests	in	the	share	capital, warrants	and	debentures	of	the	Company	and	its	related	corporations	as	recorded	in	the	Register	of	Directors' Shareholdings	kept	by	the	Company	under	Section	164	of	the	Act,	except	as	disclosed	below:

| Direct interest  Deemed interest  Name of the directors and  respective companies in  which interests are held  At beginning  of the  financial year  At end  of the  financial year  At beginning  of the  financial year  At end  of the  financial year  The Company  Number of ordinary shares  Low Weng Fatt  (i)  50,883,708  50,883,708  662,500  662,500  Siah Boon Hock  10,824,901  10,824,901  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Directors' interests in shares, warrants or debentures (Continued)

There	was	no	change	in	any	of	the	above	mentioned	interests	between	the	end	of	the	financial	year	and	21	April 2022.

Notes:

(i) Low	Weng	Fatt	is	deemed	to	be	interested	in	the	662,500	shares	held	by	his	spouse.

## 5. Chasen Performance Share Plan

The	Chasen	Performance	Share	Plan	2017	(the	'Plan	2017')	which	was	proposed	to	replace	the	expired	Chasen Performance	Share	Plan	2007	(the	'Plan	2007'),	was	approved	and	adopted	by	the	members	of	the	Company	at	the Extraordinary	General	Meeting	held	on	28	July	2017.	Under	the	new	Plan	2017,	there	is	no	significant	change	in terms	of	administration,	rights	and	rationale	as	compared	to	the	expired	Plan	2007.

The	Plan	2017	is	administered	by	the	Remuneration	Committee	which	comprises	Chew	Mun	Yew	(Chairman),	Chew Choy	Seng	and	Lim	Yew	Si.

Under	the	Plan	2017,	eligible	participants	are	conferred	rights	by	the	Company	on	shares	to	be	issued	or	transferred ('Awards').	The	Plan	2017	contemplates	the	award	of	fully	paid	shares	free	of	charge	when	and	after	pre-determined performance	or	service	conditions	are	accomplished	and/or	due	recognition	is	given	to	any	good	work	performance and/or	any	significant	contribution	to	the	Company.

The	rationale	 of	 the	 share-based	 incentive	 scheme	 is	 to	 provide	 an	 opportunity	 for	 the	 directors	 and	 full-time employees	of	the	Group	to	participate	in	the	equity	of	the	Company	so	as	to	align	their	interest	with	that	of	the shareholders.	It	would	also	give	recognition	to	employees	of	the	Group	who	have	contributed	to	its	success	and	to motivate	them	to	greater	dedication,	loyalty	and	higher	standard	of	performance.	The	participants	are	not	required to	pay	for	the	grant	of	Awards	or	for	the	shares	allocated	pursuant	to	the	Awards.

As	at	31	March	2022,	no	performance	shares	are	awarded	under	the	Plan	2017.

## 6. Share	options

There	were	no	share	options	granted	by	the	Company	or	its	subsidiaries	during	the	financial	year.

There	were	no	shares	issued	during	the	financial	year	by	virtue	of	the	exercise	of	options	to	take	up	unissued	shares of	the	Company	or	its	subsidiaries.

There	were	no	unissued	shares	under	option	in	the	Company	or	its	subsidiaries	as	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year.

## 7. Audit Committee

The	Audit	Committee	('AC')	of	the	Company	comprises	three	non-executive	directors.	The	members	of	the	AC	at the	date	of	this	statement	are:

Chew Choy Seng (Chairman) Chew Mun Yew Lim Yew Si

The	AC	has	convened	four	meetings	during	the	financial	year	with	key	management.	The	AC	has	also	met	with internal	and	external	auditors,	without	the	presence	of	the	Company's	management,	at	least	once	a	year.

The	AC	carried	out	its	functions	in	accordance	with	Section	201B(5)	of	the	Act.	In	performing	those	functions,	the AC	review:

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## 7. Audit Committee (Continued)

- (i) the	audit	plan	and	results	of	the	external	audit,	including	the	evaluation	of	internal	accounting	controls	and its	cost	effectiveness,	and	the	independence	and	objectivity	of	the	external	auditors,	including	the	review of	the	extent	of	non-audit	services	provided	by	the	external	auditors	to	the	Group,	and	the	assistance	given by	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	management	to	the	external	auditors;
- (ii) the	audit	plan	of	the	internal	auditors	of	the	Group,	the	evaluation	of	the	adequacy	of	the	Group's	system of	internal	accounting	controls,	and	the	assistance	given	by	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	management to	the	internal	auditors;
- (iii) the	Group's	annual	financial	statements	and	the	external	auditors'	report	on	the	annual	financial	statements of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	before	their	submission	to	the	Board	of	Directors;
- (iv) the	half-yearly	announcements	as	well	as	the	related	press	releases	on	the	results	of	the	Group	and	financial position	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company;
- (v) the	 effectiveness	 of	 the	 Group's	 and	 the	 Company's	 material	 internal	 controls,	 including	 financial, operational,	compliance	and	information	technology	controls,	and	risk	management	systems	via	reviews carried	out	by	the	internal	auditors;
- (vi) met	with	 the	 external	 auditors,	 other	 committees,	 and	 management	 in	 separate	 executive	 sessions	 to discuss	any	matters	that	these	groups	believe	should	be	discussed	privately	with	the	AC;
- (vii) the	Group's	compliance	with	legal	requirements	and	regulations,	including	the	related	compliance	policies and	programmes	and	reports	received	from	regulators;
- (viii) the	 interested	 person	 transactions	 in	 accordance	with	 Singapore	 Exchange	 Securities	Trading	 Limited's Listing	Manual;
- (ix) the	 nomination	 of	 external	 auditors	 recommended	 to	 the	 Board	 of	 Directors	 and	 approves	 their compensation;	and
- (x) the	submission	of	report	of	actions	and	minutes	of	the	 AC	to	the	Board	of	Directors	 with	any	recommendations as	the	AC	considers	appropriate.

The	AC	has	full	access	to	and	has	the	co-operation	of	the	management	and	has	been	given	the	resources	required for	it	to	discharge	its	functions	properly.	It	also	has	full	discretion	to	invite	any	director	and	executive	officer	to attend	its	meetings.	The	external	and	internal	auditors	have	unrestricted	access	to	the	AC.

The	AC	is	satisfied	with	the	independence	and	objectivity	of	the	external	auditors	and	has	recommended	to	the Board	of	Directors	that	the	auditors,	Mazars	LLP,	be	nominated	for	re-appointment	as	auditors	at	the	forthcoming Annual	General	Meeting	of	the	Company.

## 8. Auditors

The	auditors,	Mazars	LLP,	have	expressed	their	willingness	to	accept	re-appointment.

On	behalf	of	the	Board	of	Directors

Low Weng Fatt Director

Siah Boon Hock Director

Singapore 30	June	2022

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements

## Opinion

We	have	audited	the	financial	statements	of	Chasen	Holdings	Limited	(the	'Company')	and	its	subsidiaries	(the	'Group')	which comprise	the	statements	of	financial	position	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	as	at	31	March	2022,	and	the	statements	of profit	or	loss	and	other	comprehensive	income,	changes	in	equity	and	cash	flows	of	the	Group,	and	the	statement	of	changes in	equity	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	then	ended,	and	notes	to	the	financial	statements,	including	a	summary	of significant	accounting	policies	and	other	explanatory	information	as	set	out	on	pages	56	to	142.

In	our	opinion,	the	accompanying	consolidated	financial	statements	of	the	Group,	and	the	statement	of	financial	position and the	statement	of	changes	in	equity	of	the	Company	are	properly	drawn	up	in	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	the	Companies Act	1967	(the	'Act')	and	Singapore	Financial	Reporting	Standards	(International)	('SFRS(I)s')	so	as	to	give	a	true	and	fair	view of	the	financial	position	of	the	Group	and	of	the	Company	as	at	31	March	2022	and	of	the	financial	performance,	changes	in equity	and	cash	flows	of	the	Group	and	changes	in	equity	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	on	that	date.

## Basis for Opinion

We	conducted	our	audit	in	accordance	with	Singapore	Standards	on	Auditing	('SSAs').	Our	responsibilities	under	those standards	are	further	described	in	the	Auditors'	Responsibilities	for	the	Audit	of	the	Financial	Statements	section	of	our report.	We	are	independent	of	the	Group	in	accordance	with	the	Accounting	and	Corporate	Regulatory	Authority	('ACRA') Code	of	Professional	Conduct	and	Ethics	for	Public	Accountants	and	Accounting	Entities	('ACRA	code')	together	with	the ethical	requirements	that	are	relevant	to	our	audit	of	the	financial	statements	in	Singapore,	and	we	have	fulfilled	our	other ethical	responsibilities	in	accordance	with	these	requirements	and	the	ACRA	code.	We	believe	that	the	audit	evidence	we have	obtained	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for	our	opinion.

## Overview

## Audit Approach

We	designed	a	risk-based	audit	approach	in	identifying	and	assessing	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	at	both	the	financial statement	and	assertion	levels.

## Materiality

As	in	all	our	audits,	we	exercised	our	professional	judgement	in	determining	our	materiality,	which	was	also	affected	by	our perception	of	the	financial	information	needs	of	the	users	of	the	financial	statements,	being	the	magnitude	of	misstatement in	the	financial	statements	that	makes	it	probable	for	a	reasonably	knowledgeable	person	to	change	or	be	influenced	in	his economic	decision.

## Scope of audit

For	the	audit	of	the	current	financial	year's	financial	statements,	we	identified	10	significant	components	which	required	a	full scope	audit	of	their	financial	information,	either	because	of	their	size	or/and	their	risk	characteristics.

Out	of	the	10	significant	components,	7	were	audited	by	component	auditors	under	our	instructions	and	the	remaining	3 were	audited	by	us.	We	determined	the	component	materiality	and	our	level	of	involvement	in	their	audit	necessary	for	us,	in our	professional	judgement,	to	obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	as	a	basis	for	our	opinion	on	the	Group's	financial statements	as	a	whole.

## Area of focus

We	focused	our	resources	and	effort	on	areas	which	were	assessed	to	have	higher	risks	of	material	misstatement,	including areas	which	involve	significant	judgements	and	estimates	to	be	made	by	directors.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements (Continued)

## Key	Audit	Matters

Key	audit	matters	are	those	matters	that,	in	our	professional	judgement,	were	of	most	significance	in	our	audit	of	the	financial statements	of	the	current	financial	year.	These	matters	include	the	salient	areas	of	focus	in	our	audit	and	do	not	represent all	the	risks	identified	by	our	audit.	These	matters	were	addressed	in	the	context	of	our	audit	of	the	financial	statements	as	a whole,	and	in	forming	our	opinion	thereon,	and	we	do	not	provide	a	separate	opinion	on	these	matters.

## Matter

## Impairment assessment of goodwill (refer to Note 3.2 and Note 15 to the financial statements)

As	at	31	March	2022,	the	Group	has	recognized	goodwill on consolidation with carrying value amounting to S$10,559,000	(2021:	S$10,559,000).

In	 accordance	 with	 SFRS(I)	 1-36 Impairment  of  Assets , goodwill	acquired	in	a	business	combination	is	required	to be	tested	for	impairment,	at	least	annually.

The	 goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated	to	the	groups	of	cash-generating	units	('CGU') that	 are	 expected	 to	 benefit	 from	 the	 synergies	 of	 that business	combination.	Management	assessed	the	groups of	CGU	for	impairment	annually	or	more	frequently	when there	is	an	indication	that	the	unit	may	be	impaired.

The	 recoverable	 amounts	 of	 the	 groups	 of	 CGU	 are determined	 based	 on	 estimates	 of	 forecasted	 revenues, growth	 rates,	 gross	 margins	 and	 discount	 rates.	 These estimates	are	inherently	subject	to	estimation	uncertainties and	hence	Management's	determination	of	the	recoverable amounts	is	a	key	audit	matter	for	our	audit.

## Audit response

Our	audit	procedures	included,	and	were	not	limited	to,	the following:

- We	evaluated	the	process	by	which	management	prepared its	 cash	 flow	 forecasts	 and	 compared	 them	 against	 the latest	 Board	 approved	 financial	 budgets	 and	 management approved	forecast;
- We	discussed	with	management	on	their	planned	strategies, revenue	 stream	 growth	 strategies	 and	 cost	 initiatives, the	 progress	 of	 negotiations	 with	 target	 customers,	 and obtained	the	list	of	secured	and	tendered	contracts;
- We	evaluated	the	reasonableness	of	management's	estimate of	expected	future	cash	flows	and	challenged	management's key	assumptions	and	estimates	applied	in	the	value-in-use models,	 with	 comparison	 to	 recent	 performance,	 trend analysis,	market	expectations,	and	historical	accuracy	of	the plans	and	forecasts;	and
- We	reviewed	the	sensitivity	 analysis	 to	 assess	 the	 impact on	 the	 recoverable	 amount	 of	 the	 CGU	 subsequent	 to reasonably	 possible	 changes	 to	 the	 key	 assumptions	 for adequacy	of	disclosure	in	the	financial	statements.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements (Continued)

Key	Audit	Matters	(Continued)

## Matter

## Audit response

## Valuation of trade receivables (refer to Note 3.2, Note 22 and Note 40 to the financial statements)

As	at	31	March	2022,	the	Group	reported	trade	receivables with	 carrying	 amount	 of	 approximately	 S$48,602,000 (2021:	S$43,680,000),	net	of	allowance	for	expected	credit losses	 ('ECL'),	 which	 represents	 51.8%	 (2021:	 53.1%)	 of the	Group's	current	assets.

Consequent to the adoption of SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments ('SFRS(I)	9'),	Management	used	an	allowance matrix	to	estimate	ECL	for	trade	receivables.	The	ECL	rates were	based	on	the	Group's	historical	loss	experience	of	the customers,	for	the	last	three	years	prior	to	the	reporting date	 for	 various	 customer	 groups	 that	 were	 assessed through	 an	 age	 analysis	 and	 by	 geographical	 locations, adjusted	for	forward	looking	factors	specific	to	the	debtors and	 the	 economic	 environment	 which	 could	 affect	 the ability	of	the	debtors	to	settle	the	trade	receivables.

As	 the	 determination	 of	 the	 ECL	 requires	 significant judgement	 of	 management	 and	 in	 consideration	 of	 the significance	of	trade	receivables	in	the	Group,	we	consider management's	assessment	and	application	of	SFRS(I)	9	to the	impairment	of	trade	receivables	as	a	key	audit	matter.

Our	audit	procedures	included,	and	were	not	limited	to,	the following:

- We	 obtained	 an	 understanding	 of	 the	 Group's	 process in  assessing  and  determining  the  loss  rates  used  in  their allowance	matrix;
- We	reviewed	the	appropriateness	of	the	bases	of	the	Group for	 determining	 the	 loss	 rates,	 with	 reference	 to	 also	 the historical payment trends of its customers in the past three financial	years	analyzed	by	past	due	dates	and	the	customers' geographical	locations,	adjusted	for	the	Group's	outlook	of the	macro-economic	environment	and	conditions	in	which its	 customers	 operate	 in,	 and	 considered	 the	 subsequent receipts,	where	applicable;
- For	long	outstanding	receivables,	we	performed	background checks	on	the	customers	to	assess	whether	the	receivables could	be	credit	impaired;
- Compared	 management's	 assumptions	 for	 both	 collective and individual impairment allowances to externally available	industry,	financial	and	economic	data	and	our	own assessments	in	relation	to	key	inputs,	including	background checks	on	the	corresponding	customers'	financial	standing and	 researched	 for	 any	 adverse	 news	 relating	 to	 these customers'	operations	or	financial	positions;	and
- We	 reviewed	 the	 appropriateness	 and	 sufficiency	 of	 the corresponding	disclosures	made	in	the	financial	statements.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements (Continued)

Key	Audit	Matters	(Continued)

| ## Matter  ## Audit response  ## Fair value of land and buildings ( refer to Note 3.2, Note 12 and Note 40 to the financial statements)  As	 at	 31	 March	 2022,	 the	 Group's	 land	 and	 buildings amounted	to	S$43,903,000	(2021:	S$39,111,000) which represents	 46.0%	 (2021:	 43.6%)	 of	 the	 Group's	 non- current	assets.  The	 Group's land and buildings are	 measured	 using revaluation	 model.	The	 revaluation	 is	 performed	 at	 least once every year based on independent professional valuations.  In	 preparing	 the	 valuation	 reports,	 some	 of	 the	 factors considered	by	the	professional	valuers	include	the	current market	 conditions	 of	 the	 land	 and	 buildings,	 the	 recent market	sales	of	the	similar	properties,	the	specification,	and conditions	of	each	property	as	well	as	the	cost	to	a	market participant	buyer	to	acquire	or	construct	a	substitute	asset of	comparable	properties,	adjusted	for	obsolescence	of	the properties.  Due	to	the	high	level	of	judgement	involved	in	estimating the	fair	value	and	the	significance	of	the	carrying	amount of	these	assets,	we	determined	this	as	a	key	audit	matter.  Our	audit	procedures	included,	and	were	not	limited	to,	the following:  - We	assessed	the	competence,	capabilities	and	objectivity	of the	valuers	engaged	by	the	Group;  - We	obtained	an	understanding	of	the	different	techniques used	 by	 the	 valuers	 in	 determining	 the	 valuations	 of	 the assets;  - We discussed the critical assumptions made by the professional	valuers	for	the	key	inputs	used	in	the	valuation techniques  and  assessed  the  reasonableness  of  the  key assumptions	used	by	the	valuers	in	the	valuation;	and  -  We	 reviewed	 the	 appropriateness	 and	 sufficiency	 of	 the corresponding	disclosures	made	in	the	financial	statements due	to	the	change	in	accounting	policies.   |
|---|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements (Continued)

## Other Information

Management	is	responsible	for	the	other	information.	The	other	information	comprises	the	information	included	in	the annual	report,	other	than	the	financial	statements	and	the	independent	auditors'	report	thereon,	which	we	obtained	prior	to the	date	of	this	report.

Our	opinion	on	the	financial	statements	does	not	cover	the	other	information	and	we	will	not	express	any	form	of	assurance conclusion	thereon.

In	connection	with	our	audit	of	the	financial	statements,	our	responsibility	is	to	read	the	other	information	identified	above and,	 in	 doing	 so,	 consider	whether	 the	 other	 information	 is	 materially	 inconsistent	with	 the	 financial	 statements	 or	 our knowledge	obtained	in	the	audit,	or	otherwise	appears	to	be	materially	misstated.

If,	 based	on	the	work	we	have	performed	on	the	other	information	that	we	obtained	prior	to	the	date	of	this	report,	we conclude	that	there	is	a	material	misstatement	of	this	other	information,	we	are	required	to	report	that	fact.	We	have	nothing to	report	in	this	regard.

## Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements

Management	is	responsible	for	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	that	give	a	true	and	fair	view	in	accordance	with	the provisions	of	the	Act	and	SFRS(I)s,	and	for	devising	and	maintaining	a	system	of	internal	accounting	controls	sufficient	to provide	reasonable	assurance	that	assets	are	safeguarded	against	loss	from	unauthorized	use	or	disposition;	and	transactions are	properly	authorized	and	that	they	are	recorded	as	necessary	to	permit	the	preparation	of	true	and	fair	financial	statements and	to	maintain	accountability	of	assets.

In	preparing	the	financial	statements,	management	is	responsible	for	assessing	the	Group's	ability	to	continue	as	a	going concern,	disclosing,	as	applicable,	matters	related	to	going	concern	and	using	the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	unless management	either	intends	to	liquidate	the	Group	or	to	cease	operations,	or	has	no	realistic	alternative	but	to	do	so.

The	directors'	responsibilities	include	overseeing	the	Group's	financial	reporting	process.

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our	objectives	are	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	financial	statements	as	a	whole	are	free	from	material misstatement,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error,	and	to	issue	an	auditors'	report	that	includes	our	opinion.	Reasonable	assurance is	a	high	level	of	assurance,	but	is	not	a	guarantee	that	an	audit	conducted	in	accordance	with	SSAs	will	always	detect	a material	misstatement	when	it	exists.	Misstatements	can	arise	from	fraud	or	error	and	are	considered	material	if,	individually or	in	the	aggregate,	they	could	reasonably	be	expected	to	influence	the	economic	decisions	of	users	taken	on	the	basis	of these	financial	statements.

As	 part	 of	 an	 audit	 in	 accordance	 with	 SSAs,	 we	 exercise	 professional	 judgement	 and	 maintain	 professional	 scepticism throughout	the	audit.	We	also:

- Identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	financial	statements,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error,	design and	perform	audit	procedures	responsive	to	those	risks,	and	obtain	audit	evidence	that	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to provide	a	basis	for	our	opinion.	The	risk	of	not	detecting	a	material	misstatement	resulting	from	fraud	is	higher	than for	one	resulting	from	error,	as	fraud	may	involve	collusion,	forgery,	intentional	omissions,	misrepresentations,	or	the override	of	internal	control.
- Obtain	an	understanding	of	internal	control	relevant	to	the	audit	in	order	to	design	audit	procedures	that	are	appropriate in	 the	 circumstances,	 but	 not	 for	 the	 purpose	 of	 expressing	 an	 opinion	 on	 the	 effectiveness	 of	 the	 Group's	 internal control.
- Evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	accounting	policies	used	and	the	reasonableness	of	accounting	estimates	and	related disclosures	made	by	management.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Report on the Audit of Financial Statements (Continued)

Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

- Conclude	on	the	appropriateness	of	management's	use	of	the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	and,	based	on	the	audit evidence	obtained,	whether	a	material	uncertainty	exists	related	to	events	or	conditions	that	may	cast	significant	doubt on	the	Group's	ability	to	continue	as	a	going	concern.	If	we	conclude	that	a	material	uncertainty	exists,	we	are	required to	draw	attention	in	our	auditors'	report	to	the	related	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements	or,	if	such	disclosures	are inadequate,	to	modify	our	opinion.	Our	conclusions	are	based	on	the	audit	evidence	obtained	up	to	the	date	of	our auditors'	report.	However,	future	events	or	conditions	may	cause	the	Group	to	cease	to	continue	as	a	going	concern.
- Evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	financial	statements,	including	the	disclosures,	and	whether the	financial	statements	represent	the	underlying	transactions	and	events	in	a	manner	that	achieves	fair	presentation.
- Obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the	financial	information	of	the	entities	or	business	activities within	the	Group	to	express	an	opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	We	are	responsible	for	the	direction, supervision	and	performance	of	the	group	audit.	We	remain	solely	responsible	for	our	audit	opinion.

We	communicate	with	the	directors	regarding,	among	other	matters,	the	planned	scope	and	timing	of	the	audit	and	significant audit	findings,	including	any	significant	deficiencies	in	internal	control	that	we	identify	during	our	audit.

We	 also	 provide	 the	 directors	 with	 a	 statement	 that	 we	 have	 complied	 with	 relevant	 ethical	 requirements	 regarding independence,	and	to	communicate	with	them	all	relationships	and	other	matters	that	may	reasonably	be	thought	to	bear	on our	independence,	and	where	applicable,	related	safeguards.

From	the	matters	communicated	with	the	directors,	we	determine	those	matters	that	were	of	most	significance	in	the	audit of	the	financial	statements	of	the	current	financial	year	and	are	therefore	the	key	audit	matters.	We	describe	these	matters in	 our	 auditors'	 report	 unless	 law	 or	 regulation	 precludes	 public	 disclosure	 about	the	matter	or	when,	in	extremely	rare circumstances,	we	determine	that	a	matter	should	not	be	communicated	in	our	report	because	the	adverse	consequences	of doing	so	would	reasonably	be	expected	to	outweigh	the	public	interest	benefits	of	such	communication.

## Report	on	Other	Legal	and	Regulatory	Requirements

In	our	opinion,	the	accounting	and	other	records	required	by	the	Act	to	be	kept	by	the	Company	and	by	those	subsidiary corporations	 incorporated	 in	 Singapore	 of	 which	 we	 are	 the	 auditors	 have	 been	 properly	 kept	 in	 accordance	 with	 the provisions	of	the	Act.

The	engagement	partner	on	the	audit	resulting	in	this	independent	auditors'	report	is	Chan	Hock	Leong.

MAZARS LLP

Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore 30	June	2022

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

| Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Revenue  4  165,194  130,723  Cost of sales  (136,102)  (106,464)  Gross profit  29,092  24,259  Other	operating	income  5  4,830  5,444  Distribution	and	selling	expenses  (6,435)  (6,745)  Administrative	expenses  (15,373)  (14,460)  Other	operating	expenses  (2,950)  (1,769)  Finance expenses  6  (2,681)  (2,099)  Profit before income tax  7  6,483  4,630  Income tax expense  9  (2,231)  (1,188)  PROFIT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR  4,252  3,442  Other comprehensive income/(loss):  Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  Net	loss	on	fair	value	changes	of	other	investments  19  (4,632)  (523)  Gain	on	revaluation	of	leasehold	land	and	buildings	and	land	use	rights  4,830  6,101  Realization	of	reserve	upon	deregistration	of	subsidiaries  -  (20)  Other comprehensive income for the financial year that will not be  reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax  198  5,558  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  Exchange	differences	on	translating	foreign	operations  480  (122)  Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the financial year that may be  reclassified to profit or loss, net of tax  480  (122)  Total other comprehensive income for the financial year, net of tax  678  5,436  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE  FINANCIAL YEAR  4,930  8,878  Profit for the financial year attributable to:  Owners	of	the	Company  3,106  1,737  Non-controlling	interests  1,146  1,705  Profit for the financial year  4,252  3,442  Total comprehensive income for the financial year attributable to:  Owners	of	the	Company  3,574  7,196  Non-controlling	interests  1,356  1,682  Total comprehensive income for the financial year  4,930  8,878  Earning per share attributable to owners of the Company  (cents per share)  Basic  10  0.80  0.45  Diluted  10  0.80  0.45   |
|---|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As At 31 March 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Investment	properties  11  930  850  6,000  5,900  Property,	plant	and	equipment  12  81,047  70,877  564  594  Investments	in	subsidiaries  13  -  -  37,150  37,150  Investment	in	associate  14  -  -  -  -  Goodwill	on	consolidation  15  10,559  10,559  -  -  Intangible assets  16  -  -  -  -  Land use rights  17  1,292  1,254  -  -  Club membership  18  1  2  -  -  Other	investments  19  -  4,632  -  -  Trade	receivables  22  271  -  -  -  Other	receivables,	deposits	and	prepayments  23  -  279  -  -  Deferred tax assets  31  1,251  1,244  -  -  Total non-current assets  95,351  89,697  43,714  43,644  Current assets  Inventories  20  8,157  6,243  -  -  Contract assets  21  1,008  1,009  -  -  Trade	receivables  22  48,602  43,680  -  -  Other	receivables,	deposits	and	prepayments  23  16,858  15,301  81  52  Amounts due from subsidiaries  24  -  -  45,725  46,405  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  25  19,132  16,070  326  470  Total current assets  93,757  82,303  46,132  46,927  Total assets  189,108  172,000  89,846  90,571  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  Share capital  26  53,086  53,086  82,614  82,614  Treasury shares  27  (145)  (145)  (145)  (145)  Other	reserves  28  (630)  (834)  (5,120)  (5,120)  Retained	profits  12,181  9,075  1,535  2,228  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  64,492  61,182  78,884  79,577  Non-controlling interests  7,066  5,486  -  -  Total equity  71,558  66,668  78,884  79,577  Non-current liabilities  Bank loans  29  23,132  21,115  3,548  5,120  Lease	liabilities  30  12,043  8,272  568  591  Deferred	tax	liabilities  31  3,732  2,367  -  -  Total non-current liabilities  38,907  31,754  4,116  5,711   |
|---|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As At 31 March 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Current liabilities  Bank loans  29  41,686  36,701  6,391  4,826  Lease	liabilities  30  7,485  6,332  22  22  Trade payables  32  18,747  20,670  -  -  Other	payables	and	accruals  33  9,635  9,104  433  435  Income tax payable  1,090  771  -  -  Total current liabilities  78,643  73,578  6,846  5,283  Total liabilities  117,550  105,332  10,962  10,994  Total equity and liabilities  189,108  172,000  89,846  90,571   |
|---|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.

## STATEMENTS OF

## CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.

| Attributable to owners of the Company  2022  Group  Note  Equity,  total  S$'000  Equity  attributable  to owners  of the  Company,  total  S$'000  Share  capital  S$'000  Treasury  shares  S$'000  Retained  profits  S$'000  Other  reserves,  total  S$'000  Capital  reserve  S$'000  Assets  revaluation  reserve  S$'000  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  S$'000  Fair value  adjustment  reserve  S$'000  Non-  controlling  interests  S$'000  Balance at 1 April 2021  66,668  61,182  53,086  (145)  9,075  (834)  (491)  6,101  (1,224)  (5,220)  5,486  Profit for the financial year  4,252  3,106  -  -  3,106  -  -  -  -  -  1,146  Other comprehensive  income/(loss)  Net loss on fair value changes  of other investments  19  (4,632)  (4,632)  -  -  -  (4,632)  -  -  -  (4,632)  -  Gain on revaluation of leasehold  land and buildings and land  use rights  4,830  4,652  -  -  -  4,652  -  4,652  -  -  178  Exchange differences on translating  foreign operations  480  448  -  -  -  448  -  -  448  -  32  Other comprehensive income/  (loss) for the financial year,  net of tax  678  468  -  -  -  468  -  4,652  448  (4,632)  210  Total comprehensive income  (loss) for the financial year  4,930  3,754  -  -  3,106  468  -  4,652  448  (4,632)  1,356   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.

| Attributable to owners of the Company  2022  Group  Note  Equity,  total  S$'000  Equity  attributable  to owners  of the  Company,  total  S$'000  Share  capital  S$'000  Treasury  shares  S$'000  Retained  profits  S$'000  Other  reserves,  total  S$'000  Capital  reserve  S$'000  Assets  revaluation  reserve  S$'000  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  S$'000  Fair value  adjustment  reserve  S$'000  Non-  controlling  interests  S$'000  Contribution by and distribution  to owners  Dividend paid to non-controlling  interest  (80)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (80)  Total contributions by and  distributions to owners  (80)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (80)  Changes in ownership interests  in subsidiary  Dilution	of	a	subsidiary	without	a  change in control  13(a)  -  (240)  -  -  -  (240)  (240)  -  -  -  240  Additional	capital	investment	in  a subsidiary  40  (24)  -  -  -  (24)  (24)  -  -  -  64  Total change in ownership  interest in subsidiaries  40  (264)  -  -  -  (264)  (264)  -  -  -  304  Total transactions with owners  in their capacity as owners  (40)  (264)  -  -  -  (264)  (264)  -  -  -  224  Balance at 31 March 2022  71,558  64,492  53,086  (145)  12,181  (630)  (755)  10,753  (776)  (9,852)  7,066   |
|---|

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.

| Attributable to owners of the Company  2021  Group  Note  Equity,  total  S$'000  Equity  attributable  to owners  of the  Company,  total  S$'000  Share  capital  S$'000  Treasury  shares  S$'000  Retained  profits  S$'000  Other  reserves,  total  S$'000  Capital  reserve  S$'000  Assets  revaluation  reserve  S$'000  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  S$'000  Fair value  adjustment  reserve  S$'000  Non-  controlling  interests  S$'000  Balance at 1 April 2020  58,222  53,854  53,086  (145)  7,267  (6,354)  (560)  -  (1,097)  (4,697)  4,368  Profit for the financial year  3,442  1,737  -  -  1,737  -  -  -  -  -  1,705  Other comprehensive  income/(loss)  Net loss on fair value changes  of other investments  19  (523)  (523)  -  -  -  (523)  -  -  -  (523)  -  Gain on revaluation of leasehold  land and buildings and land  use rights  6,101  6,101  -  -  -  6,101  -  6,101  -  -  -  Realization of reserve upon  deregistration of subsidiaries  (20)  (20)  -  -  71  (91)  (71)  -  (20)  -  -  Exchange differences on translating  foreign operations  (122)  (99)  -  -  -  (99)  -  -  (99)  -  (23)  Other comprehensive income/  (loss) for the financial year,  net of tax  5,436  5,459  -  -  71  5,388  (71)  6,101  (119)  (523)  (23)  Total comprehensive income/  (loss) for the financial year  8,878  7,196  -  -  1,808  5,388  (71)  6,101  (119)  (523)  1,682   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.

| Attributable to owners of the Company  2021  Group  Note  Equity,  total  S$'000  Equity  attributable  to owners  of the  Company,  total  S$'000  Share  capital  S$'000  Treasury  shares  S$'000  Retained  profits  S$'000  Other  reserves,  total  S$'000  Capital  reserve  S$'000  Assets  revaluation  reserve  S$'000  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  S$'000  Fair value  adjustment  reserve  S$'000  Non-  controlling  interests  S$'000  Changes in ownership  interests in subsidiaries  Acquisition	of	a	subsidiary  without a change in control  13(b)  (401)  132  -  -  -  132  140  -  (8)  -  (533)  De-registration of subsidiaries  (31)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (31)  Total change in ownership  interest in subsidiaries  (432)  132  -  -  -  132  140  -  (8)  -  (564)  Total transactions with  owners in their capacity  as owners  (432)  132  -  -  -  132  140  -  (8)  -  (564)  Balance at 31 March 2021  66,668  61,182  53,086  (145)  9,075  (834)  (491)  6,101  (1,224)  (5,220)  5,486   |
|---|

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.

| 2022  Company  Note  Equity, total  S$'000  Share capital  S$'000  Treasury shares  S$'000  Retained profits  S$'000  Other reserves,  total  S$'000  Capital  reserve  S$'000  Fair value  adjustment  reserve  S$'000  Balance at 1 April 2021  79,577  82,614  (145)  2,228  (5,120)  100  (5,220)  Loss for the financial year  (693)  -  -  (693)  -  -  -  Balance at 31 March 2022  78,884  82,614  (145)  1,535  (5,120)  100  (5,220)  2021  Company  Note  Equity, total  S$'000  Share capital  S$'000  Treasury shares  S$'000  Retained profits  S$'000  Other reserves,  total  S$'000  Capital  reserve  S$'000  Fair value  adjustment  reserve  S$'000  Balance at 1 April 2020  81,243  82,614  (145)  3,371  (4,597)  100  (4,697)  Loss for the financial year  (1,143)  -  -  (1,143)  -  -  -  Other comprehensive loss  Net loss on fair value changes of financial  assets through other comprehensive income  19  (523)  -  -  -  (523)  -  (523)  Other comprehensive loss for the financial year,  net of tax  (523)  -  -  -  (523)  -  (523)  Total comprehensive loss for the financial year  (1,666)  -  -  (1,143)  (523)  -  (523)  ## Balance at 31 March 2021  79,577  82,614  (145)  2,228  (5,120)  100  (5,220)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

| Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Operating activities  Profit	before	income	tax  6,483  4,630  Adjustments	for:  Amortization	of	club	membership  18  1  1  Amortization	of	land	use	rights  17  28  19  Bad	debts	written	off	(trade)  7  141  92  Bad	debts	written	off	(non-trade)  7  -  11  Depreciation	of	property,	plant	and	equipment  12  12,801  11,041  Fair	value	gain	on	investment	property  11  (80)  -  Loss	allowance	on	financial	assets  40  1,838  630  Reversal	of	loss	allowance	on	financial	assets  40  (573)  (561)  Interest income  5  (64)  (50)  Interest expense  6  2,681  2,099  Gain	on	disposal	of	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net  5  (37)  (40)  Gain	on	divestment	of	a	subsidiary  5  -  (8)  Operating	cash	flows	before	movements	in	working	capital  23,219  17,864  Changes	in	working	capital:  Inventories  (1,914)  (314)  Contract assets  1  (225)  Trade	and	other	receivables  (7,877)  (4,881)  Trade and other payables  (1,492)  9,481  Cash	generated	from	operations  11,937  21,925  Income taxes paid  (1,654)  (874)  Net cash generated from operating activities  10,283  21,051  Investing activities  Acquisition	of	a	subsidiary	without	a	change	in	control  13(b)  -  (305)  Additional	capital	investment	by	non-controlling	interest  40  -  Net	cash	outflows	from	deregistration	of	subsidiaries  13(e)  -  (27)  Interest	received  64  50  Proceeds	from	disposal	of	property,	plant	and	equipment  147  195  Purchase	of	property,	plant	and	equipment  12  (3,604)  (16,478)  Effect	of	foreign	currency	re-alignment	on	investing	activities  330  (253)  Net cash used in investing activities  (3,023)  (16,818)   |
|---|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Financing activities  Dividend	paid	to	non-controlling	interest  (80)  -  Interest paid  (2,681)  (2,099)  Proceeds from bank loans  64,905  75,874  Repayment of bank loans  (58,130)  (61,732)  Repayment	of	lease	liabilities  (8,243)  (7,802)  Pledge	of	fixed	deposits	with	banks  (896)  (271)  Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities  (5,125)  3,970  Net	increase	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents  2,135  8,203  Effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	cash	and	cash	equivalents  31  (99)  Cash	and	cash	equivalents	at	beginning	of	financial	year  13,876  5,772  Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year  25  16,042  13,876   |
|---|

## Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

| Non-cash movements  At beginning  of financial  year  S$'000  Financing  cashflows  1  S$'000  Purchase of  property,  plant and  equipment  S$'000  Interest  expense  S$'000  Termination  of lease  S$'000  Others  S$'000  At end of  financial  year  S$'000  2022  Bank loans  57,816  4,953  -  1,822  -  227  64,818  Lease	liabilities  14,604  (9,060)  13,206  817  (48)  9  19,528  2021  Bank loans  43,724  12,649  -  1,493  -  (50)  57,816  Lease	liabilities  13,365  (8,364)  9,803  562  -  (762)  14,604   |
|---|

1 Net of proceeds from interest bearing borrowings, repayment of interest-bearing borrowings, interest paid and repayment of lease liabilities.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with these financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

These	notes	form	an	integral	part	of	and	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	the	accompanying	financial	statements.

## 1. General

Chasen	Holdings	Limited	(the	'Company')	(Registration	Number:	199906814G)	is	a	limited	liability	company incorporated	and	domiciled	in	Singapore	and	is	listed	on	the	Singapore	Exchange	Securities	Trading	Limited (the	'SGX-ST').

The	registered	office	and	principal	place	of	business	of	the	Company	is	located	at	18	Jalan	Besut,	Singapore 619571.

The	principal	activity	of	the	Company	is	that	of	investment	holding.	The	principal	activities	of	the	respective subsidiaries	and	associate	are	disclosed	in	Notes	13	and	14	respectively	to	the	financial	statements.

The	consolidated	financial	statements	of	Chasen	Holding	Limited	and	its	subsidiaries	(collectively,	the	'Group') for	 the	 financial	 year	 ended	 31	 March	 2022,	 and	 the	 statement	 of	 financial	 position	 and	 the	 statement	 of changes	in	equity	of	the	Company	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022	were	authorized	for	issue	by	the Board of Directors on 30	June	2022.

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies

## 2.1 Basis of preparation

The	financial	statements	of	the	Group,	and	the	statement	of	financial	position	and	statement	of	changes	in equity of the Company have	been	drawn	up	in	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	the	Singapore	Companies	Act 1967	and	Singapore	Financial	Reporting	Standards	(International)	('SFRS(I)s')	including	related	Interpretations of	SFRS(I)	('SFRS(I)s	INT')	and	are	prepared	on	the	historical	cost	basis,	except	as	disclosed	in	the	accounting policies	below.

The	individual	financial	statements	of	each	Group	entity	is	measured	and	presented	in	the	currency	of	the primary	economic	environment	in	which	the	entity	operates	(its	functional	currency).	The	financial	statements of	the	Group	and	the	statement	of	financial	position	and	the	statement	of	changes	in	equity	of	the	Company are	presented	in	Singapore	dollar	('S$')	which	is	also	the	functional	currency	of	the	Company,	and	all	values presented	are	rounded	to	the	nearest	thousand	('S$'000'),	unless	otherwise	indicated.

In	the	current	year,	the	Group	has	adopted	all	the	new	and	revised	SFRS(I)s	and	SFRS(I)s	INT	that	are	relevant to	its	operations	and	effective	for	annual	periods	beginning	on	or	after	1	April	2021.	The	adoption	of	these new	or	revised	SFRS(I)s	and	SFRS(I)s	INT	did	not	result	in	changes	to	the	Group's	and	Company's	accounting policies,	and	has	no	material	effect	on	the	current	or	prior	year's	financial	statement	and	is	not	expected	to	have a	material	effect	on	future	periods.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)

SFRS(I)s	and	SFRS(I)s	INT	issued	but	not	yet	effective

At	the	date	of	authorisation	of	these	financial	statements,	the	following	SFRS(I)s	and	SFRS(I)s	INT	that	are	relevant to	the	Group	were	issued	but	not	yet	effective:

| SFRS(I)  Title  Effective date (annual  periods beginning  on or after)  SFRS(I)	3  Amendments	to	SFRS(I)	3:  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  1	January	2022  SFRS(I)	1-16  Amendment	to	SFRS(I)	1-16:  Property, Plant and Equipment -  Proceeds before Intended Use  1	January	2022  SFRS(I)	1-37  Amendment	to	SFRS(I)	1-37:  Onerous Contracts - Cost of  Fulfilling a Contract  1	January	2022  SFRS(I)	1-1  Amendments	to	SFRS(I)	1-1:  Classification of Liabilities as  Current or Non-current  1	January	2023  SFRS(I)	10,  SFRS(I)	1-28  Amendments	to	SFRS(I)	10	and	SFRS(I)	1-28:  Sale or Contribution  of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  To be determined  SFRS(I)	1-8  Amendments	to	SFRS(I)	1-8:  Definition of Accounting Estimates  1	January	2023  SFRS(I)	1-12,  SFRS(I)	1  Amendments	to	SFRS(I)	1-12:  Deferred Tax Related to Assets  and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction  1	January	2023  Various  Amendments	to	SFRS(I)	1-1	and	SFRS(I)	Practice	Statement	2:  Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1	January	2023  Various  Annual	Improvements	to	SFRS(I)s	2018-2021  1	January	2022   |
|---|

Consequential	amendments	were	also	made	to	various	standards	as	a	result	of	these	new/revised	standards.

The	Group	and	the	Company	do	not	intend	to	early	adopt	any	of	the	above	new/revised	standards,	interpretations and	amendments	to	the	existing	standards.	Management	anticipates	that	the	adoption	of	the	aforementioned	new/ revised	standards	will	not	have	a	material	impact	on	the	financial	statements	of	the	Group	and	Company	in	the period	of	their	initial	adoption.

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation

The	 financial	 statements	 of	 the	 Group	 comprise	 the	 financial	 statements	 of	 the	 Company	 and	 its	 subsidiaries. Subsidiaries	are	entities	(including	structured	entities)	(i)	over	which	the	Group	has	power	and	the	Group	is	(ii)	able to	use	such	power	to	(iii)	affect	its	exposure,	or	rights,	to	variable	returns	from	then	through	its	involvement	with them.

The	Group	reassesses	whether	it	controls	the	subsidiaries	if	facts	and	circumstances	indicate	that	there	are	changes to	one	or	more	of	the	three	elements	of	control.

When	the	Group	has	less	than	a	majority	of	the	voting	rights	of	an	investee,	it	still	has	power	over	the	investee when	the	voting	rights	are	sufficient,	after	considering	all	relevant	facts	and	circumstances,	to	give	it	the	practical ability	to	direct	the	relevant	activities	of	the	investee	unilaterally.	The	Group	considers,	among	others,	the	extent of	its	voting	rights	relative	to	the	size	and	dispersion	of	holdings	of	the	other	vote	holders,	currently	exercisable substantive	 potential	 voting	 rights	 held	 by	 all	 parties,	 rights	 arising	 from	 contractual	 arrangements	 and	 voting patterns	at	previous	shareholders'	meetings.

Subsidiaries	are	consolidated	from	the	date	on	which	control	is	transferred	to	the	Group	up	to	the	effective	date	on which	control	ceases,	as	appropriate.

Intragroup	assets	and	liabilities,	 equity,	 income,	 expenses	 and	 cashflows	 relating	 to	 intragroup	 transactions	 are eliminated	on	consolidation.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation (Continued)

The	financial	statements	of	the	subsidiaries	used	in	the	preparation	of	the	financial	statements	are	prepared	for the	same	reporting	date	as	that	of	the	Company.	Where	necessary,	accounting	policies	of	subsidiaries	have	been changed	to	ensure	consistency	with	the	policies	adopted	by	the	Group.

Non-controlling	interests	are	identified	separately	from	the	Group's	equity	therein.	On	an	acquisition-by-acquisition basis,	non-controlling	interests	may	be	initially	measured	either	at	fair	value	or	at	their	proportionate	share	of	the fair	value	of	the	acquiree's	identifiable	net	assets.	Subsequent	to	acquisition,	the	carrying	amount	of	non-controlling interests	is	the	amount	of	those	interests	at	initial	recognition	plus	the	non-controlling	interests'	share	of	subsequent changes	in	equity.	Losses	in	the	subsidiary	are	attributed	to	non-controlling	interests	even	if	this	results	in	the	noncontrolling	interests	having	a	deficit	balance.

Changes	in	the	Group's	interest	in	a	subsidiary	that	do	not	result	in	a	loss	of	control	are	accounted	for	as	equity transactions.	Any	differences	between	the	amount	by	which	the	non-controlling	interests	are	adjusted	to	reflect the	changes	in	the	relative	interests	in	the	subsidiary	and	the	fair	value	of	the	consideration	paid	or	received	is recognized	directly	in	capital	reserve	and	attributed	to	the	owners	of	the	Company.

When	the	Group	loses	control	over	a	subsidiary,	the	profit	or	loss	on	disposal	is	calculated	as	the	difference	between (i)	the	aggregate	of	the	fair	value	of	the	consideration	received	and	the	fair	value	of	any	retained	interest	and	(ii)	the previous	carrying	amount	of	the	assets	(including	goodwill),	and	liabilities	of	the	subsidiary	and	any	non-controlling interests.	Amounts	previously	recognized	in	other	comprehensive	income	in	relation	to	the	subsidiary	are	accounted for	(i.e.	reclassified	to	profit	or	loss	or	transferred	directly	to	accumulated	profits)	in	the	same	manner	as	would be	required	if	the	relevant	assets	or	liabilities	were	disposed	of.	The	fair	value	of	any	investments	retained	in	the former	subsidiary	at	the	date	when	control	is	lost	is	regarded	as	the	fair	value	on	initial	recognition	for	subsequent accounting	under	SFRS(I)	9 Financial Instruments ('SFRS(I)	9')	or,	when	applicable,	the	cost	on	initial	recognition	of an	investment	in	an	associate	or	jointly	controlled	entity.

Investments	in	subsidiaries	are	carried	at	cost	less	any	impairment	loss	that	has	been	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in the	Company's	separate	financial	statements.

## 2.3 Business combinations

## Business	combinations	from	1	January	2017

The	acquisition	of	subsidiaries	is	accounted	for	using	the	acquisition	method.	The	cost	of	the	acquisition	is	measured at	the	aggregate	of	the	fair	values,	at	the	date	of	exchange,	of	assets	given,	liabilities	incurred	or	assumed,	and	equity instruments	issued	by	the	Group	in	exchange	for	control	of	the	acquiree.	For	each	business	combination,	the	Group determines	whether	to	measure	the	non-controlling	interests	in	the	acquire	at	fair	value	or	at	proportionate	share in	the	recognized	amounts	of	the	acquiree's	identifiable	net	assets.	Acquisition-related	costs	are	recognized	in	profit or	loss	as	incurred	and	included	in	administrative	expenses.

The	acquiree's	identifiable	assets,	liabilities	and	contingent	liabilities	that	meet	the	conditions	for	recognition	under SFRS(I)	3 Business Combinations ('SFRS(I)	3')	are	recognized	at	their	fair	values	at	the	acquisition	date,	except	for non-current	assets	(or	disposal	groups)	that	are	classified	as	held-for-sale	in	accordance	with	SFRS(I)	5 Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations ('SFRS(I)	5'),	which	are	recognized	and	measured	at	the	lower	of	cost and	fair	value	less	costs	to	sell.

The	Group	recognizes	any	contingent	consideration	to	be	transferred	for	the	acquiree	at	the	fair	value	on	the acquisition	date.	Contingent	consideration	classified	as	equity	is	not	remeasured	and	its	subsequent	settlement shall	be	accounted	for	within	equity.	Contingent	consideration	classified	as	an	asset	or	liability	that	is	a	financial instrument	and	within	the	scope	of	SFRS(I)	9,	is	measured	at	fair	value	with	the	changes	in	fair	value	recognized	in the	statement	of	profit	or	loss	in	accordance	with	SFRS(I)	9.	Other	contingent	consideration	that	is	not	within	the scope	of	SFRS(I)	9	is	measured	at	fair	value	at	each	reporting	date	with	changes	in	fair	value	recognized	in	profit	or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.3 Business combinations (Continued)

## Business	combinations	from	1	January	2017	(Continued)

Where	a	business	combination	is	achieved	in	stages,	the	Group's	previously	held	interests	in	the	acquired	entity	are remeasured	to	fair	value	at	the	acquisition	date	(i.e.	the	date	the	Group	attains	control)	and	the	resulting	gain	or loss,	if	any,	is	recognized	in	profit	or	loss.	Amounts	arising	from	interests	in	the	acquiree	prior	to	the	acquisition	date that	have	previously	been	recognized	in	other	comprehensive	income	are	reclassified	to	profit	or	loss,	where	such treatment	would	be	appropriate	if	that	interest	were	disposed	of.

The	acquiree's	identifiable	assets,	liabilities	and	contingent	liabilities	that	meet	the	conditions	for	recognition	under SFRS(I)	3	are	recognized	at	their	fair	value	at	the	acquisition	date,	except:

- deferred	tax	assets	or	liabilities	and	liabilities	or	assets	related	to	employee	benefit	arrangements	are	recognized and	measured	in	accordance	with	SFRS(I)	1-12 Income Taxes and	SFRS(I)	1-19 Employee Benefits respectively;
- liabilities	or	equity	instruments	related	to	the	replacement	by	the	Group	of	an	acquiree's	share-based	payment awards	are	measured	in	accordance	with	SFRS(I)	2 Share-based Payment ;	and
- assets	(or	disposal	groups)	that	are	classified	as	held	for	sale	in	accordance	with	SFRS(I)	5	are	measured	in accordance	with	that	Standard.

If	the	initial	accounting	for	a	business	combination	is	incomplete	by	the	end	of	the	reporting	period	in	which	the combination	occurs,	the	Group	reports	provisional	amounts	for	the	items	for	which	the	accounting	is	incomplete. Those	provisional	amounts	are	adjusted	during	the	measurement	period	(see	below),	or	additional	assets	or	liabilities are	recognized,	to	reflect	new	information	obtained	about	facts	and	circumstances	that	existed	as	of	the	acquisition date	that,	if	known,	would	have	affected	the	amounts	recognized	as	of	that	date.

The	 measurement	 period	 is	 the	 period	 from	 the	 date	 of	 acquisition	 to	 the	 date	 the	 Group	 obtains	 complete information	about	facts	and	circumstances	that	existed	as	of	the	acquisition	date,	and	is	subject	to	a	maximum	of one	year.

Goodwill	arising	on	acquisition	is	recognized	as	an	asset	at	the	acquisition	date	and	is	initially	measured	at	cost, being	the	excess	of	the	sum	of	the	consideration	transferred,	the	amount	of	any	non-controlling	interest	in	the acquiree	and	the	fair	value	of	the	acquirer	previously	held	equity	interest	(if	any)	in	the	entity	over	net	acquisitiondate	fair	value	amounts	of	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed.

If,	after	reassessment,	the	Group's	interest	in	the	net	fair	value	of	the	acquiree's	identifiable	net	assets	exceeds	the sum	of	the	consideration	transferred,	the	amount	of	any	non-controlling	interest	in	the	acquiree	and	the	fair	value of	the	acquirer's	previously	held	equity	interest	in	the	acquiree	(if	any),	the	excess	is	recognized	immediately	in	profit or	loss	as	a	bargain	purchase	gain.

For	the	purpose	of	impairment	testing,	goodwill	is	allocated	to	each	of	the	Group's	cash-generating	units	expected to	benefit	from	the	synergies	of	the	combination.	Cash-generating	units	to	which	goodwill	has	been	allocated	are tested	for	impairment	annually,	or	more	frequently	when	there	is	an	indication	that	the	unit	may	be	impaired.	If	the recoverable	amount	of	the	cash-generating	unit	is	less	than	the	carrying	amount	of	the	unit	(including	the	goodwill), the	impairment	loss	is	allocated	first	to	reduce	the	carrying	amount	of	any	goodwill	allocated	to	the	unit	and	then to	the	other	assets	of	the	unit	pro-rata	on	the	basis	of	the	carrying	amount	of	each	asset	in	the	unit.	An	impairment loss	recognized	for	goodwill	is	not	reversed	in	a	subsequent	period.

The	attributable	amount	of	goodwill	is	included	in	the	determination	of	gain	or	loss	on	disposal	of	the	subsidiary	or jointly	controlled	entity.

## Business	combinations	before	1	January	2017

As	part	of	transition	to	SFRS(I)s,	the	Group	elected	not	to	restate	those	business	combinations	that	occurred	before the	date	of	transition	to	SFRS(I)s,	i.e.	1	January	2017.	Goodwill	arising	from	acquisitions	before	1	January	2017	has been	carried	forward	from	the	previous	FRS	framework	as	at	the	date	of	transition.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.3 Business combinations (Continued)

## Business	combinations	before	1	January	2017	(Continued)

In	comparison	to	the	above-mentioned	requirements	under	SFRS(I)s,	the	following	differences	applied:

Business	combinations	were	accounted	for	by	applying	the	purchase	method.	Transaction	costs	directly	attributable to	the	acquisition	formed	part	of	the	acquisition	costs.	The	non-controlling	interest	(formerly	known	as	minority interest)	was	measured	at	the	proportionate	share	of	the	acquiree's	identifiable	net	assets.

Business	combinations	achieved	in	stages	were	accounted	for	as	step	acquisitions.	Adjustments	to	those	fair	values relating	to	previously	held	interests	were	treated	as	a	revaluation	and	recognized	in	equity.

When	the	Group	acquired	a	business,	embedded	derivatives	separated	from	the	host	contract	by	the	acquiree	were not	reassessed	on	acquisition	unless	the	business	combination	resulted	in	a	change	in	the	terms	of	the	contract	that significantly	modified	the	cash	flows	that	would	otherwise	be	required	under	the	contract.

Contingent	consideration	was	recognized	if,	and	only	if,	the	Group	had	a	present	obligation,	the	economic	outflow was	probable	and	a	reliable	estimate	was	determinable.	Subsequent	measurements	to	the	contingent	consideration affected	goodwill.

## 2.4 Revenue recognition

The	Group	is	principally	in	the	business	of	specialist	relocation	solutions,	third	party	logistics	and	technical	and engineering.	Revenue	from	contracts	with	its	customers	is	recognized	when	or	as	the	Group	satisfies	a	performance obligation	by	transferring	a	promised	good	or	service	generated	in	the	ordinary	course	of	the	Group's	activities	to	its customer,	at	a	transaction	price	that	reflects	the	consideration	the	Group	expects	to	be	entitled	in	exchange	for	the good	or	service	and	that	is	allocated	to	that	performance	obligation.	The	good	or	service	is	transferred	when	or	as the	customer	obtains	control	of	the	good	or	service.	Revenue	is	shown	net	of	estimated	customer	returns,	rebates and	other	similar	allowances.

## Specialist	relocation	services

Revenue	from	a	contract	to	provide	specialist	relocation	services	is	recognized	over	time,	using	the	output	method to	measure	progress	towards	complete	satisfaction	of	the	service,	as	the	Group	has	a	right	to	consideration	from customers	in	an	amount	that	corresponds	directly	with	the	performance	completed	to	date.

## Third-party	logistics	services

The	Group's	third-party	logistics	segment	generates	revenue	from	providing	supply	chain	services	for	its	customers including	packing,	packaging,	trucking,	distribution,	freight	forwarding,	warehousing	and	related	services.	Revenue from	third-party	logistics	services	are	satisfied	over	time	as	customers	simultaneously	receive	and	consume	the benefits	of	the	Group's	services.	In	general,	revenue	is	recognized	using	the	output	method	which	commensurate with	the	pattern	of	transfer	of	provision	of	services	to	the	customers.	A	corresponding	receivable	is	recognized	for the	consideration	that	is	unconditional	when	only	the	passage	of	time	is	required	before	the	payment	is	due.

## Sale of goods

Revenue	from	the	sale	of	goods	is	recognized	at	a	point	in	time	when	the	control	of	the	goods	is	transferred	to	the end	customers	(i.e.	when	the	goods	are	delivered	in	accordance	with	the	applicable	incoterms	or/and	terms	and conditions	and	significant	risks	and	rewards	of	ownership	of	the	goods	have	been	transferred	to	the	customer). A	corresponding	receivable	is	recognized	for	the	consideration	that	is	unconditional	when	only	the	passage	of time	is	required	before	the	payment	is	due.	Revenue	is	not	recognized	to	the	extent	where	there	are	significant uncertainties	regarding	recovery	of	the	consideration	due,	associated	costs	or	the	possible	return	of	goods.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.4 Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Supply	and	installation	of	scaffold

Revenue	from	the	supply	and	installation	of	scaffold	is	recognized	at	a	point	in	time	when	the	supply	and	installation of	 scaffold,	 identified	 as	 one	 performance	 obligation,	 have	 been	 rendered	 to	 the	 customers.	 A	 corresponding receivable	is	recognized	for	consideration	that	is	unconditional	when	only	the	passage	of	time	is	required	before payment	is	due.

## Engineering	services

Revenue	from	the	engineering	service	is	recognized	over	time,	using	the	input	method	to	measure	progress	towards complete	satisfaction	of	the	service,	as	the	customer	simultaneously	receives	and	consumes	the	benefits	provided by	the	Group.	In	the	application	of	the	input	method,	the	Group	has	used	cost-to-cost	method	(i.e.	based	on	the proportion	of	contract	costs	incurred	for	work	performed	to	date	relative	to	the	estimated	contract	costs).	Contract costs	are	mainly	driven	by	labour	costs.		Accordingly,	in	view	of	the	nature	of	the	engineering	service,	management considers	that	this	input	method	is	most	appropriate	in	measuring	the	progress	towards	complete	satisfaction	of these	performance	obligations	under	SFRS(I)	15 Revenue from Contract with Customers ('SFRS(I)	15').

## Construction	contract	revenue

Revenue	 from	 construction	 contracts	 are	 recognized	 over	 time,	 using	 the	 input	 method	 to	 measure	 progress towards	complete	satisfaction	of	the	service,	as	the	customer	simultaneously	receives	and	consumes	the	benefits provided	by	the	Group.	In	the	application	of	the	input	method,	the	Group	has	used	cost-to-cost	method	(i.e.	based on	the	proportion	of	contract	costs	incurred	for	work	performed	to	date	relative	to	the	estimated	contract	costs). Contract	costs	are	mainly	driven	by	material	and	labour	costs.	Costs	incurred	that	are	not	related	to	the	contract or	that	do	not	contribute	towards	satisfying	a	performance	obligation	are	excluded	from	the	measure	of	progress. Accordingly,	in	view	of	the	nature	of	the	construction	contract,	management	considers	that	this	input	method	is most	appropriate	in	measuring	the	progress	towards	complete	satisfaction	of	these	performance	obligations	under SFRS(I)	15.

## Capitalized	cost

For	costs	incurred	in	fulfilling	the	contract	which	are	within	the	scope	of	another	SFRS(I)s	(e.g.	Inventories),	these have	been	accounted	for	in	accordance	with	those	other	SFRS(I)s.	If	these	are	not	within	the	scope	of	another SFRS(I)s,	the	Group	will	capitalize	these	as	contract	costs	assets	only	if	(a)	these	cost	relate	directly	to	a	contract or	an	anticipated	contract	which	the	Group	can	specifically	identify;	(b)	these	cost	generate	or	enhance	resources of	the	Group	that	will	be	used	in	satisfying	(or	in	continuing	to	satisfy)	performance	obligations	in	the	future;	and (c)	these	costs	are	expected	to	be	recovered.	Otherwise,	such	costs	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in which	they	are	incurred.

Capitalized	contract	costs	are	subsequently	amortized	on	a	systematic	basis	as	the	Group	recognizes	the	related revenue	over	time.	An	impairment	loss	is	recognized	in	the	profit	or	loss	to	the	extent	that	the	carrying	amount of	capitalized	contract	costs	exceeds	the	expected	remaining	consideration	less	any	directly	related	costs	not	yet recognized	as	expenses.

## Rental income

Rental	income	from	investment	property	and	leasing	of	working	tools	are	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over the	term	of	the	relevant	lease	(see	Note	2.22).	The	aggregate	cost	of	incentives	provided	to	lessees	is	recognized	as a	reduction	of	rental	income	over	the	lease	term	on	a	straight-line	basis.

## 2.5 Borrowing costs

Borrowing	costs	directly	attributable	to	the	acquisition,	construction	or	production	of	qualifying	assets,	which	are assets	that	necessarily	take	a	substantial	period	of	time	to	get	ready	for	their	intended	use	or	sale,	are	added	to	the cost	of	those	assets,	until	such	time	as	the	assets	are	substantially	ready	for	their	intended	use	or	sale.	Borrowing costs	 on	 general	 borrowings	 are	 capitalized	 by	 applying	 a	 capitalization	 rate	 to	 construction	 or	 development expenditures	that	are	financed	by	general	borrowings.	Investment	income	earned	on	the	temporary	investment	of specific	borrowings	pending	their	expenditure	on	qualifying	assets	is	deducted	from	the	borrowing	costs	eligible	for capitalization.

All	other	borrowing	costs	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	they	are	incurred.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.6 Retirement benefit costs

Payments	to	defined	contribution	retirement	benefit	plans	are	charged	as	an	expense	as	they	fall	due.	Payments made	to	state-managed	retirement	benefit	schemes,	such	as	the	Singapore	Central	Provident	Fund,	are	dealt	with as	payments	to	defined	contribution	plans	where	the	Group's	obligations	under	the	plans	are	equivalent	to	those arising	in	a	defined	contribution	retirement	benefit	plan.

The	Group	participates	in	the	national	pension	schemes	as	defined	by	the	laws	of	the	People's	Republic	of	China ('PRC').	Subsidiaries	incorporated	in	PRC	are	required	to	provide	staff	pension	benefits	to	their	employees	under existing	PRC	legislation.	These	subsidiaries	are	required	to	contribute	a	certain	percentage	of	their	payroll	costs to	the	pension	scheme	to	fund	the	benefits.	The	pension	funds	are	managed	by	government	agencies,	which	are responsible	for	paying	pensions	to	the	retired	employees.	Contributions	under	the	pension	scheme	are	charged	to the	profit	or	loss	as	they	become	payable	in	accordance	with	the	rules	of	the	pension	scheme.

## 2.7 Employee leave entitlements

Employee	entitlements	to	annual	leave	are	recognized	when	they	accrue	to	employees.	A	provision	is	made	for	the estimated	liability	for	annual	leave	as	a	result	of	services	rendered	by	employees	up	to	the	end	of	the	financial	year.

## 2.8 Share-based payments

Employee	performance	share	plan	allows	Group	employees	to	acquire	shares	of	the	Company.	The	fair	value	of shares	is	recognized	as	an	employee	expense	with	a	corresponding	increase	in	equity.	The	fair	value	is	measured based	on	the	market	value	at	grant	date	and	spread	over	the	vesting	period	during	which	the	employees	become unconditionally	entitled	to	the	shares.	At	each	reporting	date,	the	Group	revises	its	estimates	of	the	number	of shares	under	options	that	are	expected	to	become	exercisable	on	the	vesting	date	and	recognizes	the	impact	of the	revision	of	the	estimates	in	profit	or	loss,	with	a	corresponding	adjustment	to	the	share	option	reserve	over	the remaining	vesting	period.

## 2.9 Income tax

Income	tax	expense	represents	the	sum	of	the	tax	currently	payable	and	deferred	tax.

The	tax	currently	payable	is	based	on	taxable	profit	for	the	year.	Taxable	profit	differs	from	profit	as	reported	profit or	loss	because	it	excludes	items	of	income	or	expense	that	are	taxable	or	deductible	in	other	years	and	it	further excludes	items	that	are	not	taxable	or	tax	deductible.	The	Group's	liability	for	current	tax	is	calculated	using	tax	rates (and	tax	laws)	that	have	been	enacted	or	substantively	enacted	in	countries	where	the	Company	and	subsidiaries operate	by	the	end	of	the	financial	year.

Deferred	tax	is	recognized	on	the	differences	between	the	carrying	amounts	of	assets	and	liabilities	in	the	financial statements	 and	 the	 corresponding	 tax	 bases	 used	 in	 the	 computation	 of	 taxable	 profit,	 and	 are	 accounted	 for using	the	liability	method.	Deferred	tax	liabilities	are	generally	recognized	for	all	taxable	temporary	differences	and deferred	tax	assets	are	recognized	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	that	taxable	profits	will	be	available	against	which deductible	temporary	differences	can	be	utilized.	Such	assets	and	liabilities	are	not	recognized	if	the	temporary difference	arises	from	goodwill	or	from	the	initial	recognition	(other	than	in	a	business	combination)	of	other	assets and	liabilities	in	a	transaction	that	affects	neither	the	taxable	profit	nor	the	accounting	profit.

Deferred	tax	liabilities	are	recognized	on	taxable	temporary	differences	arising	on	investments	in	subsidiaries	and associates,	except	where	the	Group	is	able	to	control	the	reversal	of	the	temporary	difference	and	it	is	probable	that the	temporary	difference	will	not	reverse	in	the	foreseeable	future.

A	deferred	income	tax	asset	is	recognized	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	that	future	taxable	profit	will	be	available against	which	the	deductible	temporary	differences	and	tax	losses	can	be	utilized.

The	carrying	amount	of	deferred	tax	assets	is	reviewed	at	the	end	of	each	financial	year	and	reduced	to	the	extent that	it	is	no	longer	probable	that	sufficient	taxable	profits	will	be	available	to	allow	all	or	part	of	the	asset	to	be recovered.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.9 Income tax (Continued)

Deferred	tax	is	calculated	at	the	tax	rates	that	are	expected	to	apply	in	the	period	when	the	liability	is	settled	or	the asset	realized	based	on	the	tax	rates	(and	tax	laws)	that	have	been	enacted	or	substantively	enacted	by	the	end	of the	financial	year	and	based	on	the	tax	consequence	that	will	follow	from	the	manner	in	which	the	Group	expects, at	the	end	of	the	financial	year,	to	recover	or	settle	the	carrying	amounts	of	its	assets	and	liabilities	except	for	the investment	properties	where	investment	properties	measured	at	fair	value	are	presented	to	be	recovered	entirely through	sale.

Deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	offset	when	there	is	a	legally	enforceable	right	to	set	off	current	tax	assets against	current	tax	liabilities	and	when	they	relate	to	income	taxes	levied	by	the	same	taxation	authority	and	the Group	intends	to	settle	its	current	tax	assets	and	liabilities	on	a	net	basis,	or	to	realize	the	assets	and	settle	the liabilities	simultaneously,	in	each	future	period	in	which	significant	amounts	of	deferred	tax	liabilities	or	assets	are expected	to	be	settled	or	recovered.

Current	and	deferred	tax	are	recognized	as	an	expense	or	income	in	profit	or	loss,	except	when	they	relate	to	items credited	or	debited	directly	to	equity,	in	which	case	the	tax	is	also	recognized	directly	in	equity,	or	where	they	arise from	the	initial	accounting	for	a	business	combination.	In	the	case	of	a	business	combination,	the	tax	effect	is	taken into	account	in	calculating	goodwill	or	determining	the	excess	of	the	acquirer's	interest	in	the	net	fair	value	of	the acquiree's	identifiable	assets,	liabilities	and	contingent	liabilities	over	cost.

## 2.10 Dividends

Equity	dividends	are	recognized	when	they	become	legally	payable.	Interim	dividends	are	recorded	in	the	financial year	in	which	they	are	declared	payable.	Final	dividends	are	recorded	in	the	financial	year	in	which	dividends	are approved	by	shareholders.

## 2.11 Foreign currency transactions and translation

Foreign	 currency	 transactions	 are	 translated	 into	 the	 individual	 entities'	 respective	 functional	 currencies	 at the	exchange	rates	prevailing	on	the	date	of	the	transaction.	At	the	end	of	each	financial	year,	monetary	items denominated	in	foreign	currencies	are	retranslated	at	the	rates	prevailing	as	of	the	end	of	the	financial	year.	Nonmonetary	items	carried	at	fair	value	that	are	denominated	in	foreign	currencies	are	retranslated	at	the	rates	prevailing on	the	date	when	the	fair	value	was	determined.	Non-monetary	items	that	are	measured	in	terms	of	historical	cost in	a	foreign	currency	are	not	retranslated.

Exchange	differences	arising	on	the	settlement	of	monetary	items,	and	on	retranslation	of	monetary	items	are included	in	profit	or	loss	for	the	financial	year.	Exchange	differences	arising	on	the	retranslation	of	non-monetary items	carried	at	fair	value	are	included	in	profit	or	loss	for	the	financial	year	except	for	differences	arising	on	the retranslation	of	non-monetary	items	in	respect	of	which	gains	and	losses	are	recognized	directly	in	equity.	For	such non-monetary	items,	any	exchange	component	of	that	gain	or	loss	is	also	recognized	directly	in	other	comprehensive income.

Exchange	differences	relating	to	assets	under	construction	for	future	productive	use,	are	included	in	the	cost	of those	assets	where	they	are	regarded	as	an	adjustment	to	interest	costs	on	foreign	currency	borrowings.

For	the	purpose	of	presenting	consolidated	financial	statements,	the	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	Group's	foreign operations	(including	comparatives)	are	expressed	in	Singapore	dollar	using	exchange	rates	prevailing	at	the	end	of the	financial	year.	Income	and	expense	items	(including	comparatives)	are	translated	at	the	average	exchange	rates for	the	period,	unless	exchange	rates	fluctuated	significantly	during	that	period,	in	which	case	the	exchange	rates	at the	dates	of	the	transactions	are	used.	Exchange	differences	arising,	if	any,	are	classified	as	equity	and	transferred to	the	Group's	foreign	currency	translation	reserve.	Such	translation	differences	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in the	period	in	which	the	foreign	operation	is	disposed	of.

On	consolidation,	exchange	differences	arising	from	the	translation	of	the	net	investment	in	foreign	entities	(including monetary	items	that,	in	substance,	form	part	of	the	net	investment	in	foreign	entities),	and	of	borrowings	and other	currency	instruments	designated	as	hedges	of	such	investments,	are	taken	to	the	foreign	currency	translation reserve.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.11 Foreign currency transactions and translation (Continued)

Goodwill	and	fair	value	adjustments	arising	on	the	acquisition	of	a	foreign	operation	are	treated	as	assets	and liabilities	of	the	foreign	operation	and	translated	at	the	closing	rate.

## 2.12 Investment property

Investment	property,	which	is	property	held	to	earn	rentals	and/or	for	capital	appreciation,	is	measured	initially	at its	cost,	including	transaction	costs.	Subsequent	to	initial	recognition,	investment	property	is	measured	at	fair	value and	changes	in	the	fair	value	are	included	in	profit	or	loss	for	the	financial	year	in	which	they	arise.	Fair	values	are determined	annually	by	independent	professional	valuers.

Costs	of	 major	 renovations	 and	 improvements	 to	 the	 investment	 property	 are	 capitalized	 as	 additions	 and	 the carrying	amounts	of	the	replaced	components	are	written	off	to	profit	or	loss.	The	costs	of	maintenance,	repairs	and minor	improvement	are	charged	to	profit	or	loss	when	incurred.

Upon	its	disposal	or	retirement,	the	difference	between	the	net	disposal	proceeds	and	the	carrying	amount	of	the investment	property	is	recognized	in	profit	or	loss.

## 2.13 Property, plant and equipment

Land	and	buildings	held	for	use	in	the	production	or	supply	of	goods	or	services,	or	for	administrative	purposes,	are shown	at	their	revalued	amounts,	being	the	fair	value	at	the	date	of	revaluation,	less	any	subsequent	accumulated depreciation,	and	where	applicable,	accumulated	impairment	losses.

Land	and	buildings	are	revalued	by	independent	professional	valuers	with	sufficient	regularity	such	that	the	carrying amounts	do	not	differ	materially	from	that	which	would	be	determined	using	fair	values	at	the	end	of	the	financial year.

Any	revaluation	increase	arising	from	the	revaluation	of	such	land	and	buildings	is	credited	to	the	revaluation	reserve, except	to	the	extent	that	it	reverses	a	revaluation	decrease	for	the	same	asset	previously	recognized	in	profit	or	loss, in	which	case	the	increase	is	credited	to	profit	or	loss	to	the	extent	of	the	decrease	previously	charged.	A	decrease in	carrying	amount	arising	on	the	revaluation	of	such	land	and	buildings	is	charged	to	profit	or	loss	to	the	extent	that it	exceeds	the	balance,	if	any,	held	in	the	revaluation	reserve	relating	to	a	previous	revaluation	of	that	asset.

At	the	end	of	the	financial	year,	a	transfer	of	the	difference	between	depreciation	based	on	the	revalued	carrying amount	of	the	asset	and	depreciation	based	on	the	asset's	original	cost	is	made	from	the	revaluation	reserve	to accumulated	profits.

Plant	and	equipment	are	stated	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation	and	any	accumulated	impairment	losses.	The cost	of	plant	and	equipment	includes	its	purchase	price	and	any	costs	directly	attributable	to	bringing	the	asset to	the	location	and	condition	necessary	for	it	to	be	capable	of	operating	in	the	manner	intended	by	management. Dismantlement,	removal	or	restoration	costs	are	included	as	part	of	the	cost	of	plant	and	equipment	if	the	obligation for	dismantlement,	removal	or	restoration	is	incurred	as	a	consequence	of	acquiring	or	using	the	plant	and	equipment.

Subsequent	expenditure	relating	to	property,	plant	and	equipment	is	added	to	the	carrying	amount	of	the	asset	only when	it	is	probable	that	future	economic	benefits	associated	with	the	item	will	flow	to	the	entity	and	the	cost	of the	item	can	be	measured	reliably.	All	other	repair	and	maintenance	expenses	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	when incurred.

Depreciation	is	charged	so	as	to	write	off	the	cost	of	assets	over	their	estimated	useful	lives,	using	the	straight-line method,	on	the	following	bases:

| - Leasehold	land	and	buildings  Remaining	leasehold	tenure  - Renovation  5	-	10	years  - Transportation	equipment  5	-	10	years  - Tools	and	equipment  3	-	10	years  - Furniture,	fittings,	and	office	equipment  1	-	10	years   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.13 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

For	right-of-use	assets	for	which	ownership	of	the	underlying	asset	is	not	transferred	to	the	Group	by	the	end	of the	lease	term,	depreciation	is	charged	over	the	lease	term,	using	the	straight-line	method.	The	lease	periods	are disclosed	in	Note	30.

No	depreciation	is	charged	on	building	under	construction	as	this	asset	is	not	yet	in	use	as	at	the	end	of	the	financial year.

The	carrying	values	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	are	reviewed	for	impairment	when	events	or	changes	in circumstances	indicate	that	the	carrying	value	may	not	be	recoverable.

The	estimated	useful	lives,	residual	values	and	depreciation	methods	are	reviewed,	and	adjusted	as	appropriate,	at the	end	of	each	financial	year.

The	gain	or	loss,	being	the	difference	between	the	sales	proceeds	and	the	carrying	amount	of	the	asset,	arising	on disposal	or	retirement	of	an	item	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	is	recognized	in	profit	or	loss.	Any	amount	in	the revaluation	reserve	relating	to	that	asset	is	transferred	to	accumulated	profits	directly.

Fully	depreciated	property,	plant	and	equipment	are	retained	in	the	financial	statements	until	they	are	no	longer	in use.

## 2.14 Club membership

Club	membership	is	stated	at	cost	less	accumulated	amortization	and	any	accumulated	impairment	losses.	Club membership	is	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	its	estimated	useful	lives	of	5	to	15	years.	The	estimated useful	life	and	amortization	method	are	reviewed	at	the	end	of	each	annual	reporting	period,	with	the	effect	of	any changes	in	estimate	being	accounted	for	on	a	prospective	basis.

## 2.15 Intangible assets

## Goodwill	on	acquisition

Goodwill	represents	the	excess	of	the	cost	of	an	acquisition	over	the	net	fair	value	of	the	Group's	interest	in	the identifiable	assets,	liabilities	and	contingent	liabilities	of	the	subsidiary	or	jointly	controlled	entity	carried	at	the	date of	acquisition.	Goodwill	is	at	cost	less	any	accumulated	impairment	losses.

For	the	purpose	of	impairment	testing,	goodwill	is	allocated	to	each	of	the	Group's	cash-generating	units	('CGUs') expected	to	benefit	from	the	synergies	of	the	combination.	CGUs	to	which	goodwill	has	been	allocated	are	tested for	 impairment	 annually,	 or	 more	 frequently	 when	 there	 is	 an	 indication	 that	 the	 unit	 may	 be	 impaired.	 If	 the recoverable	amount	of	the	CGU	is	less	than	the	carrying	amount	of	the	unit	(including	the	goodwill),	the	impairment loss	is	allocated	first	to	reduce	the	carrying	amount	of	any	goodwill	allocated	to	the	unit	and	then	to	the	other	assets of	the	unit	pro-rata	on	the	basis	of	the	carrying	amount	of	each	asset	in	the	unit.	An	impairment	loss	recognized	for goodwill	is	not	reversed	in	a	subsequent	period.

The	attributable	amount	of	goodwill	is	included	in	the	determination	of	gain	or	loss	on	disposal	of	the	subsidiary	or jointly	controlled	entity.

On	acquisition	of	an	investment	in	an	associate	or	joint	venture,	any	excess	of	the	cost	of	investment	over	the	Group's share	of	the	net	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	associate	or	joint	venture	is	recognized	as goodwill,	which	is	included	in	the	carrying	amount	of	the	investment.	Any	excess	of	the	Group's	share	of	net	fair value	of	the	identifiable	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	associate	or	joint	venture	over	the	cost	of	investment,	after reassessment,	is	recognized	immediately	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	period	in	which	the	investment	is	acquired.

## Intangible	assets	acquired	in	a	business	combination

Intangible	assets	acquired	in	a	business	combination	are	identified	and	recognized	separately	from	goodwill.	The cost	of	such	intangible	assets	is	their	fair	value	as	at	the	acquisition	date.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.15 Intangible assets (Continued)

## Intangible	assets	acquired	in	a	business	combination	(Continued)

Subsequent	to	initial	recognition,	intangible	assets	acquired	in	a	business	combination	are	reported	at	cost	less accumulated	amortization	and	accumulated	impairment	losses,	on	the	same	basis	as	intangible	assets	acquired separately.

Intangible	assets	with	finite	useful	lives	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	their	estimated	useful	lives,	on the	following	bases:

- Know-how

-	Non-contractual	customer	relationship

8	years 6	-	7.5	years

The	estimated	useful	life	and	amortization	method	are	reviewed	at	the	end	of	each	annual	reporting	period,	with the	effect	of	any	changes	in	estimate	being	accounted	for	on	a	prospective	basis.

## 2.16 Land use rights

Land	use	rights	are	initially	measured	at	cost.	Following	initial	recognition,	land	use	rights	are	shown	at	their	revalued amounts,	being	the	fair	value,	less	any	subsequent	accumulated	amortization,	and	where	applicable,	accumulated impairment	losses.	The	land	use	rights	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	lease	term	of	50	years.

## 2.17 Investment in associate

An	associate	is	an	entity	over	which	the	Group	has	significant	influence,	being	the	power	to	participate	in	the financial	and	operating	policy	decisions	of	the	entity	but	is	not	control	or	of	joint	control	of	these	policies,	and generally	accompanying	a	shareholding	of	between	20%	or	more	of	the	voting	rights.

On	acquisition	of	the	associate,	any	excess	of	the	cost	of	the	investment	over	the	Group's	share	of	the	net	fair	value of	the	associate	identifiable	assets	and	liabilities	is	accounted	as	goodwill	and	is	included	in	the	carrying	amount of	the	investment.	Any	excess	of	the	Group's	share	of	the	net	fair	value	of	the	associate	identifiable	assets	and liabilities	over	the	cost	of	the	investment	is	included	as	income	in	the	determination	of	the	Group's	share	of	the associate's	profit	or	loss	in	the	reporting	period	in	which	the	investment	is	acquired.	Investments	in	associates	are carried	at	cost	less	any	impairment	loss	that	has	been	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	in	the	Company's	separate	financial statements.

The	results	and	assets	and	liabilities	of	an	associate	are	incorporated	in	these	financial	statements	using	the	equity method	of	accounting,	except	when	the	investment	is	classified	as	held-for-sale,	in	which	case	it	is	accounted for	under	SFRS(I)	5.	Under	the	equity	method,	investments	in	associates	are	carried	at	cost	as	adjusted	for	postacquisition	changes	in	the	Group's	share	of	the	net	assets	of	the	associate,	less	any	impairment	loss	of	individual investments.	The	Group's	share	of	losses	in	an	associate	in	excess	of	the	Group's	interest	in	that	associate	(which includes	any	long-term	interests	that,	in	substance,	form	part	of	the	Group's	net	investment	in	the	associate)	are not	recognized,	unless	the	Group	has	incurred	legal	or	constructive	obligations	or	made	payments	on	behalf	of the	associate.	Any	goodwill	arising	on	the	acquisition	of	the	Group's	interest	in	an	associate	is	accounted	for	in accordance	with	the	Group's	accounting	policy	for	goodwill	arising	on	such	acquisitions	(see	Note	2.15).

Unrealized	profits	and	losses	are	eliminated	to	the	extent	of	the	Group's	interest	in	the	associate.	Unrealized	losses are	also	eliminated	in	the	same	way	as	unrealized	gains,	but	only	to	the	extent	that	there	is	no	impairment.

The	Company	has	accounted	for	its	investment	in	associate	at	cost	in	its	separate	financial	statements.

## 2.18 Impairment of non-financial assets excluding goodwill

The	Group	reviews	the	carrying	amounts	of	its	non-financial	assets	as	at	each	reporting	date	to	assess	for	any indication	of	impairment	loss.	If	any	such	indication	exists,	the	recoverable	amount	of	the	asset	is	estimated	in	order to	determine	the	extent	of	the	impairment	loss	(if	any).	Where	it	is	not	possible	to	estimate	the	recoverable	amount of	an	individual	asset,	the	Group	estimates	the	recoverable	amount	of	the	CGU	to	which	the	asset	belongs.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.18 Impairment of non-financial assets excluding goodwill (Continued)

Irrespective	of	whether	there	is	any	indication	of	impairment,	the	Group	also	tests	its	intangible	assets	with	indefinite useful	lives	and	intangible	assets	not	yet	available	for	use	for	impairment	annually	by	comparing	their	respective carrying	amounts	with	their	corresponding	recoverable	amounts.

The	recoverable	amount	of	an	asset	or	CGU	is	the	higher	of	its	fair	value	less	costs	to	sell	and	its	value-in-use. In	assessing	value-in-use,	the	estimated	future	cash	flows	are	discounted	to	their	present	value	using	a	pre-tax discount	rate	that	reflects	current	market	assessments	of	the	time	value	of	money	and	the	risks	specific	to	the	asset.

An	 impairment	 loss	 for	 the	 amount	 by	 which	 the	 asset's	 carrying	 amount	 exceeds	 the	 recoverable	 amount	 is recognized	immediately	in	profit	or	loss,	unless	the	relevant	asset	is	carried	at	a	revalued	amount,	in	which	case	the impairment	loss	is	treated	as	a	revaluation	decrease.

Where	an	impairment	loss	subsequently	reverses,	the	carrying	amount	of	the	asset	(CGU)	is	increased	to	the	revised estimate	of	its	recoverable	amount,	but	so	that	the	increased	carrying	amount	does	not	exceed	the	carrying	amount that	would	have	been	determined	had	no	impairment	loss	been	recognized	for	the	asset	(CGU)	in	prior	financial years.	A	reversal	of	an	impairment	loss	is	recognized	immediately	in	profit	or	loss,	unless	the	relevant	asset	is	carried at	a	revalued	amount,	in	which	case	the	reversal	of	the	impairment	loss	is	treated	as	a	revaluation	increase.

## 2.19 Financial instruments

The	Group	recognizes	a	financial	asset	or	a	financial	liability	in	its	statement	of	financial	position	when,	and	only when,	the	Group	becomes	party	to	the	contractual	provisions	of	the	instrument.

## Effective	interest	method

The	effective	interest	method	is	a	method	of	calculating	the	amortized	cost	of	a	financial	instrument	and	allocating the	interest	income	or	expense	over	the	relevant	period.	The	effective	interest	rate	is	the	rate	that	exactly	discounts estimated	future	cash	receipts	or	payments	(including	all	fees	on	points	paid	or	received	that	form	an	integral	part of	the	effective	interest	rate,	transaction	costs	and	other	premiums	or	discounts)	through	the	expected	life	of	the financial	instrument,	or	where	appropriate,	a	shorter	period,	to	the	net	carrying	amount	of	the	financial	instrument. Income	and	expense	are	recognized	on	an	effective	interest	basis	for	debt	instruments	other	than	those	financial instruments	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss.

## Financial assets

## Initial	recognition	and	measurement

All	financial	assets	are	recognized	on	trade	date	-	the	date	on	which	the	Group	commits	to	purchase	or	sell	the asset.	With	the	exception	of	trade	receivables	that	do	not	contain	a	significant	financing	component	or	for	which the	Group	applies	a	practical	expedient,	all	financial	assets	are	initially	measured	at	fair	value,	plus	transaction	costs, except	for	those	financial	assets	classified	as	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss,	which	are	initially	measured	at	fair value.	Such	trade	receivables	that	do	not	contain	a	significant	financing	component	or	for	which	the	Group	applies a	practical	expedient	are	measured	at	transaction	price	as	defined	in	SFRS(I)	15	in	Note	2.4.

Financial	assets	are	classified	as	subsequently	measured	at	amortized	cost	and	fair	value	through	other	comprehensive income	('FVTOCI').	The	classification	at	initial	recognition	depends	on	the	Group's	business	model	for	managing	the financial	assets	and	the	contractual	cash	flow	characteristics	of	the	financial	asset.

The	Group's	business	model	refers	to	how	the	Group	manages	its	financial	assets	in	order	to	generate	cash	flows which	determines	whether	cash	flows	will	result	from	collecting	contractual	cash	flows,	selling	financial	assets	or both.

The	Group	determines	whether	the	asset's	contractual	cash	flows	are	solely	payments	of	principal	and	interest	on the	principal	amount	outstanding	to	determine	the	classification	of	the	financial	assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.19 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Financial	assets	at	amortized	cost

A	financial	asset	is	subsequently	measured	at	amortized	cost	if	the	financial	asset	is	held	within	a	business	model whose	objective	is	to	hold	financial	assets	in	order	to	collect	contractual	cash	flows	and	the	contractual	terms	of the	financial	asset	give	rise	on	specified	dates	to	cash	flows	that	are	solely	payments	of	principal	and	interest	on	the principal	amount	outstanding.

Subsequent	to	initial	recognition,	the	financial	asset	at	amortized	cost	are	measured	using	the	effective	interest method	and	is	subject	to	impairment.	Gains	or	losses	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	when	the	asset	is	derecognized, modified	or	impaired.

## Financial	assets	held	at	FVTOCI

A	financial	asset	that	is	an	investment	in	debt	instrument	is	subsequently	measured	at	FVTOCI	if	the	financial	asset is	held	within	a	business	model	whose	objective	is	achieved	by	both	collecting	contractual	cash	flows	and	selling	the financial	assets	and	the	contractual	terms	of	the	financial	asset	give	rise	on	specified	dates	to	cash	flows	that	are SPPI	on	the	principal	amount	outstanding.	Gains	or	losses	are	recognized	in	other	comprehensive	income,	except for	impairment	gains	or	losses,	foreign	exchange	gains	or	losses	and	interest	which	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss.

At	initial	recognition,	the	Group	may	make	an	irrevocable	election	to	classify	its	investment	in	equity	instruments, for	which	the	equity	instrument	is	neither	held	for	trading	nor	contingent	consideration	recognized	by	an	acquirer in	a	business	combination	to	which	SFRS(I)	3,	as	subsequently	measured	at	FVTOCI	so	as	to	present	subsequent changes	in	fair	value	in	other	comprehensive	income.	The	election	is	made	on	an	investment-by-investment	basis.

Upon	derecognition,	other	than	the	aforementioned	equity	instruments	for	which	their	subsequent	cumulative	fair value	changes	would	be	transferred	to	accumulated	profits,	the	cumulative	fair	value	changes	recognized	in	other comprehensive	income	is	recycled	to	profit	or	loss.

## Dividend	income

Dividends	from	equity	instruments	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	only	when	the	Group's	right	to	receive	payment of	the	dividend	is	established,	it	is	probable	that	the	economic	benefits	associated	with	the	dividend	will	flow	to	the Group	and	the	amount	of	the	dividend	can	be	measured	reliably.

## Interest income

Interest	income	is	accrued	on	a	timely	basis,	by	reference	to	the	principal	outstanding	and	at	the	effective	interest rate	applicable.

## Impairment	of	financial	assets

The	Group	recognizes	a	loss	allowance	for	expected	credit	losses	('ECL')	on	financial	assets	measured	at	amortized cost	and	debt	instruments	measured	at	FVTOCI.	At	each	reporting	date,	the	Group	assesses	whether	the	credit risk	on	a	financial	asset	has	increased	significantly	since	initial	recognition	by	assessing	the	change	in	the	risk	of	a default	occurring	over	the	expected	life	of	the	financial	instrument.	Where	the	financial	asset	is	determined	to	have low	credit	risk	at	the	reporting	date,	the	Group	assumes	that	the	credit	risk	on	financial	assets	has	not	increased significantly	since	initial	recognition.

The	Group	uses	reasonable	and	supportable	forward-looking	information	that	is	available	without	undue	cost	or effort	as	well	as	past	due	information	when	determining	whether	credit	risk	has	increased	significantly	since	initial recognition.

Where	the	credit	risk	on	that	financial	instrument	has	increased	significantly	since	initial	recognition,	the	Group measures	the	loss	allowance	for	a	financial	instrument	at	an	amount	equal	to	the	lifetime	ECL.	Where	the	credit	risk on	that	financial	instrument	has	not	increased	significantly	since	initial	recognition,	the	Group	measures	the	loss allowance	for	that	financial	instrument	at	an	amount	equal	to	12-month	ECL.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.19 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Impairment	of	financial	assets	(Continued)

The	Group	uses	a	practical	expedient	to	recognize	the	ECL	for	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets,	which	is	to measure	the	loss	allowance	at	an	amount	equal	to	lifetime	ECL	using	an	allowance	matrix	derived	based	on	historical credit	loss	experience	adjusted	for	current	conditions	and	forecasts	of	future	economic	conditions.

The	amount	of	ECL	or	reversal	thereof	that	is	required	to	adjust	the	loss	allowance	at	the	reporting	date	to	the amount	that	is	required	to	be	recognized	is	recognized	in	profit	or	loss.

While	they	are	not	financial	assets,	contract	assets	arising	from	the	Group's	contracts	with	customers	under	SFRS(I) 15	are	assessed	for	impairment	in	accordance	with	SFRS(I)	9,	similar	to	that	of	trade	receivables.

The	 Group	 directly	 reduces	 the	 gross	 carrying	 amount	 of	 a	 financial	 asset	 when	 the	 entity	 has	 no	 reasonable expectations	of	recovering	a	financial	asset	in	its	entirety	or	a	portion	thereof.

For details o n	the	Group's	accounting	policy	for	its	impairment	of	financial	assets,	refer	to	Note	40.

## Derecognition	of	financial	assets

The	Group	derecognizes	a	financial	asset	only	when	the	contractual	rights	to	the	cash	flows	from	the	financial asset	expire,	or	it	transfers	the	financial	asset	and	substantially	all	the	risks	and	rewards	of	ownership	of	the	asset to	another	entity.	If	the	Group	neither	transfers	nor	retains	substantially	all	the	risks	and	rewards	of	ownership	of the	financial	asset	and	continues	to	control	the	transferred	asset,	the	Group	recognizes	its	retained	interest	in	the asset	and	an	associated	liability	for	amounts	it	may	have	to	pay.	If	the	Group	retains	substantially	all	the	risks	and rewards	of	ownership	of	a	transferred	financial	asset,	the	Group	continues	to	recognize	the	financial	asset	and	also recognizes	a	collateralized	borrowing	for	the	proceeds	receivables.

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

## Classification	as	debt	or	equity

Financial	 liabilities	 and	 equity	 instruments	 issued	 by	 Group	 are	 classified	 according	 to	 the	 substance	 of	 the contractual	arrangements	entered	into	and	the	definitions	of	a	financial	liability	and	an	equity	instrument.

## Equity instruments

An	equity	instrument	is	any	contract	that	evidences	a	residual	interest	in	the	assets	of	the	Group	after	deducting	all of	its	liabilities.	Equity	instruments	are	recorded	at	the	proceeds	received,	net	of	direct	issue	costs.

## Ordinary share capital

Ordinary	share	capital	is	classified	as	equity.	Incremental	costs	directly	attributable	to	the	issue	of	ordinary	shares and	share	options	are	recognized	as	a	deduction	from	equity.

## Treasury shares

When	shares	recognized	as	equity	are	reacquired,	the	amount	of	consideration	paid	is	recognized	directly	in	equity. Reacquired	shares	are	classified	as	treasury	shares	and	presented	as	a	deduction	from	total	equity.	No	gain	or	loss is	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	on	the	purchase,	sale	issue	or	cancellation	of	treasury	shares.

When	treasury	shares	are	subsequently	cancelled,	the	cost	of	treasury	shares	are	deducted	against	the	share	capital account	if	the	shares	are	purchased	out	of	capital	of	the	Company,	or	against	the	retained	profits	of	the	Company	if the	shares	are	purchased	out	of	earnings	of	the	Company.

When	treasury	shares	are	subsequently	sold	or	reissued	pursuant	to	the	employee	share	option	scheme,	the	cost of	treasury	shares	is	reversed	from	the	treasury	share	account	and	the	realized	gain	or	loss	on	sale	or	reissue,	net	of any	directly	attributable	incremental	transaction	costs	and	related	income	tax,	is	recognized	in	the	capital	reserve	of the	Company.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.19 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Continued)

## Financial	liabilities

## Initial	recognition	and	measurement

All	financial	liabilities	are	recognized	on	trade	date	-	the	date	on	which	the	Group	commits	to	purchase	or	sell	the asset.	All	financial	liabilities	are	initially	measured	at	fair	value,	minus	transaction	costs,	except	for	those	financial liabilities	classified	as	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss,	which	are	initially	measured	at	fair	value.

Financial	liabilities	are	classified	as	either	financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	or	other	financial liabilities.

Financial	liabilities	are	classified	as	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss	if	the	financial	liability	is	either	held	for	trading or	it	is	designated	as	such	upon	initial	recognition.	Financial	liabilities	classified	as	at	fair	value	through	profit	or	loss comprise	derivatives	that	are	not	designated	or	do	not	qualify	for	hedge	accounting.

## Other	financial	liabilities

## Trade and other payables

Trade	and	other	payables	are	initially	measured	at	fair	value,	net	of	transaction	costs,	and	are	subsequently	measured at	amortized	cost,	where	applicable,	using	the	effective	interest	method,	with	interest	expense	recognized	on	an effective	yield	basis.	A	gain	or	loss	is	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	when	the	liability	is	derecognized	and	through	the amortization	process.

## Borrowings

Interest-bearing	bank	loans	and	overdrafts	are	initially	measured	at	fair	value,	and	are	subsequently	measured	at amortized	cost,	using	the	effective	interest	method.	Any	difference	between	the	proceeds	(net	of	transaction	costs) and	the	settlement	or	redemption	of	borrowings	is	recognized	over	the	term	of	the	borrowings	in	accordance	with the	Group's	accounting	policy	for	borrowing	costs	(see	Note	2.5).	A	gain	or	loss	is	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	when the	liability	is	derecognized	and	through	the	amortization	process.

## Financial guarantee contracts

The	Company	has	issued	corporate	guarantees	to	banks	for	banking	facilities	granted	by	them	to	certain	subsidiaries and	these	guarantees	qualify	as	financial	guarantees	because	the	Company	is	required	to	reimburse	the	banks	if these	subsidiaries	breach	any	repayment	terms.

Financial	 guarantee	 contract	 liabilities	 are	 measured	 initially	 at	 their	 fair	 values	 plus	 transaction	 costs	 and subsequently	at	the	higher	of	the	amount	of	the	loss	allowance	and	the	amount	initially	recognized	less	cumulative amortization	in	accordance	with	SFRS(I)	15	or	FRS	18	Revenue	previously.

## Derecognition	of	financial	liabilities

The	Group	derecognises	financial	liabilities	when,	and	only	when,	the	Group's	obligations	are	discharged,	cancelled or	they	expire.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

A	financial	asset	and	a	financial	liability	shall	be	offset	and	the	net	amount	presented	in	the	statements	of	financial position	when	and	only	when,	an	entity:

- (a)					currently	has	a	legally	enforceable	right	to	set-off	the	recognized	amounts;	and
- (b)					intends	either	to	settle	on	a	net	basis,	or	to	realize	the	asset	and	settle	the	liability	simultaneously.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.20 Inventories

Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	and	net	realizable	value.	Cost	is	determined	on	the	first-in,	first-out	basis, comprises	direct	materials	and,	where	applicable,	direct	labour	costs	and	those	overheads	that	have	been	incurred in	bringing	the	inventories	to	their	present	location	and	condition.

Work-in-progress	is	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	and	net	realizable	value.	Cost	is	determined	on	a	weighted	average basis	and	includes	all	attributable	production	overheads.	In	arriving	at	the	net	realizable	value,	due	allowance	is made	for	obsolete,	damaged	and	slow-moving	items.

Net	realizable	value	represents	the	estimated	selling	price	less	all	estimated	costs	of	completion	and	costs	to	be incurred	in	marketing,	selling	and	distribution.

## 2.21 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash	and	cash	equivalents	comprise	cash	on	hand	and	demand	deposits	with	financial	institutions,	bank	overdrafts, and	other	short-term	highly	liquid	investments	that	are	readily	convertible	to	a	known	amount	of	cash	and	are subject	to	an	insignificant	risk	of	changes	in	value.	For	the	purpose	of	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows,	cash and	cash	equivalents	exclude	deposits	pledged	with	the	financial	institutions	as	collateral	and	are	presented	net	of bank	overdrafts	which	are	repayable	on	demand	and	which	form	an	integral	part	of	the	Group's	cash	management.

## 2.22 Leases

At	inception	of	a	contract,	the	Group	assessed	whether	the	contract	is,	or	contains,	a	lease.	A	contract	is,	or	contains, a	lease	if	the	contract	conveys	the	right	to	control	the	use	of	an	identified	asset	for	a	period	of	time	in	exchange	for consideration.

Where	a	contract	contains	more	than	one	lease	component,	the	Group	allocates	the	consideration	in	the	contract to	each	lease	component	on	the	basis	of	the	relative	standalone	price	of	the	lease	component.	Where	the	contract contains	non-lease	components,	the	Group	applied	the	practical	expedient	to	not	to	separate	non-lease	components from	lease	components,	and	instead	account	for	each	lease	component	and	any	associated	non-lease	components as	a	single	lease	component.

The	Group	recognizes	a	right-of-use	asset	and	lease	liability	at	the	lease	commencement	date	for	all	lease	arrangement for	which	the	Group	is	the	lessee,	except	for	leases	which	have	lease	term	of	12	months	or	less	and	leases	of	low value	assets	for	which	the	Group	applied	the	recognition	exemption	allowed	under	SFRS(I)	16.	For	these	leases,	the Group	recognizes	the	lease	payment	as	an	operating	expense	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	term	of	the	lease.

The	right-of-use	asset	is	initially	measured	at	cost,	which	comprises	the	initial	amount	of	the	lease	liability	adjusted for	any	lease	payments	made	at	or	before	the	commencement	date,	less	any	lease	incentives	received,	plus	any initial	direct	costs	incurred	and	an	estimate	of	costs	to	dismantle	and	remove	the	underlying	asset	or	to	restore	the underlying	asset	or	the	site	on	which	it	is	located.	For	right-of-use	assets	relates	to	property,	plant	and	equipment to	which	the	Group	applies	the	revaluation	model,	the	Group	elected	not	to	apply	the	revaluation	model	to	all	of	the right-of-use	assets	that	relate	to	that	class	of	property,	plant	and	equipment.

The	right-of-use	asset	is	subsequently	depreciated	using	the	straight-line	method	from	the	commencement	date to	the	end	of	the	lease	term.	When	the	lease	transfers	ownership	of	the	underlying	asset	to	the	Group	by	the	end of	the	lease	term	or	the	cost	of	the	right-of-use	asset	reflects	that	the	Group	will	exercise	a	purchase	option,	the right-of-use	asset	will	be	depreciated	over	the	useful	life	of	the	underlying	asset,	which	is	determined	on	the	same basis	as	those	of	property,	plant	and	equipment.	The	right-of-use	asset	is	also	reduced	by	impairment	losses,	if	any, and	adjusted	for	certain	remeasurements	of	the	lease	liability,	where	applicable.

Right-of-use	assets	are	presented	within	'property,	plant	and	equipment'.

The	lease	liability	 is	 initially	 measured	 at	 the	 present	 value	 of	 the	 lease	 payments	 that	 are	 not	 paid	 at	 the	 commencement date,	discounted	using	the	interest	rate	implicit	in	the	lease	or,	if	that	rate	cannot	be	readily	determined,	the	lessee's incremental	borrowing	rate.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.22 Leases (Continued)

The	 Group	 generally	 uses	 the	 incremental	 borrowing	 rate	 as	 the	 discount	 rate.	 To	 determine	 the	 incremental borrowing	rate,	the	Group	obtains	a	reference	rate	and	makes	certain	adjustments	to	reflect	the	terms	of	the	lease and	the	asset	leased.

The	lease	payments	included	in	the	measurement	of	the	lease	liability	comprise	the	following:

- fixed	payments,	including	in-substance	fixed	payments	less	any	lease	incentive	receivable,
- variable	lease	payments	that	depend	on	an	index	or	a	rate,	initially	measured	using	the	index	or	rate	as	at	the commencement	date,
- amounts	expected	to	be	payable	under	a	residual	value	guarantee,
- the	exercise	price	under	a	purchase	option	that	the	Group	is	reasonably	certain	to	exercise,	and
- payments	of	penalties	for	terminating	the	lease	if	the	Group	is	reasonably	certain	to	terminate	early	and	lease payments	for	an	optional	renewal	period	if	the	Group	is	reasonably	certain	to	exercise	an	extension	option.

The	lease	liability	is	measured	at	amortized	cost	using	the	effective	interest	method.	The	Group	remeasures	the lease liability when there is a change in the lease term due to a change in assessment of whether it will exercise a termination	or	extension	or	purchase	option	or	due	to	a	change	in	future	lease	payment	resulting	from	a	change	in an	index	or	a	rate	used	to	determine	those	payment.

Where	there	is	a	remeasurement	of	the	lease	liability,	a	corresponding	adjustment	is	made	to	the	right-of-use	asset or	in	profit	or	loss	where	there	is	a	further	reduction	in	the	measurement	of	the	lease	liability	and	the	carrying amount	of	the	right-of-use	asset	is	reduced	to	zero.

## The	Group	as	a	lessor

Where	a	contract	contains	more	than	one	lease	and/or	non-lease	component,	the	Group	allocates	the	consideration in	the	contract	to	each	lease	component	on	the	basis	of	the	relative	standalone	price	of	the	lease	component.

At	the	lease	commencement	date,	the	Group	assesses	and	classifies	each	lease	as	either	an	operating	lease	or a	finance	lease.	Leases	are	classified	as	finance	leases	whenever	the	terms	of	the	lease	transfer	substantially	all the	risks	and	rewards	incidental	to	ownership	of	the	leased	assets	to	the	lessee.	All	other	leases	are	classified	as operating	leases.

## Operating leases

Rental	income	from	operating	leases	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	term	of	the	relevant	lease	unless another	systematic	basis	is	more	representative	of	the	time	pattern	in	which	use	benefit	derived	from	the	leased asset	is	diminished.	Initial	direct	costs	incurred	in	negotiating	and	arranging	an	operating	lease	are	added	to	the carrying	amount	of	the	leased	asset	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	lease	term.

## 2.23 Provisions

Provisions	are	recognized	when	the	Group	has	a	present	legal	or	constructive	obligation	as	a	result	of	a	past	event, it	is	probable	that	the	Group	will	be	required	to	settle	the	obligation,	and	a	reliable	estimate	can	be	made	of	the amount	of	the	obligation.

The	amount	recognized	as	a	provision	is	the	best	estimate	of	the	consideration	required	to	settle	 the	 present obligation	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year,	taking	into	account	the	risks	and	uncertainties	surrounding	the	obligation. Where	a	provision	is	measured	using	the	cash	flows	estimated	to	settle	the	present	obligation,	its	carrying	amount is	the	present	value	of	those	cash	flows,	which	is	discounted	using	a	pre-tax	discount	rate.

When	some	or	all	of	the	economic	benefits	required	to	settle	a	provision	are	expected	to	be	recovered	from	a	third party,	the	receivable	is	recognized	as	an	asset	if	it	is	virtually	certain	that	reimbursement	will	be	received	and	the amount	of	the	receivable	can	be	measured	reliably.

Changes	in	the	estimated	timing	or	amount	of	the	expenditure	or	discount	rate	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	as they	arise.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.24 Segment reporting

An	operating	segment	is	a	component	of	the	Group	that	engages	in	business	activities	from	which	it	may	earn revenues	and	incur	expenses,	including	revenue	and	expenses	that	relate	to	transactions	with	any	of	the	Group's other	components.	Management	makes	decision	about	resources	to	be	allocated	to	the	segment	and	assess	its performance.	Segment	managers	report	directly	to	the	management	of	the	Group.	Additional	disclosures	on	each of	these	segments	are	shown	in	Note	38,	including	the	factors	used	to	identify	the	reportable	segments	and	the measurement	basis	of	segment	information.

## 2.25 Government grants

Government	grants	are	recognized	at	their	fair	value	where	there	is	reasonable	assurance	that	the	grant	will	be received	and	all	attaching	conditions	will	be	complied	with.	Government	grant	shall	be	recognized	in	profit	or	loss	on a	systematic	basis	over	the	periods	in	which	the	entity	recognizes	as	expenses	the	related	costs	for	which	the	grants are	intended	to	compensate.	Grants	related	to	income	may	be	presented	as	a	credit	in	profit	or	loss,	either	separately or	under	a	general	heading	such	as	'Other	operating	income'.

## 2.26 Contingencies

A	contingent	liability	is:

- (a) a	possible	obligation	that	arises	from	past	events	and	whose	existence	will	be	confirmed	only	by	the	occurrence or	non-occurrence	of	one	or	more	uncertain	future	events	not	wholly	within	the	control	of	the	Group;	or
- (b) a	present	obligation	that	arises	from	past	events	but	is	not	recognized	because:
- (i) it	is	not	probable	that	an	outflow	of	resources	embodying	economic	benefits	will	be	required	to	settle	the obligation;	or
- (ii) the	amount	of	the	obligation	cannot	be	measured	with	sufficient	reliability.

A	contingent	asset	is	a	possible	asset	that	arises	from	past	events	and	whose	existence	will	be	confirmed	only	by	the occurrence	or	non-occurrence	of	one	or	more	uncertain	future	events	not	wholly	within	the	control	of	the	Group.

Contingencies	 are	 not	 recognized	 on	 the	 statements	 of	 financial	 position	 of	 the	 Group,	 except	 for	 contingent liabilities	assumed	in	a	business	combination	that	are	present	obligations	and	which	the	fair	value	can	be	reliably determined.

## 2.27 Related parties

A	related	party	is	defined	as	follows:

- (a) A	person	or	a	close	member	of	that	person's	family	is	related	to	the	Group	and	the	Company	if	that	person:
- (i) Has	control	or	joint	control	over	the	Company;
- (ii) Has	significant	influence	over	the	Company;	or
- (iii) Is	a	member	of	the	key	management	personnel	of	the	Group	or	Company	or	of	a	parent	of	the	Company.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.27 Related parties (Continued)

- (b) An	entity	is	related	to	the	Group	and	the	Company	if	any	of	the	following	conditions	applies:
- (i) The	entity	and	the	Company	are	members	of	the	same	group	(which	means	that	each	parent,	subsidiary and	fellow	subsidiary	is	related	to	the	others);
- (ii) One	entity	is	an	associate	or	joint	venture	of	the	other	entity	(or	an	associate	or	joint	venture	of	a member	of	a	group	of	which	the	other	entity	is	a	member);
- (iii) Both	entities	are	joint	ventures	of	the	same	third	party;
- (iv) One	entity	is	a	joint	venture	of	a	third	entity	and	the	other	entity	is	an	associate	of	the	third	entity;
- (v) The	entity	is	a	post-employment	benefit	plan	for	the	benefit	of	employees	of	either	the	Company	or	an entity	related	to	the	Company.	If	the	Company	is	itself	such	a	plan,	the	sponsoring	employers	are	also related	to	the	Company;
- (vi) The	entity	is	controlled	or	jointly	controlled	by	a	person	identified	in	(a);
- (vii) A	person	identified	in	(a)(i)	has	significant	influence	over	the	entity	or	is	a	member	of	the	key	management personnel	of	the	entity	(or	of	a	parent	of	the	entity);	or
- (viii) The	entity,	or	any	member	of	a	group	of	which	it	is	a	part,	provides	key	management	personnel	services to	the	reporting	entity	or	to	the	parent	of	the	reporting	entity.

The	effect	of	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	transactions	and	arrangements	with	related	parties	is	reflected	in	these financial	statements.	The	balances	are	unsecured,	interest-free	and	repayable	on	demand	unless	otherwise	stated.

## Key management personnel

Key	management	personnel	are	those	persons	having	the	authority	and	responsibility	for	planning,	directing	and controlling	 the	 activities	 of	 the	 Group	 and	 the	 Company,	 directly	 or	 indirectly,	 including	 any	 director	 (whether executive	or	otherwise)	of	that	company.

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The	Group	made	judgements,	estimates	and	assumptions	about	the	carrying	amounts	of	assets	and	liabilities	that were	not	readily	apparent	from	other	sources	in	the	application	of	the	Group's	accounting	policies.	Estimates	and judgements	are	continually	evaluated	and	are	based	on	historical	experience	and	other	factors	that	are	considered to	be	reasonable	under	the	circumstances.	Actual	results	may	differ	from	the	estimates.

## 3.1 Critical judgements made in applying the Group's accounting policies

## Classification of interest in Eons Global Holdings Pte Ltd ('EGH')

The	determination	of	the	level	of	significant	influence	the	Group	has	over	the	investee	is	often	a	mix	of	contractually defined	 and	 subjective	 factors	 that	 can	 be	 critical	 to	 the	 appropriate	 accounting	 treatment	 of	 investee	 in	 the Group's	financial	statements.	The	management	exercises	significant	judgement	in	analyzing	and	evaluating	relevant, subjective,	diverse	and	sometimes	contrasting	qualitative	and	quantitative	facts	and	circumstances	surrounding	its involvement	in	the	investee,	in	determining	whether	the	Group	has	significant	influence	over	the	investee.	Such evaluation	and	assessment	processes	do	take	into	consideration	the	transactions	and	events	in	accordance	with	its substance	and	economic	reality,	and	not	merely	its	legal	forms.

The	Group	considered	SFRS(I)	1-28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures to determine whether it exercises significant	influence	over	EGH	and	considered	factors,	including	but	not	limited	to,	its	representation	on	the	board of	directors	of	EGH	and	its	participation	in	policy-making	decisions	including	the	financial	and	operating	policies. The	directors	have	determined	that	they	do	not	have	significant	influence	over	EGH	even	though	the	Group	owns 40%	of	the	issued	capital	of	EGH.	In	making	their	judgement,	the	directors	have	considered	the	Group's	ability	to exercise	its	power	to	participate	in	the	financial	and	operating	policy	decisions	of	EGH.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## 3.1 Critical judgements made in applying the Group's accounting policies (Continued)

Following	the	assessment,	the	directors	concluded	that	the	Group	does	not	have	significant	influence	in	EGH's financial	and	operating	policies	and	therefore	classified	the	investment	in	EGH	as	FVTOCI	and	recognize	the	changes in	fair	values	of	all	its	equity	investment	not	held	for	trading,	in	other	comprehensive	income.

Differing	conclusions	around	these	judgements	may	impact	how	the	investment	is	presented	in	the	consolidated financial	 statements.	 If	 the	 directors	 were	 to	 conclude	 that	 the	 40%	 interest	 was	 sufficient	 to	 give	 the	 Group significant	influence,	EGH	would	instead	have	been	classified	as	an	associate	and	the	Group	would	have	accounted for	it	using	the	equity	method	of	accounting.

## Fair value of financial instruments

Where	the	fair	values	of	financial	instruments	recorded	in	the	statement	of	financial	position	cannot	be	derived from	active	markets,	they	are	determined	using	valuation	techniques,	including	the	discounted	cash	flow	model.	The inputs	to	these	models	are	derived	from	observable	market	data	where	possible,	but	where	this	is	not	feasible,	a degree	of	judgement	is	required	in	establishing	the	fair	values.	The	judgments	include	considerations	of	liquidity	and model	inputs	regarding	the	future	financial	performance	of	the	investee,	its	risk	profile,	and	economic	assumptions regarding	the	industry	and	geographical	jurisdiction	in	which	the	investee	operates.	Changes	in	assumptions	about these	factors	could	affect	the	reported	fair	value	of	financial	instruments.	The	valuation	of	financial	instruments	is described	in	more	details	in	Note	39.

## Revenue recognition from construction contracts

The	 Group	 recognizes	 revenue	 from	 construction	 contracts	 when	 the	 performance	 obligation	 is	 satisfied	 over time,	using	the	input	method	to	measure	progress	towards	complete	satisfaction	of	the	service,	as	the	customer simultaneously	receives	and	consumes	the	benefits	provided	by	the	Group.	In	determining	the	revenue	recognition policy	 for	 such	 contracts	 entered	 into	 with	 its	 customers,	 the	 Group	 applied	 SFRS(I)	 15,	 in	 consideration	 that its	 performance	does	not	create	an	asset	with	an	alternative	use	and	its	enforceability	of	right	to	payment	for performance	completed	to	date.

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The	estimates	and	assumptions	that	have	a	significant	risk	of	causing	a	material	adjustment	to	the	carrying	amounts of	assets	and	liabilities	within	the	next	financial	year	are	discussed	below.

## Fair value of investment properties and land and buildings

The	Group	carries	its	investment	properties	and	land	and	buildings	at	fair	value.	The	fair	values	are	determined by	 independent	 professional	 valuers	 using	 recognized	 valuation	 techniques,	 including	 the	 comparable	 market approach,	depreciated	replacement	cost	approach	and	income	capitalization	approach.	The	determination	of	the fair	values	requires	the	use	of	estimates	such	as	future	cash	flows	from	the	assets,	capitalization	rate	and	discount rates	applicable	to	those	assets.	The	estimates	are	based	on	local	market	conditions	existing	as	at	the	reporting	date. The	carrying	amounts	of	investment	properties	(Note	11)	and	land	and	buildings	(Note	12)	at	31	March	2022	are stated	at	S$930,000	(2021:	S$850,000)	and	S$43,903,000	(2021:	S$39,111,000)	respectively.

## Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

The	Group	depreciates	the	property,	plant	and	equipment	over	their	estimated	useful	lives	after	taking	into	account of	their	estimated	residual	values.	The	estimated	useful	life	reflects	management's	estimate	of	the	period	that	the Group	intends	to	derive	future	economic	benefits	from	the	use	of	the	Group's	property,	plant	and	equipment.	The residual	value	reflects	management's	estimated	amount	that	the	Group	would	currently	obtain	from	the	disposal	of the	asset,	after	deducting	the	estimated	costs	of	disposal,	as	if	the	asset	was	already	of	the	age	and	in	the	condition expected	at	the	end	of	its	useful	life.	Changes	in	the	expected	level	of	usage	and	technological	developments	could affect	the	economics,	useful	lives	and	the	residual	values	of	these	assets	which	could	then	consequentially	impact future	depreciation	charges.	The	carrying	amount	of	the	Group's	and	Company's	property,	plant	and	equipment	as at	31	March	2022	were	S$81,047,000	(2021:	S$70,877,000)	and	S$564,000	(2021:	S$594,000)	respectively	(Note 12).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty  (Continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Impairment of investments in subsidiaries

At	 the	 end	 of	 each	 financial	 year,	 an	 assessment	 is	 made	 on	 whether	 there	 are	 indicators	 that	 the	 Company's investments	are	impaired.	Where	necessary,	Management's	assessments	are	based	on	the	estimation	of	the	valuein-use	of	the	assets	defined	in	SFRS(I)	1-36 Impairment of Assets by	forecasting	the	expected	future	cash	flows	for a	period	of	up	to	5	years,	using	a	suitable	discount	rate	in	order	to	calculate	the	present	value	of	those	cash	flows. The	carrying	amount	of	the	Company's	investments	in	subsidiaries	as	at	31	March	2022	was	S$37,150,000	(2021: S$37,150,000)	(Note	13).

## Impairment of goodwill

The	Group	tests	goodwill	for	impairment	at	least	on	an	annual	basis.	Determining	whether	goodwill	is	impaired requires	 an	 estimation	 of	 the	value-in-use	 of	 the	 CGU	 to	which	 goodwill	 has	 been	 allocated.	The	value-in-use calculation	requires	the	entity	to	estimate	the	future	cash	flows	expected	to	arise	from	the	CGU	and	a	suitable discount	rate	in	order	to	calculate	present	value.	The	carrying	amount	of	the	Group's	goodwill	on	consolidation	as at	31	March	2022	was	S$10,559,000	(2021:	S$10,559,000)	(Note	15).

## Inventory valuation method

Inventory	is	valued	at	the	lower	of	cost	and	net	realizable	value.	Management	reviews	the	Group's	inventory	levels in	order	to	identify	slow-moving	and	obsolete	inventory	and	identifies	items	of	inventory	which	have	a	market	price, being	the	selling	price	quoted	from	the	market	of	similar	items,	that	is	lower	than	its	carrying	amount.	Management then	estimates	the	amount	of	inventory	loss	as	an	allowance	on	inventory.	Changes	in	demand	levels,	technological developments	and	pricing	competition	could	affect	the	saleability	and	values	of	the	inventory	which	could	then consequentially	impact	the	Group's	results,	cash	flows	and	financial	position.	The	carrying	amount	of	the	Group's inventories	as	at	31	March	2022	was	S$8,157,000	(2021:	S$6,243,000).	There	was	no	allowance	made	on	inventory for	the	financial	years	ended	31	March	2022	and	2021	(Note	20).

## Measurement of ECL of trade receivables

The	Group	uses	an	allowance	matrix	to	measure	ECL	for	trade	receivables.	The	ECL	rates	are	based	on	the	Group's historical	loss	experience	of	the	customers,	for	the	last	3	years	prior	to	the	reporting	date	for	various	customer groups	that	are	assessed	by	geographical	locations,	adjusted	for	forward	looking	factors	specific	to	the	debtors and	the	economic	environment	which	could	affect	the	ability	of	the	debtors	to	settle	the	trade	receivables.	In considering	the	impact	of	the	economic	environment	on	the	ECL	rates,	the	Group	assesses,	for	example,	the	gross domestic	production	growth	rates	of	the	countries	(i.e.	Singapore,	China,	Malaysia,	Vietnam)	and	the	growth	rates	of the	major	industries	in	which	its	customers	operate.	The	Group	adjusts,	as	necessary,	the	allowance	matrix	at	each reporting	date.	Such	estimation	of	the	ECL	rates	may	not	be	representative	of	the	actual	default	in	the	future.	The expected	loss	allowance	on	the	Group's	trade	receivables	as	at	31	March	2022	is	S$5,658,000	(2021:	S$5,907,000) (Note	40).

## Recognition and recoverability of prepayments for service fees paid

The	Group	records	the	service	fees	paid	to	external	project	managers	for	procurement	of	revenue	contracts	in the	People's	Republic	of	China	as	prepayments	under	current	assets.	Management	estimates	the	amounts	to	be amortized	by	matching	the	pattern	of	revenue	recognized	over	the	period	of	the	relevant	contracts.	In	addition, management	reviews	the	list	of	projects	and	monitors	the	status	of	each	project	under	negotiations	with	the	target customers	as	well	as	its	past	collection	history	of	each	contract.	The	carrying	amount	of	the	Group's	prepayments for	service	fees	paid	as	at	31	March	2022	was	S$4,385,000	(2021:	S$4,368,000)	(Note	23).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty  (Continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Deferred tax assets

Deferred	tax	assets	are	recognized	for	all	unused	tax	losses,	unutilized	capital	allowances	and	other	temporary differences	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	that	taxable	profit	will	be	available	against	which	the	losses	can	be utilized.	Significant	management	judgement	is	required	to	determine	the	amount	of	deferred	tax	assets	that	can	be recognized,	based	upon	the	timing	and	level	of	future	taxable	profits	together	with	future	tax	planning	strategies. In	determining	the	timing	and	level	of	future	taxable	profits	together	with	future	tax	planning	strategies,	the	Group assessed	the	probability	of	expected	future	cash	inflows	based	on	expected	revenues	from	existing	orders	and contracts	for	the	next	5	years.

Where	taxable	profits	are	expected	in	the	foreseeable	future,	deferred	tax	assets	are	recognized	on	the	unused	tax losses,	unutilized	capital	allowances	and	other	temporary	differences.	The	carrying	amount	of	the	Group's	deferred tax	assets	as	at	31	March	2022	was	S$1,251,000	(2021:	S$1,244,000)	(Note	31).

## Provision for income taxes

The	Group	has	exposure	to	income	taxes	in	several	jurisdictions	of	which	a	portion	of	these	taxes	arose	from	certain transactions	and	computations	for	which	ultimate	tax	determination	is	uncertain	during	the	ordinary	course	of business.	The	Group	recognizes	liabilities	of	expected	tax	issues	based	on	their	best	estimates	of	the	likely	taxes due.	Where	the	final	tax	outcome	of	these	matters	is	different	from	the	amounts	that	were	initially	recognized, such	differences	will	impact	the	income	tax	and	deferred	tax	positions	in	the	period	in	which	such	determination	is made.	The	carrying	amount	of	the	Group's	current	tax	payable	and	deferred	tax	liabilities	as	at	31	March	2022	was S$1,090,000	(2021:	S$771,000)	and	S$3,732,000	(2021:	S$2,367,000)	(Note	31)	respectively.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 4.  Revenue

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  165,194  130,723   |
|-------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue from contracts with customers

The disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

## Technical and Engineering Services

| Specialist  relocation  services  Third-party  logistics  Sale of goods  Scaffolding  services  Engineering  services  Construction  contract  Total  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Geographical markets (a)  Singapore  21,569  19,061  11,425  9,966  4,907  4,264  1,961  1,010  5,830  2,965  4,068  1,836  16,766  10,075  49,760  39,102  PRC  30,740  30,425  789  247  18,258  15,955  -  -  -  -  -  -  18,258  15,955  49,787  46,627  Malaysia  4,751  7,016  38,067  25,482  -  -  -  -  -  2  -  -  -  2  42,818  32,500  United States of America  2,091  744  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,091  744  Vietnam  5,878  3,552  767  80  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  6,645  3,632  Thailand  -  -  14,093  8,118  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  14,093  8,118  Total  65,029  60,798  65,141  43,893  23,165  20,219  1,961  1,010  5,830  2,967  4,068  1,836  35,024  26,032  165,194  130,723  Timing of revenue  recognition  Goods or services  transferred  at a point  in time  -  -  -  -  23,165  20,219  1,961  1,010  -  -  -  -  25,126  21,229  25,126  21,229  Services transferred  overtime  65,029  60,798  65,141  43,893  -  -  -  -  5,830  2,967  4,068  1,836  9,898  4,803  140,068  109,494  Total  65,029  60,798  65,141  43,893  23,165  20,219  1,961  1,010  5,830  2,967  4,068  1,836  35,024  26,032  165,194  130,723   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)  The disaggregation is based on the location of customers from which revenue was generated.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 4. Revenue (Continued)

Transaction	price	allocated	to	the	remaining	unsatisfied	or	partially	satisfied	performance	obligations	on	31	March	and expected	to	be	realized	in	the	following	financial	years:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Within one year  7,606  2,042   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

The	Group	has	applied	the	practical	expedient	permitted	under	SFRS(I)	15	for	those	performance	obligations	which are	part	of	contracts	that	have	an	original	expected	duration	of	one	year	or	less.

## 5. Other operating income

| Group  Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Compensation	received  5  11  Fair	value	gain	on	investment	property  11  80  -  Gain	on	disposal	of	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net  37  40  Gain	on	foreign	exchange	differences  1,215  632  Gain	on	divestment	of	a	subsidiary  -  8  Grants	received	from	government  1,552  3,257  Interest income from banks  64  50  Rental	income	from	investment	property  11  41  42  Rental income from leasing of working tools  495  308  Reimbursement of costs  195  175  Reversal	of	loss	allowance	on	trade	receivables  40  573  438  Reversal	of	loss	allowance	on	other	receivables  40  -  123  Sale of scrap materials  301  220  Miscellaneous income  272  140  4,830  5,444   |
|---|

Included	in	government	grants	is	an	amount	of	S$771,000	(2021:	S$3,102,000)	which	was	recognized	during	the financial	year	under	the	Jobs	Support	Scheme	(the	'JSS').	The	JSS	is	a	temporary	scheme	introduced	in	the	Singapore Budget	2020	to	help	enterprises	retain	local	employees.	Under	the	JSS,	employers	will	receive	cash	grants	in	relation to	the	gross	monthly	wages	of	eligible	employees.

## 6.        Finance expenses

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Bank loans interest  1,822  1,493  Factoring interest and charges  42  44  Lease	liabilities	interest  817  562  2,681  2,099   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 7. Profit before income tax

The	following	charges/(credits)	were	included	in	the	determination	of	profit	before	income	tax:

| Group  Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Audit	fees	paid	to	auditors:  -	Auditors	of	the	Company  272  254  -	Other	auditors  60  76  Non-audit	fees	paid	to	auditors:  -	Other	auditors  7  6  Amortization	of	club	membership  18  1  1  Amortization	of	land	use	rights  17  28  19  Depreciation	of	property,	plant	and	equipment  12  12,801  11,041  Directors' fees  37  400  303  Inventories	recognized	as	an	expense	in	cost	of	sales  10,215  7,006  Key	management	personnel	remuneration  37  2,012  1,976  Staff	costs	(including	key	management	personnel	remuneration)  8  41,776  35,730  Included in other operating (income)/expenses:  Loss	allowance	for	trade	receivables  40  1,556  467  Loss	allowance	for	other	receivables  40  282  163  Bad	debts	written	off	(trade)  141  92  Bad	debts	written	off	(non-trade)  -  11  Fair	value	gain	on	investment	property  11  (80)  -  Gain	on	disposal	of	property,	plant	and	equipment  5  (37)  (40)  Loss	on	foreign	exchange	differences  898  1,442   |
|---|

## 8.         Staff costs (including key management personnel remuneration)

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Salaries and bonuses  33,214  30,031  Employers'	contribution	to	defined	contribution	plan  5,745  2,854  Other	related	staff	costs  2,817  2,845  41,776  35,730   |
|---|

Included	in	'Staff	costs'	are	labour	costs	of	approximately	S$29,268,000	(2021:	S$24,316,000)	directly	associated with	the	generation	of	revenue	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 9. Income tax expense

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Current income tax  -	Current  1,769  1,250  -	Under-provision	in	prior	financial	years  207  97  1,976  1,347  Deferred	income	tax	(Note	31)  -	Current  140  (96)  -	Under/(Over)-provision	in	prior	financial	years  115  (63)  255  (159)  Total income tax expense  2,231  1,188   |
|---|

The	Company	is	incorporated	in	Singapore	and	accordingly	is	subject	to	income	tax	rate	of	17%	(2021:	17%).	Taxation for	other	jurisdictions	is	calculated	at	the	rates	prevailing	in	the	relevant	jurisdictions.	There	were	no	changes	in	the enterprise	income	tax	of	the	difference	applicable	jurisdictions	in	the	current	financial	year	from	the	last	financial	year.

Reconciliation	of	effective	tax	rate	is	as	follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Profit	before	income	tax  6,483  4,630  Income tax at statutory rate  1,102  787  Tax	effect	of:  Expenses	not	deductible	for	tax	purposes  354  860  Income not subject to tax  (160)  (710)  Different	tax	rates	of	overseas	operations  472  201  Tax	exemption  (59)  (49)  Unrecognized	deferred	tax	benefits  198  69  Under-provision	in	prior	financial	years  322  34  Others  2  (4)  Total income tax expense  2,231  1,188   |
|---|

At	the	end	of	the	reporting	period,	the	aggregate	amount	of	temporary	differences	associated	with	the	undistributed earnings	of	the	subsidiaries	for	which	deferred	tax	liabilities	have	not	been	recognized	is	approximately	S$1,025,000 (2021:	S$887,000).	No	liability	has	been	recognized	in	respect	of	these	differences	because	the	Group	is	in	a	position to	control	the	timing	of	the	reversal	of	the	temporary	differences	and	it	is	probable	that	such	differences	will	not reverse	in	the	foreseeable	future.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 10.          Basic and diluted earning per share

Basic	earning	per	share	is	calculated	by	dividing	profit	for	the	financial	year	attributable	to	owners	of	the	Company by	the	weighted	average	number	of	ordinary	shares	outstanding	during	the	financial	year.

The	following	table	reflects	the	profit	and	share	data	used	in	the	computation	of	basic	earning	per	share:

| Group  2022  2021  Profit	for	the	financial	year	attributable	to	owners	of	the  Company (S$'000)  3,106  1,737  Weighted	average	number	of	ordinary	shares	outstanding	for	basic  earning per share ('000)  387,027  387,027  Basic earning per share (cents)  0.80  0.45   |
|---|

There	are	no	dilutive	potential	ordinary	shares	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022	and	2021.	Hence,	the basic	earning	per	share	is	the	same	as	the	diluted	earning	per	share.

## 11.          Investment properties

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At	beginning	of	financial	year  850  850  5,900  6,100  Fair	value	gain/(loss)  80  -  100  (200)  At	end	of	financial	year  930  850  6,000  5,900   |
|---|

The	following	amounts	are	recognized	in	profit	or	loss:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Rental income from  investment	property	(Note	5)  41  42  329  283  Direct	operating	expenses  (including repairs and  maintenance) arising from rental  generating	investment	properties  (6)  (6)  (73)  (61)   |
|---|

Investment	properties	of	the	Group	and	the	Company	are	stated	at	fair	value,	which	have	been	determined	based	on valuation	performed	as	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year.	The	valuations	were	performed	by	independent	professional valuers	with	 recognized	 and	 relevant	 professional	 qualifications	 and	with	 recent	 experience	 in	 the	 location	 and category	 of	 property	 being	valued.	The	valuations	 are	 based	 on	 the	 properties'	 highest-and-best-use	 using	 the comparable	market	approach,	by	reference	to	sales	prices	of	comparative	properties	in	close	proximity	and	made adjustments	in	consideration	of	property	sizes	and	remaining	lease	tenures.	The	valuation	confoms	to	International Valuation	Standards.	The	most	significant	input	is	the	price	per	square	foot	of	comparable	properties.

As	at	31	March	2022,	the	investment	properties	are	mortgaged	to	secure	bank	loans	(Note	29).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 11.           Investment properties (Continued)

The	details	of	the	investment	properties	are	as	follows:

| Description and location  Tenure  Unexpired  lease term  Group  Commercial	property	located	at	7030	Ang	Mo	Kio	Avenue	5,	#04-46  Northstar	@	AMK,	Singapore	569880  60	years  44 years and  9 months  Company  Factory	cum	office	located	at	56	Senoko	Road	Woodlands	East	Industrial  Estate	Singapore	758120  28	years  18	years	and  9 months   |
|---|

## 12.          Property, plant and equipment

| Group  Leasehold  premises/  Renovation  Leasehold  land and  buildings  Renovation  Transportation  equipment  Tools and  equipment  Furniture,  fittings,  and office  equipment  Building  under  construction  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cost or valuation  At	1	April	2020  41,692  -  -  28,065  33,511  4,042  -  107,310  Additions  21,062  -  -  3,374  1,523  322  -  26,281  Disposals	/  Written-off  -  -  -  (514)  (235)  (42)  -  (791)  Expiry of lease  (2,979)  -  -  (40)  -  -  -  (3,019)  Reclassification  (59,768)  55,285  4,483  (64)  (2)  66  -  -  Revaluation  -  2,498  -  -  -  -  -  2,498  Exchange  translation  differences  (7)  -  -  (131)  85  (10)  -  (63)  At	31	March	2021  -  57,783  4,483  30,690  34,882  4,378  -  132,216  Additions  -  10,251  85  3,365  1,849  531  828  16,909  Disposals	/  Written-off  -  -  -  (414)  (828)  (49)  -  (1,291)  Expiry of lease  -  (3,026)  -  (278)  -  -  -  (3,304)  Reclassification  -  -  -  -  (6)  6  -  -  Revaluation  -  4,676  -  -  -  -  -  4,676  Exchange  translation  differences  -  186  77  183  764  26  1  1,237  At	31	March	2022  -  69,870  4,645  33,546  36,661  4,892  829  150,443   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 12.          Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

| Group  Leasehold  premises/  Renovation  Leasehold  land and  buildings  Renovation  Transportation  equipment  Tools and  equipment  Furniture,  fittings,  and office  equipment  Building  under  construction  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Comprising:  31 March 2022  At cost  -  25,967  4,645  33,546  36,661  4,892  829  106,540  At	valuation  -  43,903  -  -  -  -  -  43,903  -  69,870  4,645  33,546  36,661  4,892  829  150,443  31 March 2021  At cost  -  18,672  4,483  30,690  34,882  4,378  -  93,105  At	valuation  -  39,111  -  -  -  -  -  39,111  -  57,783  4,483  30,690  34,882  4,378  -  132,216  Accumulated  depreciation  At	1	April	2020  12,928  -  -  18,366  23,564  3,199  -  58,057  Depreciation  6,970  -  -  1,903  2,251  397  -  11,521  Disposals	/  Written-off  -  -  -  (322)  (249)  (65)  -  (636)  Expiry of lease  (2,979)  -  -  (40)  -  -  -  (3,019)  Reclassification  (16,942)  13,223  3,719  -  -  -  -  -  Revaluation  -  (4,646)  -  -  -  -  -  (4,646)  Exchange  translation  differences  23  -  -  (54)  93  -  -  62  At	31	March	2021  -  8,577  3,719  19,853  25,659  3,531  -  61,339  Depreciation  -  7,277  268  2,333  2,544  379  -  12,801  Disposals	/  Written-off  -  -  -  (329)  (817)  (35)  -  (1,181)  Expiry of lease  -  (3,026)  -  (278)  -  -  -  (3,304)  Revaluation  -  (1,220)  -  -  -  -  -  (1,220)  Exchange  translation  differences  -  27  68  261  574  31  -  961  At	31	March	2022  -  11,635  4,055  21,840  27,960  3,906  -  69,396  Carrying amount  At	31	March	2022  -  58,235  590  11,706  8,701  986  829  81,047  At	31	March	2021  -  49,206  764  10,837  9,223  847  -  70,877   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 12.          Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

| Company  Leasehold  premises  S$'000  Cost  At	1	April	2020,	31	March	2021	and	31	March	2022  654  Accumulated depreciation  At	1	April	2020  30  Depreciation  30  At	31	March	2021  60  Depreciation  30  At	31	March	2022  90  Carrying amount  At	31	March	2022  564  At	31	March	2021  594   |
|---|

During	 the	 previous	 financial	 year,	 the	 Group	 received	 rent	 concessions	 of	 S$480,000	 for	 the	 leases	 from	 its respective	landlords	as	assistance	to	tide	over	the	impact	of	COVID-19.	The	Group	applied	the	practical	expedient for	eligible	rent	concessions.	The	rent	concessions	received	were	netted	off	against	the	depreciation	of	property, plant	and	equipment	in	profit	or	loss.

Property,	 plant	 and	 equipment	 of	 the	 Group	 and	 Company	 includes	 right-of-use	 assets	 of	 S$21,174,000	 and S$564,000	(2021:	S$16,111,000	and	S$594,000)	respectively	which	are	presented	together	with	the	owned	assets of	the	same	class	as	the	underlying	assets.	Details	of	the	right-of-use	assets	are	disclosed	in	Note	30(a).

During	 the	 financial	 year,	 the	 Group	 acquired	 property,	 plant	 and	 equipment	 and	 right-of-use	 assets	 with	 an aggregate	cost	of	S$16,909,000	(2021:	S$26,281,000)	of	which	S$13,305,000	(2021:	S$9,803,000)	were	acquired by	means	of	leases.	Cash	payments	of	S$3,604,000	(2021:	S$16,478,000)	were	made	to	purchase	property,	plant and	equipment.

In	addition,	the	Group's	leasehold	land	and	buildings	with	carrying	amount	of	S$38,652,000	(2021:	S$34,096,000) are	mortgaged	to	secure	the	Company's	bank	loans	(Note	29)	and	certain	credit	facilities	granted	from	banks.

As	at	31	March	2022,	leasehold	land	and	buildings	were	revalued	by	independent	professional	valuers	based	on the	presumption	that	the	Group's	current	use	of	the	properties	is	their	highest	and	best	use	in	the	absence	of	other factors	proving	otherwise.

The	fair	value	are	generally	derived	using	the	following	methods:

- -Income	capitalization	approach	-	Properties	are	valued	by	capitalizing	net	rental	income	after	property	tax at	a	rate	which	reflects	the	present	and	potential	income	growth	and	over	the	unexpired	lease	term.
- -Comparable	market	approach	-	Properties	are	valued	using	transacted	prices	for	comparable	properties in	the	vicinity	and	elsewhere	with	adjustment	made	for	differences	in	location,	tenure,	size,	shape,	design, age	and	condition	of	buildings,	date	of	transactions	and	the	prevailing	market	condition.
- -Depreciated	 replacement	 cost	 approach	 -	 Current	 replacement	 cost	 of	 properties,	 less	 accumulated depreciation	calculated	 on	 the	 basis	 of	 such	 cost	 to	 reflect	 the	 consumed	 or	 expired	 future	 economic benefits	of	the	properties.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 12.          Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

The	professional	valuers	are	of	the	view	that	the	valuation	methods	and	estimates	are	reflective	of	current	market conditions	and	have	taken	into	account	the	impact	of	COVID-19	pandemic	outbreak	based	on	information	available as	at	31	March	2022.

Included	in	carrying	amount	of	leasehold	land	and	buildings	at	cost	is	right-of-use	assets	of	S$14,332,000	as	at 31	March	2022	(2021:	S$10,095,000).	If	the	leasehold	land	and	buildings	stated	at	valuation	were	included	in the	 financial	 statements	 at	 cost,	 the	 carrying	 amount	 would	 have	 been	 approximately	 S$30,958,000	 (2021: S$31,967,000).

The	movements	in	the	assets	revaluation	reserve	for	leasehold	land	and	buildings	as	at	31	March	as	follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At beginning of year  7,144  -  Revaluation	gain	during	the	year  5,896  7,144  At end of year  13,040  7,144   |
|---|

Details	of	the	leasehold	land	and	buildings	held	by	the	Group	as	at	31	March	2022	are	set	out	below:

| Entity  Description and location  Tenure  Unexpired  lease term  Chasen Holdings Limited  Factory	cum	office	located	at	56	Senoko	Road  Woodlands	East	Industrial	Estate	Singapore	758120  28	years  18	years	and  9 months  Chasen	Logistics  Services	Limited  Factory	cum	office	building	located	at  18	Jalan	Besut	Singapore	619571  41	years  22	years  Chasen	Logistics  Services	Limited  Factory	located	at	6	Tuas	Avenue	20  Singapore	638820  60	years  31	years  Chasen	Logistics  Sdn.	Bhd.  Warehouse	cum	office	building	located	at  Number	1099,	Solok	Perindustrian	Bukit	Minyak,  T aman	Perindustrian	Bukit	Minyak,	14100	Simpang  Ampat,	Pulau	Pinang,	West	Malaysia  60	years  48	years	and  11	months  City Zone Express  Bonded Warehouse  Sdn.	Bhd.  Bonded	warehouse	located	at	Plot	99-A,	Solok	Bayan  Lepas,	Kawasan	Perindustrian	Bayan	Lepas,	11900  Bayan	Lepas,	Pulau	Pinang,	Malaysia  60	years  41	years	and  3	months  Chasen	(Chuzhou)  Hi-Tech	Machinery  Warehouse	cum	office	building	located	at		No	5,  Zhenjiang	Road,	ChuZhou,	Anhui,	China  50 years  45 years and  6	months   |
|---|

Services	Pte	Ltd

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Unquoted	equity	share,	at	cost  At beginning of year  37,150  38,150  Less:	Provision	of	impairment	losses  -  (1,000)  At end of year  37,150  37,150   |
|---|

Movements	in	the	Company's	provision	of	impairment	losses	for	its	investments	in	subsidiaries	as	at	31	March	are as	follows:

| Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At beginning of year  -  1,000  Disposed during the year  -  (1,000)  At end of year  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The	details	of	the	subsidiaries	are	as	follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Place of business  / Country of  incorporation  Principal  activities  Effective interest held  by the Group  2022  %  2021  %  Held by the Company  Chasen	Logistics	&amp;	Engineering  Services	Pte.	Ltd.  (i)  Singapore  Investment	holding  100  100  Chasen	Logistics	Services	Limited  (i)  Singapore  Relocation	services,  industrial	packing,  warehousing,  transportation,  freight forwarding  and shipping  100  100  City	Zone	Express	Pte.	Ltd.  (i)  Singapore  Investment  holding and  freight	forwarding,  logistics,  relocation,  warehousing and  general contractors  75  75  CLE	Engineering	Services  Pte.	Ltd.  (i)  Singapore  Investment	holding  100  100  Ruiheng	International	Pte.	Ltd.  (i)  Singapore  Investment	holding  100  100   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

| Name of subsidiary  Place of business  / Country of  incorporation  Principal  activities  Effective interest held  by the Group  2022  %  2021  %  Held by subsidiaries  Chasen	(Chuzhou)	Hi-Tech  Machinery	Services	Pte	Ltd  (ii)  PRC  General	activities  related	to	high	value  machinery and  equipment  100  100  Chasen	(India)	Hi-Tech	Logistics  Services	Private	Limited 	(vi)  India  Provision	of	specialist  relocation	solutions  100  100  Chasen	(Shanghai)	Hi-Tech  Machinery	Services	Pte	Ltd  (ii)  PRC  General	activities  relating	to	high	value  machinery and  equipment  100  100  Chasen	(USA),	Inc.	 (vi)  United	States  of America  Relocation	services,  industrial	packing,  warehousing,  transportation,	freight  forwarding and  shipping  100  100  Chasen	Engineering	Sdn.	Bhd.  (iii)  Malaysia  Providing	services	on  cryogenic pump  100  100  City Zone Express (Shanghai)  Pte Ltd  (vi)  PRC  Providing	third-party  logistics	services  75  (Note a)  100  Chasen	Logistics	Sdn.	Bhd.  (iii)  Malaysia  Providing	of	logistics  and	transportation  services  100  100  Chasen Sinology (Beijing)  Logistics	Co.,	Ltd  (vi)  PRC  Provision	of	artifact  packaging and  transportation  services  100  100  Chasen	Sino-Sin	(Beijing)  Hi-Tech	Services	Pte	Ltd	 (vi)  PRC  General	activities  relating	to	high  tech machinery  and	equipment,	and  relocation	services  100  100  Chasen	Transport	Logistics  Co.,	Ltd  (iv)  Vietnam  Provider	of	third-party  logistics	services	and  warehousing  100  100  (Note b)  City Zone Asiatrans  Corporation 	(vi)*  Vietnam  Freight forwarding and  local trucking  -  -  (Note c)  City Zone Express Vietnam  Company Limited  (vi)*  Vietnam  Freight forwarding and  local trucking  51.6  51.6  (Note d)   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

| Name of subsidiary  Place of business  / Country of  incorporation  Principal  activities  Effective interest held  by the Group  2022  %  2021  %  Held	by	subsidiaries	(Continued)  City Zone Express Bonded  Warehouse	Sdn.	Bhd.  (iii)  Malaysia  Bonded	warehousing,  transportation,	freight  forwarding,	rigging  and others related  logistics  72  72  City	Zone	Express	Co.,	Ltd	 (v)  Thailand  Freight forwarding  52.5  52.5  City	Zone	Express	Sdn.	Bhd.  (iii)  Malaysia  Provider	of	third-party  logistics	services,  transporting	and  warehousing	service  72  72  City Zone Express Worldwide  Co.,	Ltd  (v)^  Thailand  Freight forwarding  49.9  49.9  DNKH	Logistics	Pte.	Ltd.  (i)  Singapore  Provider	of	freight  forwarding,	logistics,  transportation	and  general warehousing  services  60  60  Global	Technology	Synergy  Pte.	Ltd.  (i)  Singapore  General	building  engineering	service,  process engineering  and	construction  100  100  Goh	Kwang	Heng	Pte	Ltd  (i)  Singapore  Scaffolding	service  provider	to  construction  industries  100  100  Goh	Kwang	Heng	Scaffolding  Pte Ltd  (i)  Singapore  Scaffolding  equipment	services  100  100  HLE	Construction	&amp;  Engineering	Sdn.	Bhd.  (iii)  Malaysia  Construction	and  engineering,	projects  and general trading  53  53  Hup Lian Engineering Pte Ltd  (i)  Singapore  Engineering and  structural steel  fabrication	supplier  and installer  100  100  Liten	Logistics	Services	Pte	Ltd  (i)  Singapore  Machinery and  equipment	moving,  general warehouse  and	logistics  management  100  100  REI	Technologies	Pte.	Ltd.  (i)  Singapore  Engineering	services  100  100  REI	(TL)	Construction	&amp;  Engineering	Pty,	Lda 	(vi)  Timor-Leste  Construction	and  engineering	services  100  100   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

| Name of subsidiary  Place of business  / Country of  incorporation  Principal  activities  Effective interest held  by the Group  2022  %  2021  %  Held	by	subsidiaries	(Continued)  REI Promax Technologies  Pte.	Ltd.  (i)  Singapore  Precision manufacturing  of machine tool  accessories  55  55  Shanghai FengChuang Enterprise  Management Consultant  Co.,	Ltd  (vi)  PRC  Management  consultancy  -  -  (Note e)  Shanghai	FengChuang	M	&amp;	E  Equipment	Co.,	Ltd 	(vi)  PRC  Design,	engineering,  installation	of  machinery and  equipment  -  -  (Note e)  Suzhou	Promax	Communication  T echnology	Co.,	Ltd  (ii)  PRC  Contract manufacturing  55  55  Team	Glass	Engineering  Pte.	Ltd.  (i)  Singapore  General	building  engineering design  and consultancy  services	and	general  contractor for  aluminium and  glazing	work	for  carrying out  facade and cladding  construction  51  51  Towards	Green	Sdn.	Bhd.  (iii)  Malaysia  Engineering and  contracting	work  100  100   |
|---|

(i) Audited	by	Mazars	LLP,	Singapore.

(ii) Audited	by	Mazars	Shanghai,	PRC	for	consolidation	purposes.

(iii) Audited	by	Grant	Thornton,	Malaysia.

(iv) Audited	by	Mazars	Vietnam	for	consolidation	purposes.

(v) Audited	by	CDP	Accounting	&amp;	Consultancy	Partnership.

(vi) Not	audited	as	insignificant	to	the	Group.

* City	Zone	Express	Vietnam	Company	Limited	is	considered	to	be	a	subsidiary	as	it	is	70%	collectively	held by	City	Zone	Express	Pte.	Ltd.,	City	Zone	Express	Co.,	Ltd	and	Chasen	Transport	Logistics	Co.,	Ltd	which	are substantially	owned	by	the	Company.

^ City	Zone	Express	Worldwide	Co.,	Ltd.	is	considered	to	be	a	subsidiary	as	it	is	95%	held	by	City	Zone Express	Co.,	Ltd,	which	is	70%	held	by	City	Zone	Express	Pte.	Ltd.	which	in	turn	is	75%	directly	owned	by the	Company.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

Interest in subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests ('NCI')

The	Group	has	the	following	subsidiaries	that	have	NCI	that	are	material	to	the	Group.

| Name of subsidiary  Proportion of  ownership interest  held by NCI  Profit/(Loss)  allocated to NCI during  the financial year  Accumulated NCI  at the end of  financial year  Dividends  paid to  NCI  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  City	Zone	Express	Sdn.	Bhd.  28  28  768  757  2,533  1,759  -  -  City	Zone	Express	Co.,	Ltd  48  48  292  230  707  441  -  -  DNKH	Logistics	Pte.	Ltd.  40  40  261  334  1,285  1,104  80  -  HLE	Construction	&amp;	Engineering  Sdn.	Bhd.  47  47  (13)  (23)  (919)  (884)  -  -  REI	Promax	Technologies	Pte.	Ltd.  and its subsidiary  45  45  53  529  2,517  2,499  -  -  Team	Glass	Engineering	Pte.	Ltd.  49  49  (464)  (334)  (703)  (232)  -  -   |
|---|

There	are	no	significant	restrictions	on	the	Group's	ability	to	access	or	use	the	assets	and	settle	the	liabilities	of	the Group	except	for	cash	and	bank	balances	held	in	the	People's	Republic	of	China	of	S$2,404,000	(2021:	S$2,368,000) which	are	subject	to	local	exchange	control	regulations	which	restrict	the	amount	of	currency	to	be	exported	other than	through	dividends.

## Summarized financial information about subsidiaries with material NCI

Summarized	financial	information	before	intercompany	eliminations	are	as	follows:

| City Zone  Express  Sdn. Bhd.  City Zone  Express  Co., Ltd  DNKH  Logistics  Pte. Ltd.  HLE Construction  &amp; Engineering  Sdn. Bhd.  REI Promax  Technologies  Pte. Ltd.  and its  subsidiary  Team Glass  Engineering  Pte. Ltd.  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Assets:  Non-current	assets  6,253  5,029  1,138  940  138  78  25  42  3,133  7,035  326  76  Current assets  17,362  12,445  2,775  3,881  2,153  2,298  8  8  3,185  11,082  645  1,008  Liabilities:  Non-current	liabilities  2,201  1,761  122  -  -  -  -  -  2,073  533  -  -  Current	liabilities  12,628  9,432  2,382  3,892  677  884  1,933  1,931  2,263  12,032  2,405  1,559  Net	assets/(liabilities)  8,786  6,281  1,409  929  1,614  1,532  (1,900)  (1,881)  1,982  5,552  (1,434)  (475)  Results:  Revenue  43,759  30,700  15,937  11,173  1,809  1,311  -  -  4,907  20,220  3,114  1,751  Profit/(Loss)	before  income tax  3,668  3,475  644  559  100  133  (28)  (49)  269  1,245  (954)  (674)  Profit/(Loss)	for	the  financial	year  2,660  2,702  604  484  94  131  (28)  (49)  251  1,176  (947)  (682)   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 13. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

## Financial year ended 31 March 2022

## (a) Dilution of interest in a subsidiary without loss of control

Following	the	completion	of	the	Group's	internal	restructuring	exercise,	the	Group	effective	interest	in subsidiary	City	Zone	Express	(Shanghai)	Pte	Ltd	('CZESH')	is	diluted	from	100%	to	75%	without	a	loss	of control.	The	Group	still	controls	CZESH.

The	effects	of	the	change	in	the	Group's	ownership	interest	in	CZESH	on	equity	attributable	to	owner	of the	Company	amounted	to	S$240,000	has	been	recognized	in	'Capital	reserve'	within	equity.

## Financial year ended 31 March 2021

## (b) Acquisition of non-controlling interests - Chasen Transport Logistics Co., Ltd ('CTL')

Before	4	June	2020,	the	Company's	subsidiary,	Ruiheng	International	Pte.	Ltd.	('RHI')	owned	70%	equity interest	in	CTL.

On	4	June	2020,	RHI	purchased	from	an	individual,	Mr	Vo	Quoc	Vu,	30%	equity	interest	in	CTL	for	a	total consideration	of	VND6.67	billion	(equivalent	to	S$401,000).

As	a	result	of	this	acquisition,	CTL	is	100%	owned	subsidiary	of	the	Group.

The	effect	of	the	change	in	the	Group's	ownership	interest	in	CTL	on	the	equity	attributable	to	owners	of the	Company	has	been	recognized	in	'Capital	reserve'	within	equity	as	summarized	below:

| S$'000  Consideration	paid	for	acquisition	of	non-controlling	interests  (305)  Consideration	payable	for	acquisition	of	non-controlling	interest  (96)  Decrease	in	equity	attributable	to	non-controlling	interests  533  Increase	in	equity	attributable	to	owners	of	the	Company  132   |
|---|

## (c) De-registration of a subsidiary - City Zone Asiatrans Corporation ('CZAT')

On	21	March	2021,	CZAT	was	de-registered	from	the	Registrar	of	Companies	in	Socialist	Republic	of Vietnam.

## (d) Incorporation of a subsidiary - City Zone Express Vietnam Company Limited ('CZEV')

On	21	April	2020,	City	Zone	Express	Pte.	Ltd.,	City	Zone	Express	Co.,	Ltd	and	CTL	incorporated	a	subsidiary known	as	CZEV	jointly	with	Mr	Tran	Van	Hao	which	held	30%	equity	interest	in	CZEV.	This	is	to	complement the	Group's	current	land	cross-border	business	and	extend	the	Group	third	party	logistics	capability	into Vietnam	and	Indo-China	to	enhance	long	term	sustainable	growth	in	this	business	segment.

## (e) De-registration of subsidiaries - Shanghai FengChuang M &amp; E Equipment Co., Ltd ('SHFCME') and Shanghai FengChuang Enterprise Management Consultant Co., Ltd ('SHFCEMC')

On	10	November	2020,	SHFCME	was	de-registered	from	the	agency	of	Shanghai	Municipal	Administration for	 Market	 Regulation.	 Following	 the	 de-registration	 of	 SHFCME,	 SHFCEMC,	 being	 the	wholly-owned subsidiary	of	SHFCME	ceased	as	the	indirect	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	the	Group.	Net	cash	outflow	in de-registration	amounted	to	S$27,000.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 14. Investment in associate

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Unquoted equity shares, at cost  At	beginning	and	end	of	financial	year  409  409  -  -  Share of accumulated post-acquisition results  At	beginning	and	end	of	financial	year  (409)  (409)  -  -  Carrying amount  -  -  -  -  The	details	of	the	associate	are	as	follows:  Name of associate  Place of business  / Country of  incorporation  Principal  activities  Proportion  of ownership  interest  2022  2021  %  %  Held	by	Chasen	Sino-Sin	(Beijing)  Hi-Tech	Services	Pte	Ltd  Amber	Digital	Solutions	(Beijing)  Pte Ltd  (i)  PRC  Providing	3D	high  resolution	digital  imaging of  cultural heritage  relics and  museum  30  30   |
|---|

(i) Not	audited	as	insignificant	to	the	Group.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 14. Investment in associate (Continued)

Summarized financial information of the Group's associate

The	summarized	financial	information	in	respect	of	Amber	Digital	Solutions	(Beijing)	Pte	Ltd	based	on	its	SFRS(I) financial	statements	and	reconciliation	with	the	carrying	amount	of	the	investment	in	the	consolidated	financial statements	are	as	follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Assets and liabilities:  Non-current	assets  2  3  Current assets  603  672  Total assets  605  675  Current	liabilities  (3,448)  (3,433)  Total	liabilities  (3,448)  (3,433)  Net	liabilities  (2,843)  (2,758)  Group's	share	of	associate's	net	liabilities  (853)  (827)  Goodwill	on	acquisition  371  371  Other	adjustments  482  456  Carrying	amount	of	the	investment  -  -  Results:  Revenue  141  402  Profit/(Loss)	for	the	financial	year  26  (182)  Current year's share of losses:  Unrecognized	profit/(losses)  8  (55)  Movement	of	cumulative	share	of	unrecognized	losses:  At	beginning	of	financial	year  697  642  (Profit)/Loss	during	the	financial	year  (8)  55  At	end	of	financial	year  689  697   |
|---|

The	Group	has	not	recognized	losses	relating	to	Amber	Digital	Solutions	(Beijing)	Pte	Ltd	where	its	share	of	losses exceed	the	Group's	carrying	amount	of	its	investment	in	this	associate.	The	Group's	cumulative	share	of	unrecognized losses	were	S$689,000	(2021:	S$697,000).	The	Group	has	no	obligation	in	respect	of	those	losses.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 15. Goodwill on consolidation

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At	beginning	and	end	of	financial	year  10,559  10,559   |
|---|

Goodwill	 acquired	 through	 business	 combinations	 is	 allocated,	 at	 acquisition,	 to	 the	 respective	 CGU	 that	 are expected	to	benefit	from	the	synergies	of	those	business	combinations.

The	carrying	amount	of	goodwill	had	been	allocated	by	CGU	or	groups	of	CGU	as	follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Global	Technology	Synergy	Pte.	Ltd.	/	Towards	Green	Sdn.	Bhd.	('GTS	Group')  2,908  2,908  Goh	Kwang	Heng	Pte	Ltd	/	Goh	Kwang	Heng	Scaffolding	Pte	Ltd  ('GKH	Group')  1,311  1,311  Liten	Logistics	Services	Pte	Ltd	/	Chasen	Logistics	Services	Limited  ('LLS	&amp;	CLSG')  4,186  4,186  Hup Lian Engineering Pte Ltd ('HLE')  2,006  2,006  Others  148  148  10,559  10,559   |
|---|

The	carrying	amount	of	goodwill	had	been	allocated	by	reportable	operating	segments	and	geographical	areas	as follows:

| Specialist  Relocation  Solutions  Technical &amp;  Engineering  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  2022 and 2021  Singapore  4,186  6,224  10,410  PRC  66  -  66  Vietnam  83  -  83  4,335  6,224  10,559   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Impairment	testing	of	goodwill

The	Group	tests	CGU	for	impairment	annually,	or	more	frequently	if	there	is	an	indication	of	impairment.

The	recoverable	amounts	of	the	CGU	are	determined	from	value-in-use	calculations.	Cash	flow	projections	used	in the	value-in-use	calculations	were	based	on	financial	budgets	approved	by	Board	of	Directors	covering	a	five-year period.	The	key	assumptions	for	these	value-in-use	calculations	are	those	regarding	the	discount	rates,	growth	rates and	expected	changes	to	gross	margins	during	the	period.	Management	estimates	discount	rates	using	pre-tax	rates that	reflect	current	market	assessments	of	the	time	value	of	money	and	the	risks	specifics	to	the	CGUs.	The	growth rates	are	based	on	industry	growth	forecasts.	Changes	in	gross	margins	are	based	on	past	practices	and	expectations of	future	changes	in	the	market.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 15. Goodwill on consolidation (Continued)

Key	 assumptions	 on	 which	 management	 has	 based	 its	 cash	 flow	 projections	 for	 the	 respective	 periods	 of	 the significant	CGU	are	as	follows:

| GTS Group  GKH Group  LLS &amp; CLSG  HLE  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Gross	margin  (i)  28%  27%  24%  25%  30%  to	41%  41%  18%  18%  Growth	rates  (ii)  5%  to	15%  5%  to	53%  5%  to	228%  5%  to	258%  3%  to	5%  3%  2%  to	280%  5%  to	324%  Discount rates  (iii)  9%  9%  9.6%  9.6%  3.8%  to	4.1%  3.3%  to	4.7%  9.6%  9.6%  Terminal growth rates  (iv)  1%  1%  1%  1%  1%  1%  1%  1%   |
|---|

Key	assumptions	used	in	the	value-in-use	calculations

- (i) Budgeted  gross  margins -	 Budgeted	 gross	 margins	 are	 determined	 based	 on	 past	 performance	 and	 its expectations	of	market	developments.
- (ii) Growth rates -	 The	 forecasted	 growth	 rates	 are	 based	 on	 published	 industry	 research	 relevant	 to	 the CGUs,	if	any	or	based	on	management	experience,	taking	into	account	of	the	forecasted	growth	rates relevant	to	the	environment	where	the	CGUs	operate	in.
- (iii) Discount rates -	The	discount	rates	used	are	based	on	the	weighted	average	cost	of	the	CGU's	capital (the	 'WACC'),	 adjusted	 for	 the	 specific	 circumstances	 of	 the	 CGU	 and	 based	 on	 management's experience,	and	re-grossed	back	to	arrive	at	the	pre-tax	rates.
- (iv) Terminal growth rates -	The	terminal	growth	rates	are	determined	based	on	management's	estimate	of	the long-term	industry	growth	rates.

## Sensitivity to changes in assumptions

Management	is	of	the	view	that	any	reasonable	possible	change	in	any	of	the	above	key	assumptions	are	not	likely to	materially	cause	the	CGU's	carrying	amount	to	exceed	its	recoverable	amount.

## Impairment loss recognized

No	impairment	loss	was	recognized	during	the	current	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022	and	2021.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 16. Intangible assets

| Know-how*  Non-  contractual  customer  relationship**  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cost  At	1	April	2020,	31	March	2021	and	2022  440  966  1,406  Accumulated amortization  At	1	April	2020,	31	March	2021	and	2022  440  966  1,406  Carrying amount  At	31	March	2022	and	2021  -  -  -   |
|---|

* Cost	of	Know-how	is	attributable	to	the	skills	and	technical	talent	in	relation	to	the	artifact	packaging	and transportation	business.

** Cost	 of	 Non-contractual	 customer	 relationships	 is	 attributable	 to	 long-term	 relationship	with	 its	 major customers	since	incorporation.

## 17. Land use rights

| Group  S$'000  Cost  At	1	April	2020  953  Revaluation  292  Exchange	translation	differences  9  At	31	March	2021  1,254  Revaluation  (11)  Exchange	translation	differences  49  At	31	March	2022  1,292  Accumulated amortization  At	1	April	2020  45  Amortization	charge	for	the	financial	year  19  Revaluation  (66)  Exchange	translation	differences  2  At	31	March	2021  -  Amortization	charge	for	the	financial	year  28  Revaluation  (28)  At	31	March	2022  -  Carrying amount  At	31	March	2022  1,292  At	31	March	2021  1,254   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 17. Land use rights (Continued)

The	Group	has	land	use	rights	over	a	plot	of	state-owned	land	in	PRC	to	house	the	factory	and	warehouse	of	one	of its	subsidiaries	in	PRC	operating	in	the	Specialist	Relocation	Business	Segment.	The	land	use	rights	are	transferable and	have	a	remaining	tenure	of	45	years	and	6	months	(2021:	46	years	and	6	months).

Land	use	rights	is	revalued	by	an	independent	professional	valuation	firm,	by	reference	to	market	evidence	of	recent transactions	for	similar	properties.	The	valuation	is	based	on	the	land	use	rights'	highest-and-best-use	using	both	the Depreciated	Replacement	Cost	approach	and	Income	Capitalization	approach.

If	the	land	use	rights	stated	at	valuation	were	included	in	the	financial	statements	at	cost,	the	carrying	amount	would have	been	approximately	S$872,000	(2021:	S$896,000).	The	movements	in	the	assets	revaluation	reserve	for	land use	rights	as	at	31	March	as	follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At beginning of year  358  -  Revaluation	gain	during	the	year  17  358  At end of the year  375  358   |
|---|

## 18. Club membership

| Group  S$'000  Cost  At	1	April	2020,	31	March	2021	and	2022  15  Accumulated amortization  At	1	April	2020  12  Amortization	charge	for	the	financial	year  1  At	31	March	2021  13  Amortization	charge	for	the	financial	year  1  At	31	March	2022  14  Carrying amount  At	31	March	2022  1  At	31	March	2021  2   |
|---|

The	club	membership	was	paid	for	by	the	Group	for	the	benefit	of	a	director	in	accordance	with	his	Service	Agreement ('Agreement').	Accordingly,	the	director	held	the	membership	in	trust	for	the	Group.	Pursuant	to	the	Agreement,	the director	is	entitled	to	benefit	from	the	membership	as	long	as	he	maintains	his	role	as	an	Executive	Director	of	the Group	up	to	31	March	2023	for	15	years'	term.	Upon	completion	of	the	specified	term	(15	years),	the	benefit	of	the club	will	be	entirely	vested	in	the	director.	Consequently,	the	membership	will	be	deemed	disposed.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 19. Other investments

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At	beginning	of	financial	year  4,632  5,155  -  523  Loss	on	fair	value	changes	recognized  in	other	comprehensive	income  (4,632)  (523)  -  (523)  At	end	of	financial	year  -  4,632  -  -  Details of other investments at FVTOCI  Unquoted	equity	instruments  -	GBM	Gold	Ltd  -  -  -  -  -	Eons	Global	Holdings	Pte	Ltd  -  4,632  -  -  Total	financial	assets	held	at	FVTOCI  -  4,632  -  -   |
|---|

Investment	in	GBM	Gold	Ltd

The	unquoted	equity	instrument	measured	at	FVTOCI.	The	carrying	amount	of	investment	in	GBM	Gold	Ltd	('GBM') as	at	31	March	2022	was	S$Nil	(2021:	S$Nil).

The	unquoted	equity	securities	was	measured	at	the	price	before	the	trading	halt	as	it	is	not	practicable	to	determine with	sufficient	reliability,	its	fair	value.

On	13	October	2020,	GBM	was	delisted	and	removed	from	the	Official	List	of	ASX	under	the	Listing	Rule	17.12. Consequently,	an	application	 for	winding	 up	was	 filed	 against	 GBM	 by	 a	 creditor	 on	 the	Australia	 Securities	 &amp; Investments	Commission	('ASIC').	The	application	was	subsequently	withdrawn	and	dismissed	by	the	ASIC.	On	12 November	2021,	the	South	Australian	division	of	the	Federal	Court	ordered	GBM	to	be	wound	up	and	a	liquidator, Worrells	was	appointed.

In	view	of	the	above,	management	is	unable	to	obtain	any	latest	financial	information	of	GBM	and	hence	its	inability to	estimate	the	fair	value	of	the	unquoted	instrument	reliably.	Having	considered	this	and	GBM	has	been	delisted due	to	its	inability	to	secure	an	extension	of	its	listing	status	beyond	the	second	anniversary	of	the	suspension	of trading	of	its	shares	as	well	as	the	ongoing	administration	of	Kralcopic	Pty	Ltd,	a	subsidiary	of	GBM,	management	is of	the	view	that	the	fair	value	of	this	investment	would	be	S$Nil.

As	at	31	March	2022,	GBM's	issued	number	of	ordinary	shares	is	1,118,329,556	(2021:	1,118,319,556)	and	the Company's	shareholding	in	GBM	is	6.76%	(2021:	6.76%).

## *	AU$:	Australian	dollars

## Investment	in	Eons	Global	Holdings	Pte	Ltd

The	investment	in	unquoted	equity	instrument	measured	at	FVTOCI	relates	to	investment	in	one	private	company, Eons	Global	Holdings	Pte	Ltd	('EGH'),	incorporated	in	Singapore	which	is	engaged	in	the	provision	of	management consultancy	services	and	have	no	fixed	maturity	date	or	coupon	rate	and	are	denominated	in	Singapore	dollars.

On	21	November	2018,	the	Company	and	its	wholly-owned	subsidiary,	GTS	had	entered	into	a	conditional	SPA with	a	third	party	('Purchaser'),	to	dispose	an	additional	37%	of	its	equity	interest	in	EGH	for	an	aggregate	cash consideration	of	RMB25	million	(equivalent	to	S$4.94	million).	The	decision	was	consistent	with	the	Company's strategic	plan	to	rationalize	its	investments,	taking	into	consideration	the	financial	positions	and	business	prospects of	EGH.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 19. Other investments (Continued)

## Investment	in	Eons	Global	Holdings	Pte	Ltd	(Continued)

As	at	31	March	2022,	the	sale	is	not	completed	as	the	Group	has	not	received	the	full	payment	of	RMB25	million. The	Group	would	transfer	the	shares	in	EGH	to	the	Purchaser	upon	receipt	of	the	full	payment	of	RMB25	million.

For	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022	and	2021,	the	fair	value	of	this	equity	instrument	was	determined	based on	the	market	approach	which	uses	prices	and	other	relevant	information	that	have	been	generated	by	market transactions	that	involve	identical	or	comparable	assets	and	also	taking	into	account	the	lack	of	liquidity	of	the unquoted	equity	instrument.

## 20. Inventories

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Raw materials  1,113  744  Work-in-progress  2,469  2,215  Finished goods  1,093  1,945  Consumables  3,482  1,339  8,157  6,243   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. Contract assets

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Contract assets from contracts with customers  Unbilled	revenue  1,008  1,009   |
|---|

The	unbilled	revenue	relates	to	the	revenue	recognized	to	date	but	has	not	been	invoiced	to	the	customers	as	at	the financial	year	end	and	is	transferred	to	trade	receivables	at	the	point	when	it	is	invoiced	to	the	customers.

Contract	assets	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022	decreased	due	to	less	works	being	done	but	not	yet billed	as	of	year	end.

## 22. Trade receivables

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Non-current  Third party  271  -  Current  Third	parties  53,802  49,062  Retention	receivables  458  525  Less:	Loss	allowance	on	trade	receivables  (5,658)  (5,907)  48,602  43,680  48,873  43,680   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 22. Trade receivables (Continued)

Trade	receivables	(non-current)	are	non-interest	bearing	and	related	to	a	customer	that	entered	into	a	settlement agreement	which	will	require	repayment	by	way	of	102	monthly	installments.

Trade	receivables	(current)	are	non-interest	bearing	and	the	average	credit	period	on	sale	of	goods	ranges	from	30 to	90	(2021:	30	to	90)	days	according	to	the	terms	agreed	with	the	customers.	They	are	recognized	at	their	original invoice	amounts	which	represent	their	fair	values	on	initial	recognition.

The	Group's	trade	receivables	are	denominated	in	the	following	currencies	as	at	reporting	date:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore dollar  17,374  16,936  Chinese Renminbi  12,147  11,766  Malaysian Ringgit  8,307  4,746  Thai Baht  1,561  2,712  United	States	dollar  8,274  6,024  Vietnamese Dong  1,210  1,496  48,873  43,680   |
|---|

## 23. Other receivables, deposits and prepayments

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Non-current  Other	receivables  1,062  1,051  -  -  Less:	Loss	allowance	on  other	receivables  (1,062)  (772)  -  -  -  279  -  -  Current  Deposits paid  3,097  2,132  6  6  Other	receivables  7,923  8,405  58  26  Less:	Loss	allowance	on  other	receivables  (483)  (1,081)  -  -  7,440  7,324  58  26  Prepayments	for	service	fees  4,385  4,368  -  -  Other	prepayments  1,936  1,477  17  20  6,321  5,845  17  20  16,858  15,301  81  52  Total  16,858  15,580  81  52   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 23. Other receivables, deposits and prepayments (Continued)

Other	receivables	(non-current)	were	unsecured,	interest-free,	and	not	expected	to	be	repaid	within	the	next	twelve months.

The	Group's	and	the	Company's	other	receivables,	deposits	and	prepayments	are	denominated	in	the	following currencies	as	at	reporting	date:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore dollar  4,360  4,188  81  52  Chinese Renminbi  8,919  9,137  -  -  Malaysian Ringgit  2,077  1,199  -  -  Thai Baht  500  202  -  -  United	States	dollar  693  748  -  -  Vietnamese Dong  309  106  -  -  16,858  15,580  81  52   |
|---|

## 24. Amounts due from subsidiaries

The	amounts	due	from	subsidiaries	(net)	are	non-trade	in	nature,	unsecured,	interest-free,	repayable	on	demand, except	for	certain	amounts	due	from	subsidiaries	amounting	to	S$13,001,000	(2021:	S$17,698,000)	which	bears effective	 interest	 rate	 at	 4.25%	 (2021:	 4.25%)	 per	 annum.	 Amounts	 due	 from	 subsidiaries	 are	 denominated	 in Singapore	dollar	as	at	reporting	date.

## 25. Cash and cash equivalents

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cash and bank balances  14,798  13,711  326  470  Fixed deposits placed with banks  4,334  2,359  -  -  19,132  16,070  326  470   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash	at	banks	earns	interest	at	floating	rates	based	on	daily	bank	deposit	rates.

The	 fixed	 deposits	 of	 S$3,090,000	 (2021:	 S$2,194,000)	 were	 pledged	 to	 financial	 institutions	 as	 securities	 for banking	facilities	and	performance	guarantees	of	the	Group.

Fixed	deposits	of	the	Group	bear	interest	rates	ranging	from	0.05%	to	1.85%	(2021:	0.05%	to	2.1%)	per	annum	with average	maturity	period	ranging	from	one	to	twelve	months	(2021:	one	to	twelve	months)	at	the	end	of	the	financial year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 25. Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

The	 Group's	 and	 the	 Company's	 cash	 and	 cash	 equivalents	 are	 denominated	 in	 the	 following	 currencies	 as	 at reporting	date:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore dollar  9,277  7,760  284  463  Chinese Renminbi  2,405  2,163  -  -  Malaysian Ringgit  2,577  3,116  -  -  Thai Baht  1,519  968  -  -  United	States	dollar  2,067  1,592  42  7  Vietnamese Dong  1,287  471  -  -  19,132  16,070  326  470   |
|---|

For	the	purpose	of	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows,	cash	and	cash	equivalents	comprise	the	following	at the	end	of	the	financial	year:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Cash and bank balances  19,132  16,070  Fixed deposits pledged  (3,090)  (2,194)  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  16,042  13,876   |
|---|

## 26. Share capital

| Group  Company  No. of shares  No. of shares  '000  S$'000  '000  S$'000  Issued and fully paid, with no par value  At	beginning	and	end	of	financial	year  388,867  53,086  388,867  82,614   |
|---|

The	holders	of	ordinary	shares	are	entitled	to	receive	dividends	as	declared	from	time	to	time	and	are	entitled	to	one vote	per	share	at	meetings	of	the	Company.

## Chasen Performance Share Plan

The	Chasen	Performance	Share	Plan	2017	(the	'Plan	2017')	which	was	proposed	to	replace	the	expired	Chasen Performance	Share	Plan	2007	(the	'Plan	2007'),	was	approved	and	adopted	by	the	members	of	the	Company	at	the Extraordinary	General	Meeting	held	on	28	July	2017.	Under	the	new	Plan	2017,	there	is	no	significant	change	in terms	of	administration,	rights	and	rationale	as	compared	to	the	expired	Plan	2007.

The	Plan	2017	is	administered	by	the	Remuneration	Committee	which	comprises	Chew	Mun	Yew	(Chairman),	Chew Choy	Seng	and	Lim	Yew	Si.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 26. Share capital (Continued)

## Chasen Performance Share Plan (Continued)

Under	the	Plan	2017,	eligible	participants	are	conferred	rights	by	the	Company	on	shares	to	be	issued	or	transferred ('Awards').	The	Plan	2017	contemplates	the	award	of	fully	paid	shares	free	of	charge	when	and	after	pre-determined performance	or	service	conditions	are	accomplished	and/or	due	recognition	is	given	to	any	good	work	performance and/or	any	significant	contribution	to	the	Company.

The	rationale	 of	 the	 share-based	 incentive	 scheme	 is	 to	 provide	 an	 opportunity	 for	 the	 directors	 and	 full-time employees	of	the	Group	to	participate	in	the	equity	of	the	Company	so	as	to	align	their	interest	with	that	of	the shareholders.	It	would	also	give	recognition	to	employees	of	the	Group	who	have	contributed	to	its	success	and	to motivate	them	to	greater	dedication,	loyalty	and	higher	standard	of	performance.	The	participants	are	not	required to	pay	for	the	grant	of	Awards	or	for	the	shares	allocated	pursuant	to	the	Awards.

As	at	31	March	2022,	no	performance	shares	are	awarded	under	the	Plan	2017.

## 27. Treasury shares

| Group and Company  2022  2021  No. of shares  No. of shares  '000  S$'000  '000  S$'000  At	beginning	and	end	of	financial	year  1,841  145  1,841  145   |
|---|

Treasury	shares	relate	to	ordinary	shares	of	the	Company	that	is	held	by	the	Company.

## 28. Other reserves

## Capital	reserve

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Liten	Logistics	Services	Pte	Ltd  (i)  1,298  1,298  -  -  Global	Technology	Synergy	Pte	Ltd  (i)  70  70  -  -  Amber	Digital	Solutions	(Beijing)	Pte	Ltd  (ii)  409  409  -  -  City Zone Express Pte Ltd  (i),(iii)  (348)  (348)  100  100  Hup Lian Engineering Pte Ltd  (i)  (2,030)  (2,030)  -  -  City	Zone	Bonded	Warehouse	Sdn.	Bhd.  (30)  (30)  -  -  City Zone Express (Shanghai) Pte Ltd  (240)  -  -  -  City Zone Express Vietnam Company Limited  (24)  -  -  -  Chasen	Transport	Logistic	Co.,	Ltd  140  140  -  -  (755)  (491)  100  100   |
|---|

(i) Represents	net	gain/(loss)	on	fair	value	changes	arising	from	the	net	assets	or	liabilities	of	subsidiaries acquired.

(ii) Represents	fair	value	of	consideration	injected	in	an	associate.

(iii) Capital	reserve	at	Company	level	represents	allotment	of	ordinary	shares	to	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	via capitalization	of	its	retained	profits	at	the	sole	discretion	of	the	Company's	directors	and	accordingly classified	as	deemed	equity.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 28. Other reserves (Continued)

## Foreign	currency	translation	reserve

Foreign	currency	translation	reserve	represents	exchange	differences	arising	from	the	translation	of	the	financial statements	of	foreign	operations	whose	functional	currencies	are	different	from	that	of	the	Group's	presentation currency.

## Fair	value	adjustment	reserve

Fair	value	adjustment	reserve	represents	the	cumulative	fair	value	changes,	net	of	tax,	of	financial	assets	at	FVTOCI until	they	are	disposed	of	or	impaired.

| Group and Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At	beginning	of	financial	year  (5,220)  (4,697)  Net	loss	on	fair	value	change	of	other	investments  (4,632)  (523)  At	end	of	financial	year  (9,852)  (5,220)   |
|---|

Assets	revaluation	reserve

Assets	revaluation	reserve	represents	increases	in	the	fair	value	of	land	use	rights,	leasehold	land	and	buildings,	net of	tax,	and	decreases	to	the	extent	that	such	decrease	relates	to	an	increase	on	the	same	asset	previously	recognized in	equity.

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Beginning	of	financial	year  6,101  -  Revaluation	gains	from	leasehold	land	and	buildings	(Note	12)  5,896  7,144  Revaluation	gains	from	land	use	rights	(Note	17)  17  358  Tax	on	revaluation	gains	(Note	31)  (1,083)  (1,401)  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  (178)  -  At	end	of	financial	year  10,753  6,101   |
|---|

## 29. Bank loans

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Bank loans  64,818  57,816  9,939  9,946   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 29. Bank loans (Continued)

Bank	loans	are	repayable	over	a	period	of	1	month	to	15	years	(2021:	1	month	to	15	years),	as	follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Within one year  41,686  36,701  6,391  4,826  After	one	year	but	within	five	years  11,698  11,432  3,267  4,839  After	five	years  11,434  9,683  281  281  23,132  21,115  3,548  5,120  64,818  57,816  9,939  9,946   |
|---|

The	effective	interest	rates	per	annum	are	as	follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Bank loans  1.68%  to	6.25%  1.68%  to	8.84%  2.00%  to	6.25%  2.00%  to	3.37%   |
|---|

The	banking	facilities	are	secured	by	the	following:

- (a) legal	mortgage	of	the	Group's	investment	properties	and	leasehold	buildings;
- (b) corporate	guarantee	by	the	Company	and	a	subsidiary,	Chasen	Logistics	Services	Limited;
- (c) pledge	of	fixed	deposits	amounting	to	about	S$3,090,000	(2021:	S$2,194,000)	(Note	25);

(d) personal	guarantee	from	directors	of	certain	subsidiaries	that	are	not	wholly-owned	by	the	Group.

The	carrying	amounts	of	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	bank	loans	approximate	their	fair	values.

The	Group's	and	the	Company's	bank	loans	are	denominated	in	the	following	currencies	as	at	reporting	date:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore dollar  39,413  37,439  9,939  9,946  Chinese Renminbi  9,890  6,788  -  -  Malaysian Ringgit  15,515  13,589  -  -  64,818  57,816  9,939  9,946   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 30. The Group as a lessee

The	Group	leases	land	under	a	20	to	43	year	lease	arrangement,	with	no	option	to	renew	the	lease	after	that	date. The	Group	has	made	an	upfront	payment	to	secure	the	right-of-use	of	the	20	to	43	year	leasehold	land.	This	lease also	contains	a	variable	lease	payment	that	are	based	on	a	percentage	of	the	land	rent	paid	by	the	landlord	to	Jurong Town	Corporation.

The	Group	leases	building,	warehouse	and	certain	equipment	for	1	to	5	years	and	rentals	are	fixed	for	an	average	of 1	to	5	years.

The	Group	leases	motor	vehicles	and	certain	plant	and	machinery	for	3	to	7	years.	All	leases	are	on	a	fixed	repayment basis	and	no	arrangements	have	been	entered	into	for	contingent	rental	payments.	The	Group's	obligations	under such	leases	are	secured	by	the	lessors'	title	to	the	leased	assets,	which	will	revert	to	the	lessors	in	the	event	of default	by	the	Group.

## Extension	options

The	Group	has	several	lease	contracts	with	extension	options	exercisable	by	the	Group	up	to	180	days	before	the end	of	the	non-cancellable	contract	period.	These	extension	options	are	exercisable	by	the	Group	and	not	by	the lessors.	The	extension	options	are	used	by	the	Group	to	provide	operation	flexibility	in	terms	of	managing	the	assets used	in	the	Group's	operation.	As	at	31	March	2022,	the	Group	is	not	reasonably	certain	that	they	will	exercise	these extension	options.	Potential	future	undiscounted	lease	payments	not	included	in	the	reasonably	certain	lease	term, and	hence	not	included	in	lease	liabilities,	total	S$1,919,000	(2021:	S$1,013,000).

## Recognition	exemptions

The	Group	has	certain	office	leases,	warehouse	leases	and	rented	apartments	with	lease	terms	of	12	months	or	less and/or	of	low	value.	For	such	leases,	the	Group	has	elected	not	to	recognize	right-of-use	assets	and	lease	liabilities.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 3 0. The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (a) Right-of-use	assets

The	carrying	amount	of	right-of-use	assets	by	class	of	underlying	asset	classified	within	property,	plant	and equipment	are	as	follows:

| Leasehold  land and  buildings  Transportation  equipment  Tools and  equipment  Furniture,  fittings and  office  equipment  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  At	1	April	2020  8,681  4,847  2,069  106  15,703  Additions  7,371  1,295  908  -  9,574  Expiry of lease  -  (642)  (993)  -  (1,635)  Depreciation  (5,937)  (1,136)  (311)  (99)  (7,483)  Exchange	translation  differences  (20)  (33)  6  (1)  (48)  At	31	March	2021  10,095  4,331  1,679  6  16,111  Additions  10,251  3,292  31  390  13,964  Expiry of lease  -  (333)  (92)  -  (425)  Depreciation  (6,057)  (2,005)  (312)  (149)  (8,523)  Exchange	translation  differences  43  (13)  18  (1)  47  At	31	March	2022  14,332  5,272  1,324  246  21,174   |
|---|

| Leasehold  land and  buildings  S$'000  Company  At	1	April	2020  624  Depreciation  (30)  At	31	March	2021  594  Depreciation  (30)  At	31	March	2022  564   |
|---|

The total cash outflows for leases during the financial year ended 31 March 2022 is S$8,243,000 (2021: S$7,802,000).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 3 0. The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (b) Lease liabilities

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Lease	liabilities	-	non-current  12,043  8,272  568  591  Lease	liabilities	-	current  7,485  6,332  22  22  19,528  14,604  590  613   |
|---|

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 40.

Lease liabilities are denominated in the following currencies as at reporting date:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore dollar  10,695  11,030  590  613  Chinese Renminbi  2,948  170  -  -  Malaysian Ringgit  5,498  3,096  -  -  Thai Baht  387  308  -  -  19,528  14,604  590  613   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(c) Amounts	recognized	in	profit	or	loss

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Interest	expense	on	lease	liabilities  817  562  Expense	relating	to	short-term	leases  11,750  12,203   |
|---|

## 31. Deferred tax

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Deferred tax assets  1,251  1,244  Deferred	tax	liabilities  (3,732)  (2,367)   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 31. Deferred tax (Continued)

## Deferred tax assets

The	movements	in	deferred	tax	position	for	the	financial	year	are	as	follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At	beginning	of	financial	year  1,244  1,264  Charged	to	profit	or	loss  -  (83)  Over-provision	in	prior	financial	year  -  63  Exchange	translation	differences  7  -  At	end	of	financial	year  1,251  1,244   |
|---|

Deferred	tax	assets	are	recognized	to	the	extent	that	realization	of	the	related	tax	benefits	through	future	taxable profits	is	probable.

## Unrecognized	deferred	income	tax	assets

The	following	deferred	income	tax	assets	are	not	recognized	in	the	statements	of	financial	position	as	it	is	presently uncertain	the	extent	timing	and	quantum	of	future	taxable	profit	that	will	be	available	against	which	the	Group	can utilize	the	benefits	as	follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Unabsorbed	tax	losses  14,977  14,576  Unutilized	capital	allowances  1,048  1,470  Property,	plant	and	equipment  73  57  16,098  16,103  Unrecognized	deferred	tax	benefits  2,882  2,684   |
|---|

Tax losses do not expire under current legislation and are available for set-off against future taxable profits subject to meeting certain statutory requirements by those companies with unrecognized tax losses in their respective country of incorporation. These losses may be carried indefinitely subject to the conditions imposed by law.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 31. Deferred tax  (Continued)

## Deferred tax liabilities

The	movements	in	deferred	tax	position	for	the	financial	year	are	as	follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At	beginning	of	financial	year  (2,367)  (1,145)  (Charged)/Credited	to	profit	or	loss  (140)  179  Under-provision	in	prior	financial	year  (115)  \_  Charged	to	other	comprehensive	income  -	fair	value	adjustment	on	land	and	building	(Note	28)  (1,083)  (1,401)  Exchange	translation	differences  (27)  -  At	end	of	financial	year  (3,732)  (2,367)   |
|---|

Deferred	tax	liabilities	principally	arise	as	a	result	of	excess	of	carrying	amount	over	tax	written	down	value	of property,	plant	and	equipment.

## 32. Trade payables

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Third	parties  18,747  20,670   |
|---|

Trade	payables	are	non-interest	bearing	and	the	average	credit	period	on	purchases	of	goods	is	30	(2021:	30) days	according	to	the	terms	agreed	with	the	suppliers.

The	Group's	trade	payables	are	denominated	in	the	following	currencies	as	at	reporting	date:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore dollar  5,338  4,769  Chinese Renminbi  5,962  7,035  Malaysian Ringgit  3,795  2,591  Thai Baht  1,924  2,801  United	States	dollar  1,030  1,498  Vietnamese Dong  698  1,976  18,747  20,670   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 33. Other payables and accruals

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Amounts due to directors  81  274  -  -  Advance	consideration	for  disposal	of	other	investment  510  510  -  -  Deposits	received  1,008  1,105  -  -  Accruals  6,522  5,834  395  355  Other	payables  1,514  1,381  38  80  9,635  9,104  433  435   |
|---|

Amounts	due	to	directors	are	unsecured,	interest-free,	and	are	repayable	on	demand.

Accruals	mainly	consist	of	accrued	operating	expenses.

Other	payables	are	non-trade	in	nature,	unsecured,	interest-free,	repayable	on	demand.

The	Group's	and	the	Company's	other	payables	and	accruals	are	denominated	in	the	following	currencies	as	at reporting	date:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore dollar  4,650  3,890  433  435  Chinese Renminbi  1,028  1,317  -  -  Malaysian Ringgit  3,406  2,371  -  -  Vietnamese Dong  52  148  -  -  United	States	dollar  127  926  -  -  Thai Baht  372  452  -  -  9,635  9,104  433  435   |
|---|

## 34. Operating lease commitments

## The	Group	as	lessee

As	of	 31	 March	 2022,	 the	 Group	 has	 commitments	 for	 future	 minimum	 lease	 payments	 under	 non-cancellable operating	leases	in	respect	of	the	warehouses,	office	equipment	and	other	operating	facilities	as	follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Future	minimum	lease	payments	payable:  Within one year  -  2   |
|---|

The	leases	have	its	tenure	of	1	year	with	some	having	an	option	to	renew	the	lease	subject	to	certain	conditions being	met.	Lease	payments	may	vary	upon	renewal	to	reflect	market	rentals.	There	are	no	restrictions	placed	upon the	Company	by	entering	into	these	leases.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 34. Operating lease commitments (Continued)

## The	Group	as	lessor

The	Group	has	entered	into	commercial	property	leases	on	its	investment	property	and	warehouses.	These	noncancellable	leases	have	remaining	lease	terms	of	one	year.	All	leases	include	a	clause	to	enable	upward	revision	of the	rental	charge	on	an	annual	basis	based	on	prevailing	market	conditions.

At	the	end	of	the	financial	year,	future	minimum	rental	receivables	under	non-cancellable	operating	leases	are	as follows:

Group

2022

S$'000

47

Future	minimum	lease	payments	receivable:

Within one year

## 35. Capital commitments

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Capital	commitments	contracted	but	not	provided	for:  -	Leasehold	building  596  -  -	Software  -  40  -	Plant	and	equipment  -  800   |
|---|

## 36. Contingencies

## Financial guarantees

As	 at	 31	 March	 2022,	 the	 Company	 has	 given	 corporate	 guarantees	 amounting	 to	 S$110,079,000	 (2021: S$71,713,000)	to	certain	banks	and	financial	institutions	in	respect	of	banking	facilities	granted	to	the	subsidiaries.

The	Company	has	evaluated	the	fair	value	of	the	corporate	guarantee.	Consequently,	the	Company	is	of	the	view that	the	initial	recognition	of	fair	value	of	the	guarantees	to	the	banks	and	financial	institutions	with	regard	to	the subsidiaries	is	not	significant.	The	Company	has	not	recognized	any	liability	in	respect	of	the	guarantees	given	to	the banks	for	banking	facilities	granted	to	the	subsidiaries	as	the	Company's	directors	have	assessed	that	the	likelihood of	the	subsidiaries	defaulting	on	repayment	is	remote.

As	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year,	the	total	amount	of	banking	facilities	utilized	and	outstanding	covered	by	the guarantees	is	S$68,373,000	(2021:	S$50,852,000).	Such	guarantees	are	in	the	form	of	a	financial	guarantee	as	they require	the	Company	to	reimburse	the	respective	banks	if	the	respective	subsidiaries	to	which	the	guarantees	were extended	fail	to	make	principal	or	interest	repayments	when	due	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	borrowings. There	has	been	no	default	or	non-repayment	since	the	utilization	of	the	banking	facility.

As	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year,	the	Company	has	also	given	undertakings	to	certain	subsidiaries	to	provide continued	financial	support	to	these	subsidiaries	to	enable	them	to	meet	their	obligations	as	and	when	they	fall	due so	that	they	will	continue	to	operate	as	going	concerns	in	the	foreseeable	future.

2021

S$'000

41

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 36. Contingencies (Continued)

## Legal claims

On	25	January	2021,	DNKH	Logistics	Pte	Ltd	('Defendant'),	a	subsidiary	of	the	Group	was	served	with	a	Writ	of Summons	('Writ')	filed	by	the	landlord	('Plaintiff').	In	the	Writ,	the	Plaintiff	had	filed	claims	of	S$3,441,541	for repair/reinstatement	costs	of	the	demised	premises	('Warehouse'),	loss	of	rental	and	loss	adjuster's	and	consultant's fees	allegedly	suffered	by	the	Plaintiff	as	a	result	of	a	fire	incident	at	the	Warehouse	on	9	August	2015.	The	Plaintiff had	brought	these	claims	at	the	instance	of	its	insurer	against	the	Defendant.

Currently,	both	the	Plaintiff	and	Defendant	have	completed	the	discovery	and	inspection	process	in	the	suit.	The expert	reports	have	been	exchanged	and	the	trial	is	scheduled	for	16 th to	19 th August	2022	and	23 rd to	26 th  August 2022.	The	Group	has	been	advised	by	its	lawyers	that	it	has	a	good	chance	of	successfully	defending	the	above case.	Accordingly,	the	Group	is	of	the	view	that	it	is	not	probable	that	an	outflow	of	resources	embodying	economic benefits	will	be	required	to	settle	the	obligation.	Hence,	no	provision	of	liability	has	been	recognized	as	at	financial year	ended	31	March	2022.

## 37. Significant related party transactions

During	 the	 financial	 year,	 in	 addition	 to	 those	 disclosed	 elsewhere	 in	 these	 financial	 statements,	 the	 Company entered	into	the	following	transactions	with	related	parties:

| Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Subsidiaries  Interest income  424  603  Management fee income  1,793  1,386  Loan to subsidiaries  433  1,067  Key	management	personnel	remuneration  Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Salaries and bonuses  1,653  1,621  Employers'	contribution	defined	contribution	plan  118  114  Other	allowances  241  241  2,012  1,976  Comprise amounts paid to:  Directors of the Company  649  648  Other	key	management	personnel  1,363  1,328  2,012  1,976  Directors' fees  Directors of the Company  400  303   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 37. Significant related party transactions (Continued)

## Key	management	personnel	remuneration	(Continued)

The	key	management	personnel	comprise	directors	of	the	Company,	senior	management	of	the	Company	such	as Chief	Financial	Officer,	General	Managers	and	others,	and	their	compensation	is	disclosed	as	above.

## 38. Segment information

The	Group	is	organized	into	business	units	based	on	their	products	and	services,	and	has	three	reportable	segments as	follows:

- (a) Specialist	Relocation	Solutions	-	being	the	provision	of	specialist	manpower	equipped	with	specialized material	handling	tools,	equipment	and	vehicles	to	relocate	machinery	and	equipment	of	customers	within their	premises,	from	one	location	to	another	location	within	a	country,	or	from	one	country	to	another;
- (b) Third	Party	Logistics	-	being	the	provision	of	packaging,	trucking,	distribution,	freight	forwarding,	nonbonded	and	bonded	warehousing	(with	in-house	Customs	clearance),	cargo	management	and	last	mile services;	and
- (c) Technical	&amp;	Engineering	-	being	the	provision	of	design,	fabrication	and	installation	of	steel	structures, mechanical	 and	 electrical	 installations	 including	 hook-up	 for	 production	 facilities,	 parts	 refurbishment, engineering	and	spares	support,	facilities	management	and	maintenance,	contract	manufacturing,	process engineering	 services,	 4G	 &amp;	 5G	 telecommunications,	 ordnance,	 solar	 panel	 installation,	 scaffolding equipment	and	services	and	construction	activities.

Except	as	indicated	above,	no	operating	segments	have	been	aggregated	to	form	the	above	reportable	operating segments.

The	Group's	reportable	segments	are	strategic	business	units	that	are	organized	based	on	their	function	and	targeted customer	groups.	They	are	managed	separately	because	each	business	unit	requires	different	skill	sets	and	marketing strategies.

Management	monitors	the	operating	results	of	its	business	units	separately	for	the	purpose	of	making	decisions about	resource	allocation	 and	 performance	 assessment.	 Segment	 performance	 is	 evaluated	 based	 on	 operating profit	or	loss	which	in	certain	respects,	as	explained	in	the	table	below,	is	measured	differently	from	operating	profit or	loss	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Group	financing	(including	finance	expenses)	and	income	taxes	are managed	on	a	group	basis	and	are	not	allocated	to	operating	segments.

Segment	 revenue	 and	 expense	 are	 the	 operating	 revenue	 and	 expense	 reported	 in	 the	 Group's	 consolidated statement	of	comprehensive	income	that	are	directly	attributable	to	a	segment	and	the	relevant	portion	of	such revenue	and	expense	that	can	be	allocated	on	a	reasonable	basis	to	a	segment.

Segment	assets	consist	principally	of	property,	plant	and	equipment	and	trade	receivables	that	are	directly	attributable to	a	segment.

Unallocated	 items	 comprise	 property,	 plant	 and	 equipment,	 other	 receivables,	 deposits	 and	 prepayments,	 fixed deposits,	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	bank	loans	and	overdrafts,	trade	payables,	other	payables	and	accruals,	deferred tax	liabilities,	income	tax	payable,	lease	liabilities,	other	operating	income	and	expenses.

The  accounting  policies  of  the  reportable  segments  are  the  same  as  the  Group's  accounting  policies described in Note 2.24.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 38. Segment information (Continued)

## Analysis by business segment

| Specialist  Relocation  Solutions  Third Party  Logistics  Technical &amp;  Engineering  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Revenue:  Total	revenue  66,406  62,733  87,566  56,806  35,638  26,871  189,610  146,410  Inter-segment	revenue  (1,377)  (1,935)  (22,425)  (12,914)  (614)  (838)  (24,416)  (15,687)  External customers  65,029  60,798  65,141  43,892  35,024  26,033  165,194  130,723  Profit	from	operations  10,549  7,839  10,935  8,702  2,022  2,046  23,506  18,587  Bad	debts	written	off  (2)  -  (27)  (1)  (112)  (102)  (141)  (103)  Depreciation	and  amortization  (5,877)  (5,771)  (4,061)  (2,887)  (2,594)  (2,403)  (12,532)  (11,061)  Fair	value	gain	on  investment	property  -  -  -  -  80  -  80  -  Loss/(Gain)	on	disposal  of	property,	plant	and  equipment  (32)  (24)  49  26  20  38  37  40  Loss allowance on  financial	assets  (10)  -  -  (18)  (1,828)  (612)  (1,838)  (630)  Reversal	of	loss	allowance  on	financial	assets  -  -  -  -  573  560  573  560  Interest income  31  25  21  8  11  17  63  50  Interest expense  (989)  (996)  (712)  (296)  (475)  (294)  (2,176)  (1,586)  Unallocated	other  expenses,	net  (1,089)  (1,227)  Profit before income tax  6,483  4,630  Income tax expenses  (2,231)  (1,188)  Profit for the financial year  4,252  3,442  Reportable segment assets:  Allocated assets  79,730  74,924  52,225  42,373  50,009  48,906  181,964  166,203  Unallocated	assets  7,144  5,797  Total assets  189,108  172,000  Reportable segment liabilities:  Allocated	liabilities  43,070  43,721  34,902  29,872  28,116  20,301  106,088  93,894  Unallocated	liabilities  11,462  11,438  Total liabilities  117,550  105,332  Other material non-cash items:  Depreciation	and  amortization  6,176  5,770  4,061  2,887  2,594  2,404  12,831  11,061  Capital expenditure  Property,	plant  and equipment  886  1,345  4,399  16,274  1,013  1,162  6,298  18,781   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 38. Segment information (Continued)

## Analysis by geographical segment

Revenue	and	non-current	assets	information	based	on	the	geographical	location	of	customers	and	assets respectively	are	as	follows:

| Revenue  Non-current assets  Capital expenditure  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Singapore  49,760  39,102  50,045  52,461  967  1,273  PRC  49,787  46,627  15,309  11,916  1,187  1,058  Malaysia  42,818  32,500  26,803  22,360  3,502  15,469  Thailand  14,093  8,118  1,101  898  350  654  United	States	of	America  2,091  744  66  132  -  49  Vietnam  6,645  3,632  776  686  292  278  165,194  130,723  94,100  88,453  6,298  18,781   |
|---|

## Information	about	a	major	customer

Revenue	from	one	major	customer	amounted	to	S$8,407,000	(2021:	S$8,048,000)	arising	from	sales	in	the	Technical and	Engineering	business	segment.

## 39. Fair value of assets and liabilities

The	carrying	amounts	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	trade	and	other	current	receivables	and	payables,	non-current and	current	bank	loans	(secured)	at	floating	rate,	non-current	and	current	lease	liabilities	at	prevailing	market	rate, approximate	their	respective	fair	values	due	to	the	relative	short	term	maturity	of	these	financial	instruments.	The fair	values	of	other	classes	of	financial	assets	and	liabilities	are	disclosed	in	the	respective	notes	to	the	financial statements.

The	fair	values	of	applicable	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	and	categorized	using	a	fair	value	hierarchy	as follows:

- (a) Level	1	-	the	fair	values	of	assets	and	liabilities	with	standard	terms	and	conditions	and	which	trade	in active	 markets	 that	 the	 Group	 can	 access	 at	 the	 measurement	 date	 are	 determined	with	 reference	 to quoted	market	prices	(unadjusted).
- (b) Level	2	-	in	the	absence	of	quoted	market	prices,	the	fair	values	of	the	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined using	the	other	observable,	either	directly	or	indirectly,	inputs	such	as	quoted	prices	for	similar	assets/ liabilities	in	active	markets	or	included	within	Level	1,	quoted	prices	for	identical	or	similar	assets/liabilities in	non-active	markets.
- (c) Level	3	-	in	the	absence	of	quoted	market	prices	included	within	Level	1	and	observable	inputs	included within	Level	2,	the	fair	values	of	the	remaining	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	in	accordance	with generally	accepted	pricing	models.

Fair	value	measurements	that	use	inputs	of	different	hierarchy	levels	are	categorized	in	its	entirety	in	the	same	level of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	as	the	lowest	level	input	that	is	significant	to	the	entire	measurement.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 39. Fair value of assets and liabilities (Continued)

The	table	below	analyzes	the	Group's	assets	and	liabilities	that	are	measured	at	fair	value	after	initial	recognition	at the	end	of	the	reporting	period:

| Note  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  Financial assets:  Financial	assets	at	FVTOCI  19  -  -  -  -  -  4,632  Non-financial assets:  Investment	property  11  -  -  930  850  -  -  Property,	plant	and	equipment  -	Leasehold	land	and	buildings  12  -  -  -  -  43,903  39,111  Land use rights  17  -  -  -  -  1,292  1,254  -  -  -  -  45,195  40,365  Company  Financial assets:  Financial	assets	at	FVTOCI  19  -  -  -  -  -  -  Non-financial assets:  Investment	properties  11  -  -  -  -  6,000  5,900   |
|---|

## Level 2

## Investment property

For	investment	property	of	the	Group,	the	valuation	technique	has	been	described	in	Note	11.

There	has	been	no	change	in	the	valuation	techniques	from	the	last	financial	year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 39. Fair value of assets and liabilities (Continued)

## Level 3

The	fair	value	of	unquoted	equity	instruments,	land	and	buildings	and	land	use	rights	included	in	Level	3	is	determined as	follows:

| Description  Fair value at  31 March  Valuation  technique  Significant  unobservable inputs  Range of  unobservable  inputs  Relationship of  unobservable input  to fair value  S$'000  Group  2022  Unquoted  equity  securities  -  Comparable  market  approach  Price to book  ratio  1.31	-	1.84  An increase  will result in an  increase in fair  value  Land and  buildings and  land use  rights  45,195  Comparable  market  approach  Price per  square foot  S$72	-	S$194  (Singapore)  S$51	-	S$65  (Malaysia)  S$35  (PRC)  An increase  will result in an  increase in fair  value  Depreciated  replacement  cost  approach  Unit	cost	of  construction  S$75  (Malaysia)  S$247  (PRC)  An increase  will result in an  increase in fair  value  2021  Unquoted  equity  securities  4,632  Comparable  market  approach  Price to  book	ratio  1.49	-	2.59  An increase  will result in an  increase in fair  value  Land and  buildings and  land use  rights  40,365  Comparable  market  approach  Price per  square foot  S$59	-	S$132  (Singapore)  S$37	-	S$81  (Malaysia)  S$35  (PRC)  An increase  will result in an  increase in fair  value  Depreciated  replacement  cost  approach  Unit	cost	of  construction  S$75  (Malaysia)  S$245  (PRC)  An increase  will result in an  increase in fair  value   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 39. Fair value of assets and liabilities (Continued)

## Level 3 (Continued)

| Description  Fair value at  31 March  Valuation  technique  Significant  unobservable inputs  Range of  unobservable  inputs  Relationship of  unobservable input  to fair value  S$'000  Company  2022  Investment  property  6,000  Comparable  market  approach  Price per  square foot  S$72	-	S$171  An increase  will result in an  increase in fair  value  2021  Investment  property  5,900  Comparable  market  approach  Price per  square foot  S$86	-	S$132  An increase  will result in an  increase in fair  value  Reconciliation	of	movements	in	Level	3	fair	value	measurement  ## Company  Investment  property  S$'000  At	1	April	2020  -  Transfer	to	Level	3  6,100  Recognized	in	profit	or	loss  (200)  At	31	March	2021  5,900  Recognized	in	profit	or	loss  100  At	31	March	2022  6,000   |
|---|

## Valuation	policies	and	techniques

The	management	of	the	Group	oversees	the	Group's	financial	reporting	valuation	process	and	is	responsible	for setting	and	documenting	the	Group's	valuation	policies	and	procedures.	In	this	regards,	the	management	reports	to the	Group's	Audit	Committee.

It	 is	 the	 Group's	policy	that	where	assessed	necessary	by	the	management,	the	Group	would	engage	experts	to perform	 significant	 financial	 reporting	 valuations.	 The	 management	 is	 responsible	 for	 selecting	 and	 engaging such	external	experts	that	possess	the	relevant	credentials	and	knowledge	on	the	subject	of	valuation,	valuation methodologies,	and	SFRS(I)	13 Fair Value Measurement .

Significant	 changes	 in	 fair	 value	 measurements	 from	 period	 to	 period	 are	 evaluated	 for	 reasonableness.	 The management	also	reviews	at	least	on	an	annual	basis,	the	appropriateness	of	the	valuation	methodologies	and assumptions	adopted	and	evaluates	the	appropriateness	and	reliability	of	the	inputs	(including	those	developed internally	by	the	Group)	used	in	the	valuations.

The	analysis	and	results	of	the	external	valuations	are	then	reported	to	the	Audit	Committee	for	the	latter's	comments before	presenting	the	results	to	the	Board	of	Directors	for	approval.

During	the	financial	year,	there	is	no	change	in	the	applicable	valuation	techniques.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks

The	Group's	activities	expose	it	to	credit	risk,	market	risk	(including	foreign	currency	risk,	interest	rate	risk	and	equity price	risk)	and	liquidity	risk.	The	Group's	overall	risk	management	strategy	seeks	to	minimize	adverse	effects	from the	volatility	of	financial	markets	on	the	Group's	financial	performance.

The	Board	of	Directors	is	responsible	for	setting	the	objectives	and	underlying	principles	of	financial	risk	management for	 the	 Group.	 The	 management	 then	 establishes	 the	 detailed	 policies	 such	 as	 authority	 levels,	 oversight	 responsibilities, risk	identification	and	measurement,	exposure	limits	and	hedging	strategies,	in	accordance	with	the	objectives	and underlying	principles	approved	by	the	Board	of	Directors.	The	Audit	Committee	provides	independent	oversight	to the	effectiveness	of	the	risk	management	process.	It	is,	and	has	been	throughout	the	current	and	previous	financial year,	the	Group's	policy	that	no	trading	in	derivatives	for	speculative	purposes	shall	be	undertaken.

There	have	been	no	changes	to	the	Group's	exposure	to	these	financial	risks	or	the	manner	in	which	it	manages	and measures	the	risk.	Market	risk	exposure	is	measured	using	sensitivity	analysis	indicated	below.

## Credit risk

Credit	risk	refers	to	the	risk	that	the	counterparty	will	default	on	its	contractual	obligations	resulting	in	a	loss	to	the Group.	The	Group	has	adopted	a	policy	of	only	dealing	with	creditworthy	counterparties	and	obtaining	sufficient collateral	where	appropriate,	as	a	means	of	mitigating	the	risk	of	financial	loss	from	defaults.

The	Group's	credit	risk	arises	mainly	from	bank	balances,	trade	and	other	receivables	and	other	debt	instruments carried	at	amortized	cost	as	well	as	contract	assets.	Bank	balances	are	mainly	deposits	with	banks	with	high	creditratings	assigned	by	international	credit	rating	agencies	and	the	Group	does	not	expect	the	impairment	loss	from bank	balances	to	be	material,	if	any.

To	assess	and	manage	its	credit	risk,	the	Group	categorizes	the	aforementioned	financial	assets	and	contract	assets according	to	their	risk	of	default.	The	Group	defines	default	to	have	taken	place	when	internal	or/and	external information	indicates	that	the	financial	asset	is	unlikely	to	be	received,	which	could	include	a	breach	of	debt	covenant, and/or	where	contractual	payments	are	90	days	past	due	as	per	SFRS(I)	9's	presumption.

In	 their	 assessment,	 the	 management	 considers,	 amongst	 other	 factors,	 the	 latest	 relevant	 credit	 ratings	 from reputable	external	rating	 agencies	where	available	and	deemed	appropriate,	historical	credit	experiences,	latest available	financial	information	and	latest	applicable	credit	reputation	of	the	debtor.

The	Group's	internal	credit	risk	grading	categories	are	as	follows:

| Category  Description  Basis of recognizing ECL  1  Low credit risk  Note	1  12-months	ECL  2  Non-significant	 increase	 in	 credit	 risk	 since  initial	 recognition	 and	 financial	 asset	 is	 ≤	 30  days past due  12-months	ECL  3  Significant	 increase	 in	 credit	 risk	 since	 initial  recognition	 Note	2 	or	financial	asset	is	&gt;	30	days  past due  Lifetime	ECL  4  Evidence	indicates	that	financial	asset	is	credit-  impaired  Note	3  Difference  between	 financial  asset's  gross  carrying  amount  and  present  value  of  estimated	future	cash	flows	discounted	at	the  financial	asset's	original	effective	interest	rate  5  Evidence	 indicates	 that	 the	 management	 has  no	reasonable	expectations	of	recovering	the  write	off	amount  Note 4  Written	off   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Note	1.	Low	credit	risk

The	financial	asset	is	determined	to	have	low	credit	risk	if	the	financial	asset	has	a	low	risk	of	default,	the	counterparty has	a	strong	capacity	to	meet	its	contractual	cash	flow	obligations	in	the	near	term	and	adverse	changes	in	economic and	business	conditions	in	the	longer	term	may,	but	will	not	necessarily,	reduce	the	ability	of	the	counterparty	to fulfil	its	contractual	cash	flow	obligations.	Generally,	this	is	the	case	when	the	Group	assesses	and	determines	that the	debtor	has	been,	is	in	and	is	highly	likely	to	be,	in	the	foreseeable	future	and	during	the	(contractual)	term	of	the financial	asset,	in	a	financial	position	that	will	allow	the	debtor	to	settle	the	financial	asset	as	and	when	it	falls	due.

## Note	2.	Significant	increase	in	credit	risk

In	assessing	whether	the	credit	risk	of	the	financial	asset	has	increased	significantly	since	initial	recognition,	the	Group compares	the	risk	of	default	occurring	on	the	financial	asset	as	of	reporting	date	with	the	risk	of	default	occurring on	 the	 financial	 asset	 as	 of	 date	 of	 initial	 recognition,	 and	 considered	 reasonable	 and	 supportable	 information, that	is	available	without	undue	cost	or	effort,	that	is	indicative	of	significant	increases	in	credit	risk	since	initial recognition.	In	assessing	the	significance	of	the	change	in	the	risk	of	default,	the	Group	considers	both	past	due	(i.e. whether	it	is	more	than	30	days	past	due)	and	forward	looking	quantitative	and	qualitative	information.	Forward looking	information	includes	the	assessment	of	the	latest	performance	and	financial	position	of	the	debtor,	adjusted for	 the	 Group's	 future	 outlook	 of	 the	 industry	 in	 which	 the	 debtor	 operates	 based	 on	 independently	 obtained information	(e.g.	expert	reports,	analyst's	reports	etc.)	and	the	most	recent	news	or	market	talks	about	the	debtor,	as applicable.	In	its	assessment,	the	Group	will	generally,	for	example,	assess	whether	the	deterioration	of	the	financial performance	and/or	financial	position,	adverse	change	in	the	economic	environment	(country	and	industry	in	which the	debtor	operates),	deterioration	of	credit	risk	of	the	debtor,	etc.	is	in	line	with	its	expectation	as	of	the	date	of initial	recognition	of	the	financial	asset.	Irrespective	of	the	outcome	of	the	above	assessment,	the	Group	presumes that	the	credit	risk	on	a	financial	asset	has	increased	significantly	since	initial	recognition	when	contract	payments are	&gt;	30	days	past	due,	unless	the	Group	has	reasonable	and	supportable	information	that	demonstrates	otherwise.

## Note	3.	Credit	impaired

In	 determining	whether	financial	asset	is	credit-impaired,	the	Group	assesses	whether	one	or	more	events	that have	a	detrimental	impact	on	the	estimated	future	cashflows	of	the	financial	asset	have	occurred.	Evidence	that	a financial	asset	is	credit	impaired	includes	the	following	observable	data:

- Significant	financial	difficulty	of	the	debtor;
- Breach	of	contract,	such	as	a	default	or	being	more	than	90	days	past	due;
- It	is	becoming	probable	that	the	debtor	will	enter	bankruptcy	or	other	financial	reorganization;	or
- The	disappearance	of	an	active	market	for	the	financial	asset	because	of	financial	difficulties.

## Note	4.	Write	off

Generally,	the	Group	writes	off,	partially	or	fully,	the	financial	asset	when	it	assesses	that	there	is	no	realistic	prospect of	recovery	of	the	amount	as	evidenced	by,	for	example,	the	debtor's	lack	of	assets	or	income	sources	that	could generate	sufficient	cashflows	to	repay	the	amounts	subjected	to	the	write-off.

The	Group	performs	ongoing	credit	evaluation	of	 its	 counterparties'	 financial	 condition	 and	 generally	 does	 not require	collateral.

During	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022,	the	Group	wrote	off	S$141,000	and	S$Nil	(2021:	S$92,000	and S$11,000)	of	trade	and	other	receivables	respectively.	The	amounts	were	trade	and	other	receivables	from	third parties	which	had	been	long	outstanding	and	were	not	secured.	In	consideration	of	the	aforementioned	factors	and the	financial	ability	of	the	debtors,	the	Group	assessed	there	was	no	reasonable	expectation	of	recovery.

The	Group	and	Company	do	not	have	any	significant	credit	exposure	to	any	single	counterparty	or	any	groups	of counterparties	having	similar	characteristics.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Note	4.	Write	off	(Continued)

With	reference	to	Note	36,	the	Company	provides	financial	guarantees	to	certain	banks	in	respect	of	bank	facilities granted	 to	 certain	 subsidiaries.	 The	 date	 when	 the	 Company	 becomes	 a	 committed	 party	 to	 the	 guarantee	 is considered	to	be	the	date	of	initial	recognition	for	the	purpose	of	assessing	the	financial	asset	for	impairment. In	determining	whether	there	has	been	a	significant	risk	of	a	default	occurring	on	the	drawn-down	facilities,	the Company	considered	the	change	in	the	risk	that	the	specified	debtor	(i.e.	the	applicable	subsidiaries)	will	default	on the	contract.	The	Company	assessed	that	the	credit	risk	relating	to	the	financial	guarantees	is	insignificant	to	the Company.

As	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year,	other	than	as	disclosed	above,	there	was	no	significant	concentration	of	credit risk.	The	 maximum	exposure	to	credit	risk	is	represented	by	the	carrying	amount	of	each	financial	asset	in	the statements	of	financial	position.

## Trade	receivables	(Note	22)	and	contract	assets	(Note	21)

The	Group	uses	the	practical	expedient	under	SFRS(I)	9	in	the	form	of	allowance	matrix	to	measure	the	ECL	for	trade receivables	and	contract	assets,	where	the	loss	allowance	is	equal	to	lifetime	ECL.

The	ECL	for	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets	are	estimated	using	an	allowance	matrix	by	reference	to	the historical	credit	loss	experience	of	the	customers	for	the	last	3	years	prior	to	the	respective	reporting	dates	for various	customer	groups	that	are	assessed	by	geographical	locations,	adjusted	for	forward	looking	factors	specific	to the	debtors	and	the	economic	environment	which	could	affect	the	ability	of	the	debtors	to	settle	the	financial	assets. In	considering	the	impact	of	the	economic	environment	on	the	ECL	rates,	the	Company	assesses,	for	example,	the gross	domestic	production	growth	rates	of	the	countries	(e.g.	Singapore,	China,	Vietnam,	Malaysia)	and	the	growth rates	of	the	major	industries	which	its	customers	operate	in.

Trade	receivables	and	contract	assets	are	written	off	when	there	is	evidence	to	indicate	that	the	customer	is	in severe	financial	difficulty	such	as	being	under	liquidation	or	bankruptcy	and	there	are	no	reasonable	expectations for	recovering	the	outstanding	balances.

In	the	prior	financial	year,	allowance	made	related	to	debtors	with	significant	financial	difficulties.	The	management estimated	the	irrecoverable	amounts	by	reference	to	past	default	experience.	If	repeated	reminders	and	letters	of demand	to	settle	overdue	payments	fail	to	yield	results,	the	Group	will	make	allowances	or	write	off	the	debts	on	a case-by-case	basis.

The	loss	allowance	for	trade	receivables	and	contract	assets	are	determined	as	follows:

| Trade receivables  Contract  assets  Current  Past due 1  to 30 days  Past due 31  to 60 days  Past due 61  to 90 days  Past due  more than  90 days  Total  31 March 2022  Expected credit loss rates  0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  61%  Total gross carrying amount  (S$'000)  1,008  34,208  8,143  2,076  773  9,331  54,531  Loss allowance (S$'000)  -  -  -  -  -  5,658  5,658  31 March 2021  Expected credit loss rates  0%  0%  0%  0%  0%  80%  Total gross carrying amount  (S$'000)  1,009  31,959  4,437  2,978  2,862  7,351  49,587  Loss allowance (S$'000)  -  -  -  -  -  5,907  5,907   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

## Other	receivables	and	deposits	paid	(Note	23)

As	of	31	March	2022,	the	Group	recorded	other	receivables	and	deposits	paid	of	S$10,537,000	(2021:	S$9,735,000). Other	 than	 credit-impaired	 receivables	 classified	 under	 category	 4,	 the	 Company	 assessed	 the	 impairment	 loss allowance	of	these	amounts	on	a	12-month	ECL	basis	consequent	to	their	assessment	and	conclusion	that	these receivables	are	of	low	credit	risk.	The	Group	assessed	that	the	other	receivables	and	deposits	paid	are	made	to parties	with	good	credit	reputation	and	concluded	that	there	has	been	no	significant	increase	in	the	credit	risk	since the	initial	recognition	of	the	financial	asset.	Using	12-month	ECL,	the	Group	determined	that	the	ECL	is	insignificant.

## Amounts	due	from	subsidiaries	(Note	24)

As	 of	 31	 March	 2022,	 the	 Company	 recorded	 amounts	 due	 from	 subsidiaries	 of	 S$45,725,000	 (2021: S$46,405,000)	consequent	to	an	extension	of	loans	to	the	subsidiaries.	The	Company	assessed	the	impairment loss	allowance	of	these	amounts	on	a	12-month	ECL	basis	consequent	to	their	assessment	and	conclusion	that these	receivables	are	of	low	credit	risk.	In	its	assessment	of	the	credit	risk	of	the	subsidiaries,	the	Company considered	amongst	other	factors,	the	financial	position	of	the	subsidiaries	as	of	31	March	2022,	the	past financial	performance	and	cash	flow	trends,	adjusted	for	the	outlook	of	the	industry	and	economy	in	which	the subsidiaries	operate	in.	Using	12-month	ECL,	the	Company	determined	that	the	ECL	is	insignificant.

## NOTES TO THE

## FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

<!-- image -->

## Credit risk (Continued)

The movement in the loss allowance during the financial year and the Group's and Company's exposure to credit risk in respect of the trade receivables and accrued revenue, other receivables and sundry deposits are as follows:

| ## Group Internal credit risk grading  Trade receivables  Contract assets  ## Other receivables and deposits  Note (i)  Category 4  Category 5  Total  Note (i)  Total  Category 1 Category 4  Category 5  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Loss allowance  At 1 April 2020  -  5,933  -  5,933  -  -  -  1,833  -  1,833  Reclassification	between	categories  586  (653)  67  -  -  -  -  (11)  11  -  Currency realignment  -  12  -  12  -  -  -  (9)  -  (9)  Allowance for impairment loss  37  430  -  467  -  -  163  -  -  163  Write-off	of	receivables  -  -  (67)  (67)  -  -  -  -  (11)  (11)  Write-back	of	receivables  -  (438)  -  (438)  -  -  -  (123)  -  (123)  At 31 March 2021  623  5,284  -  5,907  -  -  163  1,690  -  1,853  Reclassification	between	categories  (453)  (870)  1,323  -  -  -  (163)  (415)  578  -  Currency realignment  -  91  -  91  -  -  -  (12)  -  (12)  Allowance for impairment loss  10  1,546  -  1,556  -  -  -  282  -  282  Write-off	of	receivables  -  -  (1,323)  (1,323)  -  -  -  -  (578)  (578)  Write-back	of	receivables  -  (573)  -  (573)  -  -  -  -  -  -  At 31 March 2022  180  5,478  -  5,658  -  -  -  1,545  -  1,545  Gross carrying amount  -  At	31	March	2021  44,302  5,285  -  49,587  1,009  1,009  9,112  2,476  -  11,588  At	31	March	2022  49,052  5,478  -  54,531  1,008  1,008  10,537  1,545  -  12,082  Net carrying amount  At	31	March	2021  43,679  1  -  43,680  1,009  1,009  8,949  786  -  9,735  At	31	March	2022  48,873  -  -  48,873  1,008  1,008  10,537  -  -  10,537   |
|---|

Note (i): For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group uses the practical expedient under SFRS(I) 9 in the form of an allowance matrix to measure the ECL, where the loss allowance is equal to lifetime ECL.

The	Group's	impaired	trade	receivables	at	31	March	2022	had	a	gross	carrying	amount	of	S$1,560,000	(2021:	S$849,000).	At	31	December	2021,	an	impairment	loss	of	the Group	of	S$5,478,000	(2021:	S$5,284,000)	were	related	to	the	individual	impairment	losses	of	several	customers	that	the	Group	was	not	expecting	to	be	able	to	collect	the outstanding	balances,	mainly	due	to	economic	circumstances.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

| Company  Other receivables  Amounts due from subsidiaries  Internal credit risk grading  Category 1  Total  Category 1  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Loss allowance  At	1	April	2020,	31	March	2021  and	31	March	2022  -  -  -  -  Gross carrying amount  At	31	March	2021  32  32  46,405  46,405  At	31	March	2022  64  64  45,725  45,725  Net carrying amount  At	31	March	2021  32  32  46,405  46,405  At	31	March	2022  64  64  45,725  45,725   |
|---|

## Market risk

Market	risk	is	the	risk	that	changes	in	market	prices,	such	as	interest	rates	and	foreign	exchange	rates	will	affect the	Group's	income	or	the	value	of	its	holdings	of	financial	instruments.	The	Group's	activities	expose	it	primarily to	the	financial	risks	of	changes	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	and	interest	rates.	The	objective	of	market	risk management	is	to	manage	and	control	market	risk	exposures	within	acceptable	parameters,	while	optimizing	the return	on	risk.

## Foreign currency risk

The	Group	transacts	business	in	various	foreign	currencies,	including,	Singapore	dollar	('SGD'),	Chinese	Renminbi ('RMB'),	Vietnamese	Dong	('VND'),	Malaysian	Ringgit	('MYR'),	Thai	Baht	('THB'),	and	United	States	dollar	('USD'), other	than	the	respective	functional	currencies	of	the	Group,	and	hence	is	exposed	to	foreign	currency	risk.	The Group	ensures	that	the	net	exposure	is	kept	to	an	acceptable	level	by	buying	or	selling	foreign	currencies	at	spot rates	where	necessary	to	address	short-term	imbalances.

The	 carrying	 amounts	 of	 the	 Group's	 and	 the	 Company's	 foreign	 currency	 denominated	 monetary	 assets	 and monetary	liabilities	as	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year	are	as	follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Monetary assets  SGD  762  714  -  -  MYR  65  65  -  -  THB  32  112  -  -  USD  10,318  6,625  42  7  Monetary liabilities  SGD  3  2  -  -  MYR  8  -  -  -  RMB  3  -  -  -  THB  58  -  -  -  USD  898  1,159  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Market risk (Continued)

## Foreign	currency	risk	(Continued)

Foreign currency sensitivity analysis

The	Group	is	mainly	exposed	to	SGD,	RMB,	VND,	MYR,	THB	and	USD.

The	following	table	details	the	Group's	sensitivity	to	a	10%	change	in	various	foreign	currencies	against	the	respective functional	currencies	of	the	Group	entities.	The	sensitivity	analysis	assumes	an	instantaneous	10%	change	in	the foreign	currency	exchange	rates	from	the	end	of	the	financial	year,	with	all	variables	held	constant.

| Increase/Decrease  in Profit or Loss  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Monetary liabilities  Group  Strengthens/weakens against SGD  MYR  6  7  USD  298  168  Strengthens/weakens against RMB  USD  214  189  Strengthens/weakens against MYR  SGD  76  71  THB  3  11  USD  401  173  Strengthens/weakens against VND  USD  9  16  Company  Strengthens/weakens against SGD  USD  4  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest rate risk

Interest	rate	risk	is	the	risk	that	the	fair	value	or	future	cash	flows	of	a	financial	instrument	will	fluctuate	because	of changes	in	market	interest	rate.

The	Group's	interest	rate	risk	relates	to	interest-bearing	liabilities.

The	Group's	policy	is	to	maintain	an	efficient	and	optimal	interest	cost	structure	using	a	combination	of	fixed	and variable	rate	debts,	and	long	and	short	term	borrowings.

The	Group's	interest	rate	risk	arises	primarily	from	the	floating	rate	borrowings	with	financial	institutions.

The	Group's	and	the	Company's	exposure	to	interest	rate	risk	are	disclosed	in	Note	29	to	the	financial	statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Market risk (Continued)

## Interest	rate	risk	(Continued)

Interest rate sensitivity analysis

The	sensitivity	analysis	below	has	been	determined	based	on	the	exposure	to	interest	rate	risk	for	both	derivatives and	non-derivative	instruments	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year.	For	floating	rate	liabilities,	the	analysis	is	prepared assuming	the	amount	of	liability	outstanding	at	the	end	of	the	financial	year	was	outstanding	for	the	whole	year. The	sensitivity	analysis	assumes	an	instantaneous	5%	(2021:	1%)	change	in	the	interest	rates	from	the	end	of	the financial	year,	with	all	variables	held	constant.

| Increase/Decrease in Profit or Loss  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Bank loans  2,624  495  256  80   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity	risk	 refers	 to	 the	 risk	 in	which	 the	 Group	 encounters	 difficulties	 in	 meeting	 its	 short-term	 obligations. Liquidity	risk	is	managed	by	matching	the	payment	and	receipt	cycle.	The	Group's	and	the	Company's	exposure to	liquidity	risk	arises	primarily	from	mismatches	of	the	maturities	of	financial	assets	and	liabilities.	The	Group	and the	Company	monitor	their	liquidity	risk	and	maintain	a	level	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents	deemed	adequate	by management	to	finance	the	Group's	and	the	Company's	operations	and	to	mitigate	the	effects	of	fluctuations	in cash	flows.	The	Group's	and	the	Company's	objective	is	to	maintain	a	balance	between	continuity	of	funding	and flexibility	through	the	use	of	stand-by	credit	facilities.

The	repayment	terms	of	bank	loans	and	finance	lease	payables	are	disclosed	in	Notes	29	and	30	to	these	financial statements	respectively.

The	Group	has	access	to	credit	facilities	as	follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Unutilized credit facilities  Bank	overdraft	facilities  500  500  Trade	facilities  12,333  4,410  Finance	lease	facilities  2,782  -  Term	loan	facilities  9,759  7,665   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

The	following	table	details	the	Group's	remaining	contractual	maturity	for	its	non-derivative	financial	instruments. The	table	has	been	drawn	up	based	on	contractual	undiscounted	cash	flows	of	financial	instruments	based	on	the earlier	of	the	contractual	date	or	when	the	Group	is	expected	to	receive	or	(pay).	The	table	includes	both	interest	and principal	cash	flows.

| Group  1 year or less  1 to 5 years  Over 5 years  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  2022  Financial assets:  Trade	and	other	receivables  59,139  271  -  59,410  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  19,132  -  -  19,132  78,721  271  -  78,542  Financial liabilities:  Bank loans  41,856  13,636  9,757  65,249  Lease	liabilities  8,161  9,008  6,037  23,206  Trade and other payables  28,382  -  -  28,382  78,399  22,644  15,794  116,837  Total	net	undiscounted	financial	liabilities  (128)  (22,500)  (15,667)  (38,295)  2021  Financial assets:  Trade	and	other	receivables  53,136  279  -  53,415  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  16,070  -  -  16,070  69,206  279  -  69,485  Financial liabilities:  Bank loans  37,016  11,536  9,811  58,363  Lease	liabilities  6,801  6,706  3,164  16,671  Trade and other payables  29,774  -  -  29,774  73,591  18,242  12,975  104,808  Total	net	undiscounted	financial	liabilities  (4,385)  (17,963)  (12,975)  (35,323)   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

| Company  1 year or less  1 to 5 years  Over 5 years  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  2022  Financial assets:  Other	receivables  64  -  -  64  Amounts due from subsidiaries  45,725  -  -  45,725  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  326  -  -  326  46,115  -  -  46,115  Financial liabilities:  Bank loans  6,391  3,267  281  9,939  Lease	liabilities  43  173  594  810  Trade and other payables  433  -  -  433  Maximum	amount	of	financial	guarantee  31,588  -  -  31,588  38,455  3,440  875  42,770  Total net undiscounted  financial	assets/(liabilities)  7,660  (3,440)  (875)  3,345  2021  Financial assets:  Other	receivables  31  -  -  31  Amounts due from subsidiaries  46,405  -  -  46,405  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  470  -  -  470  46,906  -  -  46,906  Financial liabilities:  Bank loans  4,826  4,839  281  9,946  Lease	liabilities  43  173  638  854  Trade and other payables  435  -  -  435  Maximum	amount	of	financial	guarantee  24,108  -  -  24,108  29,412  5,012  919  35,343  Total net undiscounted  financial	assets/(liabilities)  17,494  (5,012)  (919)  11,563   |
|---|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 40. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

## Financial instruments by category

The	carrying	amount	of	the	different	categories	of	financial	instruments	is	as	disclosed	on	the	face	of	the	statements of	financial	position	and	as	follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Financial assets at amortized cost  Trade	and	other	receivables  65,460  59,260  81  52  Less:	Prepayments  (6,321)  (5,845)  (17)  (20)  59,139  53,415  64  32  Amounts due from subsidiaries  -  -  45,725  46,405  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  19,132  16,070  326  470  Total  78,271  69,485  46,115  46,907  Financial assets classified as:  -	FVTOCI  -  4,632  -  -  Financial liabilities at amortized cost  Bank loans  64,818  57,816  9,939  9,946  Lease	liabilities  19,528  14,604  590  613  Trade and other payables  28,382  29,774  433  435  Total  112,728  102,194  10,962  10,994   |
|---|

## 41. Capital management policies and objectives

The	Group	manages	its	capital	to	ensure	that	entities	in	the	Group	will	be	able	to	continue	as	a	going	concern	while maximizing	the	return	to	stakeholders	through	optimization	of	debt	and	equity	balance	except	where	decisions	are made	to	exit	businesses	or	close	companies.

The	capital	structure	of	the	Group	consists	of	debts,	which	includes	the	borrowings	disclosed	in	Note	29	and	equity attributable	to	owners	of	the	Company,	comprising	issued	capital	and	reserves	as	disclosed	in	Notes	26,	27	and	28.

The	Group's	management	reviews	the	capital	structure	on	a	regularly	basis.	As	part	of	this	review,	management considers	the	cost	of	capital	and	the	risks	associated	with	each	class	of	capital.	Upon	review,	the	Group	will	balance its	overall	capital	structure	through	the	payment	of	dividends	to	shareholders,	return	capital	to	shareholders	or	issue new	shares	and	share	buy-backs.	The	Group's	overall	strategy	remains	unchanged	from	31	March	2021.

Management	monitors	capital	based	on	a	gearing	ratio	of	less	than	one.	The	gearing	ratio	is	calculated	as	net	debt divided	by	total	capital.	Net	debt	is	calculated	as	total	debts	(excluding	bank	overdrafts,	income	tax	payable	and deferred	tax	liabilities	as	shown	in	the	statements	of	financial	position),	less	cash	and	cash	equivalents	(net	of	bank overdrafts	and	fixed	deposits	pledged).	Total	capital	is	calculated	as	total	equity	as	shown	in	the	statements	of financial	position,	plus	net	debt.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## For the Financial Year Ended 31 March 2022

## 41. Capital management policies and objectives (Continued)

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Total debts  112,728  102,194  10,962  10,994  Less:	Cash	and	cash	equivalents	(Note	25)  (16,042)  (13,876)  (326)  (470)  Net debt  96,686  88,318  10,636  10,524  Total equity  71,558  66,668  78,884  79,577  Total capital  168,244  154,986  89,520  90,101  Gearing	ratio  0.57  0.57  0.12  0.12   |
|---|

There	were	 no	 changes	 in	 the	 Group's	 approach	 to	 capital	 management	 during	 the	 year.	 Some	 of	 the	 Group's subsidiaries	are	subject	to	externally	imposed	capital	requirements	in	the	form	of	loan	covenants	for	the	financial years	ended	31	March	2022	and	31	March	2021.	These	externally	imposed	capital	requirements	have	been	compiled with	as	at	the	respective	balance	sheet	dates.

## 42. Development of COVID-19 outbreak and its impact on the Group

Looking	ahead,	the	Group	expects	the	operating	environment	to	be	increasingly	challenging.	While	travel	restrictions have	eased	across	Southeast	Asia,	the	'Dynamic	Zero'	policy	in	several	major	cities	in	PRC	has	led	to	delays	in Specialist	Relocation	project	timelines	and	disrupted	Third	Party	Logistics'	cross-border	trucking	operations.	At	the same	time,	headwinds	such	as	rising	operating	costs,	interest	rates	and	manpower	shortages	may	also	compress margins.	However,	the	Group,	in	having	overcome	challenges	faced	during	the	pandemic,	is	better	positioned	and confident	to	navigate	the	tough	environment	ahead	and	will	continue	to	work	closely	with	customers,	suppliers, partners	and	other	stakeholders	in	the	forward	period.

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As At 28 June 2022 Pursuant to Rule 1207(9)

## SHAREHOLDERS' INFORMATION

| Class of equity securities  Number of equity securities  Voting Rights  Ordinary	Shares  387,026,748*  One	vote	per	share  (excluding treasury shares)  Treasury Shares  1,841,107  Not Applicable  Subsidiary Holdings  Nil  Not Applicable  * Excludes non-voting treasure shares   |
|---|

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

%	of	the	aggregate	number	of	treasury	shares	and	subsidiary	holdings	held	against	the	total	number	of	issued	share	in	issue (excluding	treasury	shares	and	subsidiary	holdings)	-	0.48%

| Size of Shareholding  Number of  Shareholders  %  Number of Shares  %  1  -				99  537  10.62  12,677  0.00  100  -				1,000  1,820  35.99  901,209  0.23  1,001  -				10,000  1,640  32.43  6,826,484  1.76  10,001  -				1,000,000  1,019  20.15  113,498,265  29.33  1,000,001  and	above  41  0.81  265,788,113  68.68  5,057  100.00  387,026,748  100.00   |
|---|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

| No.  Name of Shareholders  Number of Shares  %  1.  Low	Weng	Fatt  50,883,708  13.15  2.  Estate	of	Yap	Koon	Bee	@	Louis	Yap,	Deceased  35,002,583  9.04  3.  Yeo Seck Cheong  16,380,165  4.23  4.  Lim Chin Hock  14,479,565  3.74  5.  DBS	Nominees	(Private)	Limited  13,878,134  3.59  6.  Siah Book Hock  10,824,901  2.80  7.  Lim Wui Liat  10,450,704  2.70  8.  Raffles	Nominee	(Pte.)	Limited  8,424,975  2.18  9.  Cheong Tuck Nang (Zhang Deneng)  7,945,912  2.05  10.  Phillip	Securities	Pte	Ltd  6,905,971  1.78  11.  Lim	Jit	Sing,	Jackson	(Lin	Risheng,	Jackson)  5,688,553  1.47  12.  Goh	Guan	Siong	(Wu	Yuanxiang)  5,460,100  1.41  13.  Ong	Eng	Hong  5,388,800  1.39  14.  Lew Wing Kit  5,148,000  1.33  15.  Poh	Yong	Heng	Or	Low	Sot	Kian  4,985,000  1.29  16.  Poh Yong Heng  4,482,000  1.16  17.  Ng Tong Chye  4,350,000  1.12  18.  Ng Aik Cheng  4,183,000  1.08  19.  Lim Lay Hoon  3,791,600  0.98  20.  OCBC	Securities	Private	Limited  3,515,915  0.91  Total  222,169,586  57.40   |
|---|

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As At 28 June 2022

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

(As	recorded	in	the	Register	of	Substantial	Shareholders)

| Direct  Interest  %  Deemed  Interest  %  Low	Weng	Fatt	 (1)  50,883,708  13.15  662,500  0.17  Estate	of	Yap	Koon	Bee	@	Louis	Yap,  Deceased  (2)  35,002,583  9.04  -  -   |
|---|

Notes:

(1) Mr	Low	Weng	Fatt	is	deemed	to	be	interested	in	the	662,500	shares	held	by	his	spouse.

(2) The	Company's	ordinary	shares	held	by	Yap	Koon	Bee	@	Louis	Yap,	the	deceased	substantial	shareholder,	are	currently	administered	by	the estate.

The	 percentage	 of	 shareholding	 above	 is	 computed	 based	 on	 the	 total	 issued	 and	 paid-up	 ordinary	 share	 capital	 of 387,026,748	Shares	(excluding	1,841,107	treasury	shares).

## SHAREHOLDING HELD IN THE HANDS OF PUBLIC

Based	on	information	available	to	the	Company	as	at	28	June	2022,	approximately	68.49%	of	the	Company's	total	number	of issued	shares	excluding	treasury	shares	listed	on	the	Singapore	Exchange	Securities	Trading	Limited	were	held	in	the	hands of	the	public.	Accordingly,	the	Company	has	complied	with	Rule	723	of	the	Listing	Manual.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that	the	Annual	General	Meeting	(the	' Meeting ' or ' AGM ') of CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED (the ' Company ')	will	be	held	on	the	28th	day	of	July	2022	at	11.00	a.m.	via	electronic	means,	for	the	purpose	of	considering and	if	thought	fit,	passing	the	following	resolutions	as	Ordinary	Resolutions,	with	or	without	any	modifications:

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESSES

1. To	receive	and	adopt	the	Directors'	Statement	and	the	Audited	Financial	Statements	of	the	Company	and	of	the	Group for	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022	together	with	the	Auditors'	Report	thereon. (Resolution  1)
2. To	re-elect	Mr	Low	Weng	Fatt,	the	Managing	Director	retiring	pursuant	to	Rule	720(5)	of	the	Listing	Manual	of	the Singapore	Exchange	Securities	Trading	Limited	(' SGX-ST '). [See Explanatory Note (i)] (Resolution 2)
3. To	re-elect	Mr	Chew	Mun	Yew,	a	Director	retiring	pursuant	to	Regulation	120	of	the	Company's	Constitution. [See Explanatory Note (ii)] (Resolution 3)
4. To	re-elect	Mr	Chew	Choy	Seng,	a	Director	retiring	pursuant	to	Regulation	120	of	the	Company's	Constitution. [See Explanatory Note (iii)] (Resolution 4)
5. To	approve	the	payment	of	Directors'	fees	of	up	to	S$400,000	for	the	financial	year	ending	31	March	2023,	with payment	to	be	made	quarterly	in	arrears.	(2022:	S$400,000) (Resolution 5)
6. To	re-appoint	Messrs	Mazars	LLP	as	the	Auditors	of	the	Company	and	to	authorize	the	Directors	of	the	Company	to fix	their	remuneration. (Resolution 6)
7. To	transact	any	other	ordinary	business	which	may	properly	be	transacted	at	an	Annual	General	Meeting.

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESSES

To	consider	and	if	thought	fit,	to	pass	the	following	resolutions	as	Ordinary	Resolutions,	with	or	without	any	modifications:

## 8. Authority to allot and issue shares in the capital of the Company

That	pursuant	to	Section	161	of	the	Companies	Act	1967	(the	' Companies Act ')	and	Rule	806	of	the	Listing	Manual of	the	SGX-ST,	the	Directors	of	the	Company	be	authorised	and	empowered	to:

- (a) (i) allot and issue shares in the Company (' Shares ')	whether	by	way	of	rights,	bonus	or	otherwise;	and/or
- (ii) make	or	grant	offers,	agreements	or	options	(collectively,	' Instruments ') that might or would require Shares	to	be	issued,	including	but	not	limited	to	the	creation	and	issue	of	(as	well	as	adjustments	to) options,	warrants,	debentures	or	other	instruments	convertible	into	Shares,

at	any	time	and	upon	such	terms	and	conditions	and	for	such	purposes	and	to	such	persons	as	the	Directors	of the	Company	may	in	their	absolute	discretion	deem	fit;	and

- (b) (notwithstanding	the	authority	conferred	by	this	Resolution	may	have	ceased	to	be	in	force)	issue	shares	in pursuance	of	any	Instruments	made	or	granted	by	the	Directors	of	the	Company	while	this	Resolution	was	in force;	and
- (c) complete	 and	 do	 all	 such	 acts	 and	 things,	 including	 without	 limitation,	 executing	 all	 such	 documents	 and approving	any	amendments,	alterations	or	modifications	to	any	documents	as	they	may	consider	necessary, desirable	or	expedient	to	give	effect	to	this	Resolution;

provided	that:

- (1) the	aggregate	number	of	Shares	(including	shares	to	be	issued	in	pursuance	of	the	Instruments,	made	or	granted pursuant	to	this	Resolution)	and	Instruments	to	be	issued	pursuant	to	this	Resolution	shall	not	exceed	50% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company	(as	calculated	in	accordance	with	sub-paragraph	(2)	below),	of	which	the	aggregate	number	of	Shares and Instruments to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis	to	existing	shareholders	of	the	Company	shall	not exceed	20%	of	the	total	number	of	issued	Shares	(excluding	treasury	shares	and	subsidiary	holdings)	in	the capital	of	the	Company	(as	calculated	in	accordance	with	sub-paragraph	(2)	below);

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (2) (subject	to	such	manner	of	calculations	as	may	be	prescribed	by	the	SGX-ST)	for	the	purpose	of	determining	the aggregate	number	of	Shares	and	Instruments	that	may	be	issued	under	sub-paragraph	(1)	above,	the	number of issued Shares and Instruments shall be based on the number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary	holdings)	in	the	capital	of	the	Company	at	the	time	of	the	passing	of	this	Resolution,	after	adjusting for:
2. (a) new	Shares	arising	from	the	conversion	or	exercise	of	the	Instruments	or	any	convertible	securities;
3. (b) new	Shares	arising	from	exercising	share	options	or	vesting	of	share	awards,	provided	the	share	options or	share	awards	were	granted	in	compliance	with	Part	VIII	of	Chapter	8	of	the	Listing	Manual	of	the SGX-ST;	and
4. (c) any	subsequent	bonus	issue,	consolidation	or	subdivision	of	Shares;

Adjustments	in	accordance	with	sub-paragraph	(2)(a)	or	sub-paragraph	(2)(b)	above	are	only	to	be	made	in respect	of	new	shares	arising	from	convertible	securities,	share	options	or	share	awards	which	were	issued	and outstanding	or	subsisting	at	the	time	of	the	passing	of	this	Resolution.

- (3) in	exercising	the	authority	conferred	by	this	Resolution,	the	Company	shall	comply	with	the	provisions	of	the Listing	Manual	of	the	SGX-ST	for	the	time	being	in	force	(unless	such	compliance	has	been	waived	by	the	SGXST)	and	the	Constitution	of	the	Company;	and
- (4) unless	revoked	or	varied	by	the	Company	in	a	general	meeting,	the	authority	conferred	by	this	Resolution	shall continue	in	force	(i)	until	the	conclusion	of	the	next	annual	general	meeting	(' AGM ') of the Company or the date	by	which	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	is	required	by	law	to	be	held,	whichever	is	earlier	or	(ii)	in	the	case of	Shares	to	be	issued	in	pursuance	of	the	Instruments,	made	or	granted	pursuant	to	this	Resolution,	until	the issuance	of	such	Shares	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	Instruments. [See Explanatory Note (iv)] (Resolution 7)

## 9. Renewal of Share Buyback Mandate

That:

- (a) for	 the	purposes	of	the	Companies	Act,	the	exercise	by	the	Directors	of	the	Company	of	all	the	powers	of the Company to purchase or otherwise acquire the Shares not exceeding in aggregate the Prescribed Limit (as	hereinafter	defined),	at	such	price(s)	as	may	be	determined	by	the	Directors	from	time	to	time	up	to	the Maximum	Price	(as	hereinafter	defined),	whether	by	way	of:
- (i) on-market	purchases,	transacted	on	the	SGX-ST	or	through	one	or	more	duly	licensed	stockbrokers appointed by the Company for the purpose (each a ' Market Purchase ');	and/or
- (ii) off-market	purchases	(if	effected	otherwise	than	on	the	SGX-ST)	in	accordance	with	an	equal	access scheme(s)	as	may	be	determined	or	formulated	by	the	Directors	as	they	may	consider	fit,	which	scheme(s) shall	 satisfy	 all	 the	 conditions	 prescribed	 by	 the	 Companies	Act	and	the	Listing	Rules	(each	an	' Off Market Purchase '),

(the ' Share Buyback Mandate '),

- (b) unless	varied	or	revoked	by	the	Company	in	general	meeting,	the	authority	conferred	on	the	Directors	of	the Company	pursuant	to	the	Share	Buyback	Mandate	may	be	exercised	by	the	Directors	at	any	time	and	from	time to	time	during	the	period	commencing	from	the	passing	of	this	Resolution	and	expiring	on	the	earlier	of:
- (i) the	date	on	which	the	next	AGM	is	held	or	required	by	law	to	be	held;
- (ii) the	date	on	which	the	share	buybacks	are	carried	out	to	the	full	extent	mandated;	or
- (iii) the	date	on	which	the	authority	contained	in	the	Share	Buyback	Mandate	is	varied	or	revoked,

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## (c) In	this	Resolution:

' Prescribed Limit '	 means	10%	of	the	total	number	of	ordinary	shares	in	the	Company	(excluding	treasury shares	and	subsidiary	holdings)	as	at	the	date	of	passing	of	this	Resolution	unless	the	Company	has	effected	a reduction	of	the	share	capital	of	the	Company	in	accordance	with	the	applicable	provisions	of	the	Companies Act,	at	any	time	during	the	Relevant	Period,	in	which	event	the	issued	ordinary	share	capital	of	the	Company shall be taken to be the amount of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as altered (excluding treasury	shares	and	subsidiary	holdings);

' Relevant Period '	means	the	period	commencing	from	the	date	on	which	the	last	AGM	was	held	and	expiring on	the	date	the	next	AGM	is	held	or	is	required	by	law	to	be	held,	whichever	is	the	earlier,	after	the	date	of	this Resolution;

' Maximum Price '	in	relation	to	a	Share	to	be	purchased,	means	an	amount	(excluding	brokerage,	stamp	duties, applicable	goods	and	services	tax	and	other	related	expenses)	not	exceeding:

- (i) in	the	case	of	a	Market	Purchase	:	105%	of	the	Average	Closing	Price;
- (ii) in	the	case	of	an	Off-Market	Purchase	:	120%	of	the	Highest	Last	Dealt	Price,	where:

' Average Closing Price '	refers	to	the	average	of	the	closing	market	prices	of	the	Shares	over	the	last	5	Market Days,	on	which	transactions	in	the	Share	were	recorded,	before	the	day	on	which	the	Market	Purchases	are made	or	the	date	of	the	making	of	the	offer	pursuant	to	the	Off-Market	Purchase,	and	deemed	to	be	adjusted for	any	corporate	action	that	occurs	during	the	relevant	5-day	period	and	the	date	of	the	Market	Purchase,	or the	date	of	the	making	of	the	offer	pursuant	to	the	Off-Market	Purchase,	as	the	case	may	be;

' day of the making of the offer '	means	the	day	on	which	the	Company	announces	its	intention	to	make	an	offer for	the	purchase	of	Shares	from	Shareholders	of	the	Company	stating	the	purchase	price	(which	shall	not	be more	than	the	Maximum	Price	calculated	on	the	foregoing	basis)	for	each	Share	and	the	relevant	terms	of	the equal	access	scheme	for	effecting	the	Off-Market	Purchase;	and

- (d) The  Directors  of  the  Company  be  and  are  hereby  authorised  to  complete  and  do  all  such  acts  and  things (including	executing	such	documents	as	may	be	required)	as	they	may	consider	expedient	or	necessary	to	give effect	to	the	transactions	contemplated	by	this	Resolution. [See Explanatory Note (v)] (Resolution 8)
10. Contingent	upon	the	passing	of	Ordinary	Resolution	3	and	pursuant	to	Rule	210(5)(d)(iii)	of	the	Listing	Manual	of	the SGX-ST	which	will	take	effect	from	1	January	2022,	Shareholders	to	approve	the	continued	appointment	of	Mr	Chew Mun	Yew	as	an	Independent	Director,	and	that	upon	due	approval,	the	approval	shall	remain	in	force	until	the	earlier of:	(a)	the	retirement	or	resignation	of	the	Director;	or	(b)	the	conclusion	of	the	third	AGM	from	the	aforesaid	approval. [ See Explanatory Note (vi)] (Resolution 9)
11. Contingent	upon	the	passing	of	Ordinary	Resolution	9	and	pursuant	to	Rule	210(5)(d)(iii)	of	the	Listing	Manual	of the	 SGX-ST	 which	 take	 effect	 from	 1	 January	 2022,	 Shareholders,	 excluding	 the	 directors,	 the	 chief	 executive officer	and	their	associates,	to	approve	the	continued	appointment	of	Mr	Chew	Mun	Yew	as	an	Independent	Director, and	that	upon	due	approval,	the	approval	shall	remain	in	force	until	the	earlier	of:	(a)	the	retirement	or	resignation	of the	Director;	or	(b)	the	conclusion	of	the	third	AGM	from	the	aforesaid	approval. [See Explanatory Note (vi)] (Resolution 10 )

By	Order	of	the	Board

Siau Kuei Lian

Company Secretary Singapore,	13	July	2022

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Explanatory Notes:

- (i) Mr	Low	Weng	Fatt,	if	re-elected,	will	remain	as	Managing	Director	and	Chief	Executive	Officer	of	the	Company.	Please refer	to	page	32	of	the	Corporate	Governance	Statement	in	the	Annual	Report	for	the	detailed	information	as	required pursuant	to	Rule	720(6)	of	the	Listing	Manual	of	the	SGX-ST.
- (ii) Mr	Chew	Mun	Yew,	if	re-elected,	will	remain	as	the	Chairman	of	the	Remuneration	Committee,	a	member	of	Audit Committee	and	Nominating	Committee	respectively,	will	be	considered	independent	for	the	purpose	of	Rule	704(8) of	 the	 Listing	 Manual	 of	 the	 SGX-ST.	 Please	 refer	 to	 page	 32	 of	 the	 Corporate	 Governance	 Statement	 in	 the Annual	Report	for	the	detailed	information	as	required	pursuant	to	Rule	720(6)	of	the	Listing	Manual	of	the	SGX-ST.
- (iii) Mr	Chew	Choy	Seng,	if	re-elected,	will	remain	as	the	Chairman	of	the	Audit	Committee,	a	member	of	Nominating Committee	and	Remuneration	Committee	respectively,	will	be	considered	independent	for	the	purpose	of	Rule	704(8) of	the	Listing	Manual	of	the	SGX-ST.	Please	refer	to	page	32	of	the	Corporate	Governance	Statement	in	the	Annual Report	for	the	detailed	information	as	required	pursuant	to	Rule	720(6)	of	the	Listing	Manual	of	the	SGX-ST.
- (iv) Resolution	7,	if	passed,	will	empower	the	Directors	of	the	Company	from	the	date	of	this	AGM	until	the	date	of	the next	AGM	of	the	Company,	or	the	date	by	which	the	next	AGM	of	the	Company	is	required	by	law	to	be	held	or	such authority	is	varied	or	revoked	by	the	Company	in	a	general	meeting,	whichever	is	the	earlier,	to	issue	shares,	make or	grant	Instruments	convertible	into	shares	and	to	issue	shares	pursuant	to	such	Instruments,	up	to	a	number	not exceeding,	in	aggregate	50%	of	the	total	number	of	issued	shares	(excluding	treasury	shares	and	subsidiary	holdings) in	the	capital	of	the	Company,	of	which	up	to	20%	may	be	issued	other	than	on	a pro rata basis	to	existing	shareholders of	the	Company.

For	determining	the	aggregate	number	of	shares	that	may	be	issued,	the	percentage	of	issued	shares	in	the	capital	of the Company will be calculated based on the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings)	in	the	capital	of	the	Company	at	the	time	this	Resolution	is	passed	after	adjusting	for	new	shares	arising from	the	conversion	or	exercise	of	the	Instruments	or	any	convertible	securities,	the	exercise	of	share	options	or	the vesting	of	share	awards	outstanding	or	subsisting	at	the	time	when	this	Resolution	is	passed	and	any	subsequent consolidation	or	subdivision	of	shares.

- (v) Resolution	8,	if	passed,	will	empower	the	Directors	of	the	Company	to	repurchase	ordinary	shares	of	the	Company by	way	of	market	purchases	or	off-market	purchases	of	up	to	10%	of	the	total	number	of	issued	shares	(excluding treasury	 shares	 and	 subsidiary	 holdings)	 in	 the	 capital	 of	 the	 Company	 as	 at	 the	 date	 of	 the	AGM	 at	which	 this Ordinary	Resolution	is	passed.	The	rationale	for,	the	authority	and	limitation	on,	the	sources	of	the	funds	to	be	used for	the	purchase	or	acquisition,	including	the	amount	of	financing	and	financial	effects	of	the	purchase	or	acquisition of	the	ordinary	shares	by	the	Company	pursuant	to	the	Share	Buyback	Mandate	on	the	audited	consolidated	financial accounts	of	the	Group	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022	are	set	out	in	greater	detail	in	the	Appendix despatched	together	with	the	Annual	Report	2022.
- (vi) Mr	Chew	Mun	Yew	will	serve	the	Board	beyond	nine	(9)	years	on	5	August	2022.	In	this	respect,	the	tenure	of	Mr Chew	Mun	Yew	as	an	Independent	Director	of	the	Company	(subject	to	Resolution	3	being	duly	approved	at	this AGM),	will	end	on	5	August	2022.	Pursuant	to	Rule	210(5)(d)(iii)	of	the	Listing	Manual	of	the	SGX-ST	which	took effect	from	1	January	2022,	Mr	Chew	Mun	Yew,	will	be	served	on	the	Board	beyond	nine	(9)	years	from	the	date	of his	first	appointment	and	will	not	be	considered	an	Independent	Director	on	5	August	2022	unless	his	appointment as	an	Independent	Director	is	approved	in	separate	resolutions	by	(A)	all	Shareholders	and	(B)	Shareholders,	excluding the	directors,	the	chief	executive	officer	and	their	associates.	The	Company	is	seeking	at	this	AGM	to	obtain	the required	approval	in	separate	resolutions	by	(A)	all	Shareholders	and	(B)	Shareholders,	excluding	the	directors,	the chief	executive	officer	and	their	associates	prior	to	5	August	2022	as	required	for	his	continued	appointment	as an	 Independent	 Director.	 Ordinary	 Resolutions	 9	 and	 10,	 if	 passed,	 will	 enable	 Mr	 Chew	 Mun	Yew	 to	 continue his	appointment	as	an	Independent	Director	(unless	the	appointment	has	been	changed	subsequent	to	the	AGM) pursuant	to	Rule	210(5)(d)(iii)	of	the	Listing	Manual	of	the	SGX-ST	and	to	Provisions	2.1	of	the	Code	of	Corporate Governance	2018	and	the	approvals	shall	remain	in	force	until	the	earlier	of	(a)	his	retirement	or	resignation;	or	(b)	the conclusion	of	the	third	AGM	of	the	Company.	Resolution	9	is	conditional	upon	Resolution	10	being	duly	approved; else	the	aforesaid	director	will	be	designated	as	Non-Independent	Director	with	effect	from	5	August	2022.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Notes:

1. The	AGM	will	be	held	by	electronic	means	pursuant	to	the	COVID-19	(Temporary	Measures)	(Alternative	Arrangements for	Meetings	for	Companies,	Variable	Capital	Companies,	Business	Trust,	Unit	Trusts	and	Debenture	Holders)	Order 2020.
2. Alternative	arrangements	relating	to	attendance	at	the	AGM	via	electronic	means	(including	arrangements	by	which the	meeting	can	be	electronically	accessed	via	live	audio-visual	webcast	or	audio-only	stream	only),	submission	of questions	to	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	in	advance	of	the	AGM,	addressing	of	substantial	and	relevant	questions prior	to	the	AGM	and	voting	by	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	as	proxy	at	the	AGM,	are	set	out	in	the accompanying	 Company's	 announcement	 dated	 13	 July	 2022.	 This	 announcement	 may	 be	 accessed	 at	 the Company's website at http:/ /www.chasen.com.sg/	 or	 SGX's	website	 at	 https:/ /www.sgx.com/securities/companyannouncements .

To	minimise	physical	interactions	and	Covid-19	transmission	risks,	a	member	of	the	Company	will	not	be	able	to attend	the	Meeting	in	person.	Pursuant	to	Part	4	of	the	COVID-19	(Temporary	Measures)	Act	2020,	a	member	of	the Company	(including	a	Relevant	Intermediary*)	entitled	to	vote	at	the	AGM	must	appoint	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting to	act	as	proxy	and	direct	the	vote	at	the	Meeting.	The	Chairman	of	the	Meeting,	as	proxy,	need	not	be	a	member	of the	Company.

3. The	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	as	proxy	must	be	submitted	(a)	by	post	to	the	Company's Share	Registrar's	office,	Boardroom	Corporate	&amp;	Advisory	Pte.	Ltd.	at	1	Harbourfront	Avenue,	Keppel	Bay	Tower	#1407	Singapore	098632;	or	(b)	by	email	to	CorpAdmin@chasen-logistics.com,	in	either	case,	by	11.00	a.m.	on	25	July 2022,	being	not	less	than	72	hours	before	the	time	appointed	for	holding	the	Meeting.
4. The	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	as	proxy	must	be	under	the	hand	of	the	appointer	or	of his/her	attorney	duly	authorised	in	writing.	Where	the	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	as	proxy is	executed	by	a	corporation,	it	must	be	executed	either	under	its	seal,	executed	as	a	deed	in	accordance	with	the Companies	Act	or	under	the	hand	of	the	attorney	or	an	officer	duly	authorised,	or	in	some	other	manner	approved by	the	Directors.	Where	the	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	as	proxy	is	executed	by	an	attorney on	behalf	of	the	appointer,	the	letter	or	power	of	attorney	or	a	duly	certified	copy	thereof	must	be	lodged	with	the instrument.
5. Investors	who	hold	shares	through	Relevant	Intermediaries*,	including	under	the	Central	Provident	Fund	Investment Scheme (' CPF Investors ')	or	the	Supplementary	Retirement	Scheme	(' SRS Investors '),	and	who	wish	to	appoint	the Chairman	of	the	Meeting	as	their	proxy	should	approach	their	respective	Relevant	Intermediaries*,	including	CPF Agent	Banks	or	SRS	Operators,	to	submit	their	votes	at	least	seven	(7)	working	days	before	the	Meeting	(i.e.	by	11.00 a.m.	on	18	July	2022)

## *A	Relevant	Intermediary	is:

- (a) a	 banking	 corporation	 licensed	 under	 the	 Banking	 Act	 1970,	 or	 a	 wholly-owned	 subsidiary	 of	 such	 a	 banking corporation,	whose	business	includes	the	provision	of	nominee	services	and	who	holds	shares	in	that	capacity;	or
- (b) a	person	holding	a	capital	markets	services	licence	to	provide	custodial	services	for	securities	under	the	Securities	and Futures	Act	2001,	and	who	holds	shares	in	that	capacity;	or
- (c) the	Central	Provident	Fund	Board	established	by	the	Central	Provident	Fund	Act	1953,	in	respect	of	shares	purchased under	the	subsidiary	legislation	made	under	that	Act	providing	for	the	making	of	investments	from	the	contributions and	interest	standing	to	the	credit	of	members	of	the	Central	Provident	Fund,	if	the	Board	holds	those	shares	in	the capacity	of	an	intermediary	pursuant	to	or	in	accordance	with	that	subsidiary	legislation.

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY

By	(a)	submitting	an	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	as	proxy	to	attend,	speak	and	vote	at	the	AGM of	the	Company	and/or	any	adjournment	thereof,	or	(b)	submitting	details	for	the	registration	to	observe	the	proceedings of	the	AGM	of	the	Company	via	a	'live'	audio-visual	webcast	or	a	'live'	audio-only	stream	(the	' Live AGM Webcast '),	or (c)	 submitting	 any	 question	prior	to	the	AGM	of	the	Company	in	accordance	with	the	procedures	set	out	in	a	separate announcement	dated	13	July	2022	entitled	'Important	Notice	to	Shareholders	regarding	the	Company's	Annual	General Meeting	to	be	held	on	28	July	2022',	a	member	of	the	Company	consents	to	the	collection,	use	and	disclosure	of	the

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

member's	personal	data	by	the	Company	(or	its	agents	or	service	providers)	for	following	the	purposes:

- (i) processing,	 administration	 and	 analysis	 by	 the	 Company	 (or	 its	 agents	 or	 service	 providers)	 of	 the	 instruments appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	Meeting	as	proxy	for	the	AGM	of	the	Company	(including	any	adjournment	thereof) and	the	preparation	and	compilation	of	the	attendance	lists,	proxy	lists,	minutes	and	other	documents	relating	to	the AGM	of	the	Company	(including	any	adjournment	thereof);
- (ii) processing	of	the	registration	for	purpose	of	granting	access	to	members	(or	their	corporate	representatives	in	the case	of	members	which	are	legal	entities)	to	the	Live	AGM	Webcast	to	observe	the	proceedings	of	the	AGM	of	the Company	and	providing	them	with	any	technical	assistance	where	necessary;
- (iii) addressing	 substantial	 and	 relevant	 questions	 from	 members	 received	 before	 the	 AGM	 of	 the	 Company	 and	 if necessary,	following	up	with	the	relevant	members	in	relation	to	such	questions;	and
- (iv) enabling	the	Company	(or	its	agents	or	service	providers)	to	comply	with	any	applicable	laws,	listing	rules,	regulations and/or	guidelines	by	the	relevant	authorities.

The	member's	personal	data	may	be	disclosed	or	transferred	by	the	Company	to	its	subsidiaries,	its	share	registrar	and/or other	agents	or	bodies	for	any	of	the	abovementioned	purposes,	and	retained	for	such	period	as	may	be	necessary	for	the Company's	verification	and	record	purposes.

<!-- image -->

## CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Company	Registration	No.	199906814G) (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

## PROXY FORM ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

(Please see notes overleaf before completing this Form)

*I/We

Company	Registration	No./UEN	No.)	of

## IMPORTANT:

1.  To	minimise	physical	interactions	and	Covid-19	transmission	risks,	a	member	of	the	Company will	not	be	able	to	attend	the	Meeting	in	person.	If	a	member	(whether	individual	or	corporate) wishes	 to	 exercise	 his/her/its	 votes,	 he/she/it	 must	 submit	 a	 proxy	 form	 to	 appoint	 the Chairman	 of	 the	 AGM	 to	 vote	 on	 his/her/its	 behalf.	 A	 member	 (whether	 individual	 or corporate)	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	proxy	must	give	specific	instructions	as to	his/her/its	manner	of	voting,	or	abstentions	from	voting,	in	the	proxy	form,	failing	which	the appointment	for	that	resolution	will	be	treated	as	invalid.
2.  Alternative	arrangements	to,	among	others,	attendance,	submission	of	questions	in	advance, voting	by	proxy	at	the	Meeting,	are	set	out	in	the	Notice	of	Annual	General	Meeting	dated	13 July	2022.
3.  Persons,	who	would	have	been	able	to	be	appointed	as	proxies	by	relevant	intermediaries under	Section	181(1C)	of	the	Companies	Act,	such	as	Central	Provident	Fund	Investment Scheme (' CPF Investors ')	and	Supplementary	Retirement	Scheme	(' SRS Investors ') (as may be applicable)	and	wishes	to	appoint	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	their	proxy	should	approach their	respective	relevant	intermediaries	(e.g.	CPF/SRS	Approved	Nominees	such	as	CPF	Agent Banks	or	SRS	Operators)	to	submit	their	votes	by	11.00	a.m.	on	18	July	2022,	being	seven	(7) working	days	before	the	AGM.
4.  This	Proxy	Form	is	not	valid	for	use	by	CPF	and	SRS	Investors	and	shall	be	ineffective	for	all intents	and	purposes	if	used	or	purported	to	be	used	by	them.

(Name)

(NRIC/Passport

No./

(Address)

being	a	*member/members	of CHASEN HOLDINGS LIMITED (the ' Company '),	hereby	appoint	the	Chairman	of	the	Annual General	Meeting	as	*my/our	proxy	to	vote	for	*me/us	on	*my/our	behalf	at	the	Annual	General	Meeting	of	the	Company (the ' AGM ')	to	be	held	by	way	of	electronic	means	on	Thursday,	28	July	2022	at	11.00	a.m.	and	at	any	adjournment	thereof.

*I/We	direct	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM,	being	*my/our	proxy,	to	vote	for	or	against,	or	to	abstain	on	the	Resolutions	to be	proposed	at	the	AGM	as	indicated	hereunder. If no specific direction as to voting is given or in the event of any other matter arising at the Meeting and at any adjournment thereof, the appointment of Chairman of the AGM as proxy for that Resolution will be treated as invalid.

| No.  Resolutions relating to:  Number  of votes  For**  Number  of votes  Against**  Number  of votes  Abstain**  Ordinary Businesses  1  Adoption	of	the	Directors'	Statement	and	Audited	Financial	Statements	of  the	Company	and	the	Group	for	the	financial	year	ended	31	March	2022  together with the Auditors' Report thereon  2  Re-election	of	Mr	Low	Weng	Fatt	as	a	Director	of	the	Company  3  Re-election	of	Mr	Chew	Mun	Yew	as	a	Director	of	the	Company  4  Re-election	of	Mr	Chew	Choy	Seng	as	a	Director	of	the	Company  5  Approval	of	Directors'	fees	for	the	financial	year	ending	31	March	2023,  with payment to be made quarterly in arrears  6  Re-appointment	 of	 Messrs	 Mazars	 LLP	 as	Auditors	 of	 the	 Company	 and  authority	to	Directors	to	fix	their	remuneration  Special Businesses  7  Authority to allot and issue shares in the capital of the Company  8  Renewal of Share Buyback Mandate  9  Approval	of	Mr	Chew	Mun	Yew's	continued	appointment	as	an	Independent  Director by shareholders  10  Approval	of	Mr	Chew	Mun	Yew's	continued	appointment	as	an	Independent  Director	by	shareholders	(excluding	the	directors,	the	chief	executive	officer  and their associates)   |
|---|

*Delete	where	inapplicable.

**If	you	wish	to	exercise	all	your	votes	'For'	or	'Against'	or	to	abstain	from	voting	on	the	Ordinary	Resolutions,	please	indicate	with	an	'X'	within	the box	provided.	Alternatively,	please	indicate	the	number	of	votes	that	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	your	proxy	is	directed	to	vote	'For'	or	'Against' or	to	abstain	from	voting.		In	the	absence	of	specific	directions,	the	appointment	of	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	your	proxy	for	that	resolution	will be	treated	as	invalid.

## Total Number of Shares

CDP Register

Register of Members

Dat ed	this day	of 2022

Signature of Member(s) and/or Common Seal of Corporate Shareholder

IMPORTANT:	PLEASE	READ	NOTES	ON	THE	REVERSE.

## Notes:

1. Please	insert	the	total	number	of	Shares	held	by	you.	If	you	have	Shares	entered	against	your	name	in	the	Depository	Register	(as	defined	in Section	81SF	of	the	Securities	and	Futures	Act	2001),	you	should	insert	that	number	of	Shares.	If	you	have	Shares	registered	in	your	name	in the	Register	of	Members,	you	should	insert	that	number	of	Shares.	If	you	have	Shares	entered	against	your	name	in	the	Depository	Register and	Shares	registered	in	your	name	in	the	Register	of	Members,	you	should	insert	the	aggregate	number	of	Shares	entered	against	your	name in	the	Depository	Register	and	registered	in	your	name	in	the	Register	of	Members.	If	no	number	is	inserted,	the	instrument	appointing	the Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	a	proxy	shall	be	deemed	to	relate	to	all	the	Shares	held	by	you.
2. To minimise physical interactions and Covid-19 transmission risks, a member will not be able to attend the AGM in person. If a member (whether individual or corporate) wishes to exercise his/her/its voting rights at the AGM, he /she/it must submit an instrument of proxy to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to attend and vote on his/her/its behalf at the AGM. A member of the Company (including a Relevant	Intermediary*)	entitled	to	participate	and	vote	at	the	AGM	of	the	Company	must	appoint	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	to	act	as	proxy and	direct	the	vote	at	the	AGM.	A	member	(whether	individual	or	corporate)	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	proxy	must	give	specific instructions	as	his/her/its	manner	of	voting,	or	abstentions	from	voting,	in	the	instrument	of	proxy,	failing	which	the	appointment	of	the Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	proxy	for	that	resolution	will	be	treated	as	invalid.
3. The	Chairman	of	the	AGM,	as	proxy,	need	not	be	a	member	of	the	Company.
4. The	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	proxy,	together	with	the	letter	or	power	of	attorney	or	other	authority	under	which	it is	signed	(if	applicable)	or	a	duly	certified	company	thereof	must:
- a)  if	sent	personally	or	by	post	be	lodge	at	the	Company's	Share	Registrar,	Boardroom	Corporate	&amp;	Advisory	Pte.	Ltd.	at	1	Harbourfront	Avenue, Keppel	Bay	Tower	#14-07	Singapore	098632;	or
- b) if	by	email,	be	received	by	the	Company	at	CorpAdmin@chasen-logistics.com,
7. in	either	case,	by	11.00	a.m.	on	25	July	2022	(being	72	hours	before	the	time	fixed	for	the	AGM),	in	default	the	instrument	of	proxy	shall not	be	treated	as	valid.
5. The	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	the	proxy	must	be	under	the	hand	of	the	appointor	or	of	his	attorney	duly	authorised in	writing.	Where	the	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	a	proxy	is	executed	by	a	corporation,	it	must	be	executed	either under	its	seal	or	under	the	hand	of	an	officer	or	attorney	duly	authorised.	Where	the	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	the proxy	is	executed	by	an	attorney	on	behalf	of	the	appointor,	the	letter	or	power	of	attorney	or	a	duly	certified	copy	thereof	must	be	lodged	with the	instrument,	failing	which	the	instrument	may	be	treated	as	invalid.
6. A	corporation	which	is	a	member	may	authorise	by	resolution	of	its	directors	or	other	governing	body	such	person	as	it	thinks	fit	to	act	as	its representative	at	the	AGM,	in	accordance	with	Section	179	of	the	Companies	Act	1967	(the	' Companies Act '),	and	the	person	so	authorised shall	upon	production	of	a	copy	of	such	resolution	certified	by	a	director	of	the	corporation	to	be	a	true	copy,	be	entitled	to	exercise	the	powers on	behalf	of	the	corporation	so	represented	as	the	corporation	could	exercise	in	person	if	it	were	an	individual.
7. Persons,	who	would	have	been	able	to	be	appointed	as	proxies	by	Relevant	Intermediaries*	under	Section	181(1C)	of	the	Companies	Act,	such as	Central	Provident	Fund	Investment	Scheme	(' CPF Investors ')	and/or	the	Supplementary	Retirement	Scheme	(' SRS Investors ') (as may be applicable),	and	wishes	to	appoint	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	their	proxy	should	approach	their	respective	Relevant	Intermediaries*,	(e.g. CPF/SRS	Approved	Nominees	such	as	CPF	Agent	Banks	or	SRS	Operators),	to	submit	their	votes	at	least	seven	(7)	working	days	before	the AGM	(i.e.	by	11.00	a.m.	on	18	July	2022).
8. Relevant	Intermediaries	other	than	CPF/SRS	Approved	Nominees	instructed	to	appoint	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	to	act	as	proxy	and	direct the	vote	at	the	AGM	together	with	the	instrument	appointing	a	proxy,	shall	provide	to	the	Company	an	official	cover	letter	and	a	list	of attendees	in	excel	format	who	would	like	to	attend	the	AGM	by	way	of	a	'live'	webcast	and/or	'live'	audio	feed	with	each	attendee's	full name,	NRIC/Passport	No./Company	Registration	No.,	address,	email	address	and	no.	of	Shares	for	verification	purposes.		Upon	successful registration,	authenticated	attendees	will	receive	an	email	confirmation	by	5:00	p.m.	on	27	July	2022	with	their	user	log-in	details,	access password	and	the	link	to	access	the	'live'	webcast	and/or	telephone	number	for	'live'	audio	feed	of	the	AGM	proceedings.

## *A	Relevant	Intermediary	is:

- (a) a	banking	corporation	licensed	under	the	Banking	Act	1970,	or	a	wholly-owned	subsidiary	of	such	a	banking	corporation,	whose	business includes	the	provision	of	nominee	services	and	who	holds	shares	in	that	capacity;	or
- (b) a	person	holding	a	capital	markets	services	licence	to	provide	custodial	services	for	securities	under	the	Securities	and	Futures	Act	2001,	and who	holds	shares	in	that	capacity;	or
- (c) the	Central	Provident	Fund	Board	established	by	the	Central	Provident	Fund	Act	1953,	in	respect	of	shares	purchased	under	the	subsidiary legislation	made	under	that	Act	providing	for	the	making	of	investments	from	the	contributions	and	interest	standing	to	the	credit	of	members of	the	Central	Provident	Fund,	if	the	Central	Provident	Fund	Board	holds	those	shares	in	the	capacity	of	an	intermediary	pursuant	to	or	in accordance	with	that	subsidiary	legislation.

## General:

The	Company	shall	be	entitled	to	reject	the	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	a	proxy	if	it	is	incomplete,	improperly	completed or	illegible,	or	where	the	true	intentions	of	the	appointor	are	not	ascertainable	from	the	instructions	of	the	appointor	specified	in	the	instrument appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	the	proxy.	In	addition,	in	the	case	of	Shares	entered	in	the	Depository	Register,	the	Company	may	reject any	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	the	proxy	lodged	if	the	member,	being	the	appointor,	is	not	shown	to	have	Shares	entered against	his	name	in	the	Depository	Register	as	at	72	hours	before	the	time	appointed	for	holding	the	AGM,	as	certified	by	The	Central	Depository (Pte)	Limited	to	the	Company.

## PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION

By	attending	the	AGM	and/or	any	adjournment	thereof	or	submitting	an	instrument	appointing	the	Chairman	of	the	AGM	as	a	proxy,	the	member accepts	and	agrees	to	the	personal	data	privacy	terms	set	out	in	the	Notice	of	AGM	dated	13	July	2022.

<!-- image -->

18 Jalan Besut, Singapore 619571 Tel.: (65) 6266 5978  Fax: (65) 6262 4286

www.chasen.com.sg