<!-- image -->

2022 Annual Report

## SAFETY AND EDI MOMENTS REINFORCE PRIORITIES

Safety and equity, diversity and inclusion (EDI) are important aspects of our Company's culture. When we work safely, and we engage our employees in all aspects of our business, we all succeed. One way we continue to reinforce our safety and EDI priorities is by including both a safety and EDI moment at the start of group gatherings. Here are two examples:

## SAFETY MOMENT 1

In 2022, we established a department dedicated to reducing third-party damage to our pipeline systems, one of the leading causes of pipeline leaks. We educate customers, public officials and excavators about the importance of damage prevention, and those messages are reinforced through training and communication with 811 excavators, facility locating technicians and others. Damage prevention coordinators play an important role in providing team member support to ensure Companywide consistency of locate responses, third-party damage documentation and damage investigation assistance.

<!-- image -->

A cornerstone of our EDI culture, the Company supports voluntary, employee-led employee resource groups (ERGs) as a way for employees to engage with peers while fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. In 2022, two new ERGs were added, bringing the total number of active groups to eight. Our newest ERGs are DiverseAbilities, which fosters an environment where employees with disabilities or disabled family members are supported, and HOPE (Heartfelt, Open, Prayer, Encouraged), which provides encouragement for life's celebrations and challenges.

## Dear Fellow Shareholders,

In 2022, Chesapeake Utilities delivered another record year of earnings, providing energy that makes life better for the people and communities we serve. Our financial results again place us in the top performance quartile among our peer group. We also continued to advance safety, employee engagement, customer service and technology objectives: the important business transformation initiatives that will help us continue to serve a growing Mid-Atlantic and Southeast customer base.

While the customer demand for our traditional energy delivery businesses continues to drive significant growth, we recognize both the obligation and opportunity for Chesapeake Utilities to play a role in the transition to lower-carbon energy. We moved forward with several renewable natural gas (RNG) projects during the year, ranging from RNG transport by pipeline and Marlin Gas Services tankers, to the acquisition of Planet Found Energy Development LLC, a poultry waste biogas technology company. Thanks to a lot of hard work by a dedicated team, we had a great year, despite challenging economic conditions, unpredictable weather and a host of supply chain delays. We're proud of our enviable history of success and look forward to a long runway of future growth. We invite you to read more about our accomplishments and opportunities in this report.

In our 16th consecutive year of earnings growth, we persevered through both expected and unexpected challenges. We overcame millions of dollars in increased interest and inflation-related costs. We maneuvered through a number of capital project delays where in-service dates, and the margins associated with the projects, shifted to 2023. Our safety and employee engagement initiatives continued to advance at the same time we onboarded the largest number of new employees in the Company's history. Our business units managed operations and maintenance expenses, integrated several acquisitions and pursued an exacting regulatory agenda.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

|

## LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT

We met the challenges that 2022 presented and produced earnings of approximately $90M, or $5.04 per share, a 6.6% increase over 2021. And, for the 18th consecutive year, we generated a return on equity exceeding 11%. Our strong financial performance has allowed us to pay dividends for 62 consecutive years, and in 2022, we increased our annualized dividend by 11.5%.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The customer demand for energy services, especially natural gas, continues in all our service areas. For several years, customer additions in our regulated utilities have far exceeded national averages and show little sign of

5% increase in natural gas residential customers decreasing. We are fortunate to serve many rural areas and small towns where substantial population migration is driving housing starts and commercial development. In fact, virtually all of the delayed capital projects I mentioned previously are the result of increased demand for natural gas service in these growing areas. They represent approximately $40M in capital investment. Shifting these delayed projects to 2023 could help propel a near-record level of capital investment this year.

Our commitment to identify prudent investments in renewable energy also continued in 2022 with capital outlays in RNG pipelines, RNG transport by Marlin Gas Services, the acquisition of a poultry waste technology company and execution of an agreement to build a dairy waste RNG facility in Florida.

I'm pleased that we continue to drive substantial investment growth while producing equity returns that consistently rank among industry leaders in a company where approximately 80% of our total assets are regulated. In many ways, 2022 was the type of year Chesapeake Utilities shareholders have come to expect.

Over the past decades, you've seen us invest wisely and manage our businesses carefully to consistently deliver top-quartile performance regardless of the economic landscape, market environment or operational challenges we might encounter. I think that's a validation of two things.

First, we have great employees. You simply cannot achieve the long history of Chesapeake Utilities' success without engaged people focused on delivering service to customers and finding creative ways to grow the business. Second, we have an effective long-term growth strategy that dates back to 2004. It's not complicated: optimize earnings in our stable, regulated energy delivery businesses, and invest in related non-regulated businesses that provide opportunities to achieve consolidated returns above regulated limits. It's easy to say and a little more complicated to pull off. We've now done it for 18 years in a row.

Our growth hasn't been luck; it's been intentional. Fourteen years ago, Chesapeake Utilities was a $215M market capitalization company. As I write this letter, we are hovering around $2.2B.

Our asset growth has followed the same trajectory. Without doubt, we have been the beneficiaries of our geography. We operate in service territories where populations have grown and continue to grow, and customers want the energy delivery services we provide. But, we have also been deliberate about putting our Company in a position to invest in system and service expansions to serve that population growth. Our natural gas businesses have converted hundreds of customers previously using high-carbon emission fuels such as coal, oil and wood chips. And, we have been disciplined: not growth just to get bigger, but prudent growth that serves customers, promotes community economic development, reduces local communities' carbon footprints and provides a return to shareholders.

We are evaluating renewable investment opportunities utilizing the same disciplined approach to assessing strategic fit and economic viability as we would any of our traditional project investments. We look for opportunities to leverage our natural gas pipeline infrastructure and compressed natural gas tanker assets to provide a pathway to market for RNG.

<!-- image -->

Perhaps less obvious than the results we are reporting for 2022 are the significant steps we took to support future growth over many years to come. Here are a few examples. We have a robust Board-level strategic planning process that consistently looks forward at least five years. Our Business Development teams are highly focused on identifying opportunities that align with our strategic objectives. In 2022, we added several potential projects to our development funnel that could materialize over the next several years. We've also continued to focus on margins. In 2022, our businesses achieved a record year of adjusted gross margin growth, generating an incremental $37M in 2022 compared to 2021 - our second year in a row to register adjusted gross margin growth of more than $30M. The significant margin growth trend is expected to continue in 2023 as new rates from our Florida natural gas rate case are implemented. The case resulted in approximately $17M of annualized margin adjustment. Our cost management efforts have been successful in getting a healthy percentage of our incremental margins to the bottom line.

## We've doubled the size of our company three times since 2008.

Our strategic plan has us on a path to achieve significant growth over the next few years. While such growth is never a certainty, what is certain is that no growth plan is achievable without an engaged, diverse and talented workforce focused on continuously evolving and improving our business practices. We also benefit from an experienced and diverse Board of Directors.

<!-- image -->

The Board has played an essential role in setting the strategic objectives that have propelled our successful, historic performance and are guiding our future growth.

Our Board's insight, award-winning governance practices, input on the strategic plan and direction have proven essential to our continued success. After the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in May of 2023, the following directors will no longer be serving on the Board. John Schimkaitis retired as the CEO of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation in 2010. He joined the Board in 1996, and has served as our Board Chair for almost eight years. He also served as Vice Chair of the Board from 2010 to 2015. Dianna Morgan joined our Board in 2008 and has chaired our Compensation Committee for almost seven years. Calvert Morgan, Jr. joined the Board in 2000 and has served as the Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee since 2006. The contributions of these directors to our Company are immeasurable. We will miss their wisdom and counsel. We wish them well.

I'm excited by the prospects for future investment to serve customer demand in our traditional energy delivery businesses, as well as the many opportunities to help lead the transition to a lower-carbon energy market. We are well positioned for continued success. Thank you for your interest in Chesapeake Utilities. It's a privilege to serve our shareholders.

<!-- image -->

Sincerely,

Jeff Householder President and Chief Executive Officer

## RECOGNIZED FOR EXCELLENCE IN CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

JEFF HOUSEHOLDER DISCUSSES OUR CULTURE AND VALUES AFTER THE COMPANY WAS NAMED BEST FOR CORPORATE GOVERNANCE IN THE U.S. BY WORLD NEWS MEDIA LTD.'S WORLD FINANCE PUBLICATION.

## Financial Highlights

| 2022  2021  2022/2021  % CHANGE  2020  2021/2020  % CHANGE  ADJUSTED GROSS MARGIN*  $  420,198  $  383,017  10%  $  350,260  9%  OPERATING INCOME FROM  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  $  142,933  $  1 31,112  9%  $  1 1 2 ,723  16%  INCOME FROM  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  $  89,796  $  83,467  8%  $  70,642  18%  NET INCOME  $  89,796  $  83,466  8%  $  71,498  17%  DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE  From Continuing Operations  $  5.04  $  4.73  7%  $  4.21  12%  Consolidated  $  5.04  $  4.73  7%  $  4.26  11%  ANNUALIZED DIVIDENDS PER SHARE  $  2.14  $  1.92  11%  $  1.76  9%  TOTAL ASSETS  $  2,215,037  $  2,114,869  5%  $  1,932,487  9%  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  $  832,801  $  774,130  8%  $  697,085  11%  OTHER  EMPLOYEES AT YEAR-END  1,034  1,007  3%  947  6%  SHARES OUTSTANDING AT YEAR-END  17,741,418  17,655,410  0%  17,461,841  1%  AVERAGE DISTRIBUTION CUSTOMERS  309,915  287,314  8%  277,580  4%  Dollars in thousands,  except per share data.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Adjusted Gross Margin is a non-GAAP measure. A reconciliation from GAAP Gross Margin to Adjusted Gross Margin is included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## AVERAGE ANNUAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN

<!-- image -->

|

<!-- image -->

## DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

<!-- image -->

## AVERAGE RETURN ON EQUITY FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

<!-- image -->

## 5-YEAR CAPITAL EXPENDITURES BY BUSINESS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ANNUALIZED DIVIDENDS PER SHARE

<!-- image -->

## 2022 AT A GLANCE

9.7% growth in adjusted gross margin

7.6% growth in net income

16th consecutive year of earnings per share growth*

11.1% return on equity, marking the 18th consecutive year with an ROE above 11%

$141M invested in capital projects, with more than $1.05B invested over the last 5 years

$2.2B in total assets at year-end

11.5% increase in the annual dividend rate, marking the 19th consecutive year increasing the dividend

51% equity as a percentage of total capitalization at year-end

11.5% or more annualized total shareholder return over the last 3-, 5- and 10-year periods

* Excludes TCJA impact in 2017

## Organizational Imperatives

Chesapeake Utilities identified five organizational imperatives, a set of priority areas, that we focus on to succeed:

<!-- image -->

## SAFETY TEAM SERVICE IMPROVE GROW 1 2 3 4 5

They are in the order we find most important: Safety first, always. Take care of our employees, our Team ; nothing happens without great employees. Provide excellent Service to customers and the communities where we live and work. Improve , every day, get a little better at what we do. And, finally, if you want to Grow , you must take care of the first four imperatives.

<!-- image -->

|

<!-- image -->

WE CARE. PUT PEOPLE FIRST. KEEP THEM SAFE.

KEEPING OUR COMMUNITIES SAFE, WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA

## ORGANIZATIONAL IMPERATIVES

## SAFETY

Protecting people, safeguarding our communities and securing our assets are at the heart of our operating culture, and we are committed to putting employee, customer and community safety at the forefront of everything we do. This philosophy aligns with one of our core values:

## 'We care. Put people first. Keep them safe.'

Over the years, we have received a number of industry safety awards, and our operating units have built a solid historical safety performance record. Participating in an industry peer group helped us assess our operational safety culture and capabilities, and an external safety management group helped us better understand our processes and safety-related organizational structure. Our leadership team committed to devoting the time and resources required to refine traditional operating practices, provide enhanced training and embrace a safety-centric culture.

Staking out an industry-leading safety position requires an intentional implementation of processes that fundamentally change operating practices and how we think about performing work. One of the key elements of our safety culture is empowering all employees to stop a job or process if there are safety concerns, even if doing so could lead to delays and cost increases. Supporting safe operations is the priority in a culture where safety drives every decision.

We are implementing a framework of data-driven policies, practices and training that communicates intentions and provides tangible safety-related tools that help reinforce our safety culture and best practices. Here are a few examples of our efforts in 2022.

At the Board of Directors' level, we expanded our enterprise risk management (ERM) process. Leveraging the Board's interest in identifying and mitigating enterprise risk as a launching point, we increased the sophistication of our top-down, bottom-up quarterly assessments, providing better riskrelated data and expanding the focus on risk mitigation planning.

To better support the development of coordinated risk, health and safety initiatives across the enterprise, we formed a new organizational unit at the officer level. The Risk, Health and Safety Team is focused on establishing an enterprise safety

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

program based on the ANSI/API Recommended Practice 1173 (an industry-standard protocol for developing a safety management system). One of the central features of leading safety programs is collecting and analyzing incident, near-miss and other data that drive decisionmaking; a new safety data management system to help us do that will go live in 2023. The centralized collection of risk and safety data from across the Company will enable focused tactics to identify and mitigate risks and hazards, prioritize training, adjust traditional processes, select equipment and take other actions to improve safety.

We also adjusted the safety organizational structure in our operational units, moving away from individual unit silos and toward standardized, enterprisewide practices. An Executive Safety Team was formed, and safety accountability measures were added to the leadership team's performance goals. We started reporting and tracking near-miss events in 2022, and our Executive Safety Committee now reviews near-miss circumstances and safety incidents.

A consolidated Enterprise Safety Handbook, completed in 2022, will form the basis for future enterprise safety program training and establishes a safety governance model and framework designed to move the Company toward an integrated risk assessment/ mitigation and continuous improvement orientation.

We continued to advance our gas operational safety training with hands-on learning and skills development opportunities at our Dover, Delaware, Safety Town facility. A second Safety Town will be constructed in DeBary, Florida, in 2023.

In our ongoing work to keep our pipeline system safe, we established an organizational unit dedicated to reducing and preventing third-party damage to our pipeline systems and are subsequently working with local contractors and customers to significantly reduce the number of pipeline breaks. We're also exploring the possibility of utilizing satellites and spectral imaging technology to identify methane leaks in natural gas systems. The technology may provide opportunities to more quickly identify and repair even small leaks at a meter site. Both the damage prevention and enhanced leak detection initiatives improve system safety and offer substantive contributions to achieving emissions reductions objectives.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ORGANIZATIONAL IMPERATIVES

## TEAM

It's always been clear that our long-term success is highly dependent on the engagement, skills and entrepreneurial spirit of Chesapeake Utilities' employees. We have increased our efforts over the past couple of years to ensure that we can attract, develop and retain talent. With safety taking priority, outlined below are a few significant additional steps we are taking to sustain the empowered, creative team that will live our values and achieve our vision.

<!-- image -->

## CHESAPEAKE SPEAKS

In 2021 we retained a global analytics firm to help guide our employee engagement initiative. One of the principal objectives was to make sure we were really listening to what employees were saying. Our 2022 Chesapeake Speaks survey, team meetings and focus groups helped us identify ways to better meet the expectations of employees who understand the importance of what we do every day. Providing safe, reliable energy to the communities we serve is meaningful and purposeful work. We've increased our efforts to connect each of our team members with the Company's long-term strategic objectives and our transition to a lower-carbon society. We activated a new learning management system to provide increased employee skills development and training, and a new employee recognition process is being implemented to provide a more consistent approach to acknowledge efforts of our team members.

<!-- image -->

As we have returned to something approaching 'normal' operations, many of our team members continue to work a remote or hybrid schedule. During the pandemic, we substantially upgraded our communications platforms to support remote work and ensured that each team member had the technology and tools necessary to connect. An internal employee news site, 'CPK Momentum,' was introduced to share information about programs, projects and topics of employee interest. Our monthly CEO town hall meetings, launched during the pandemic, have become a permanent part of our communication plan.

|

<!-- image -->

We resumed in-person business update meetings, not only to share operational and strategic information, but also to strengthen our culture, develop relationships and exchange ideas.

Our work to expand employee engagement activities also provided opportunities to accelerate the Company's ongoing equity, diversity and inclusion (EDI) initiatives. We created an officer-level EDI position to expand our focus on related policy implementation, training, communications and program development. There are now eight ERGs active in the Company, with membership based on similar interests or diversity aspects. These groups provide opportunities for personal and professional development, networking and service.

<!-- image -->

We have revised our recruiting and candidate interview process leading to a significant increase in diverse applicants, because we know that a culture of caring, inclusion and equity is central to attracting and retaining talented employees. The Board and management team are committed to overseeing and supporting a diverse employee environment where every team member feels included and has the opportunity to succeed.

34% OF OUR MANAGERS ARE WOMEN, AND 23% OF OUR EMPLOYEES ARE ETHNICALLY OR RACIALLY DIVERSE.

CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES LEADERS AT FLORIDA PUBLIC UTILITIES HEADQUARTERS, YULEE, FLORIDA

## ORGANIZATIONAL IMPERATIVES

## SERVICE

Our mission statement says it best:

'We deliver energy that makes life better for the people and communities we serve.'

Serving customers and supporting the places where our customers and our employees live and work is central to what we do. As energy markets evolve and the economy continues to change, focusing on reliable, affordable service has never been more important.

Over the past several years, we have been working hard to ensure the long-term reliability of our energy delivery systems. Continued customer growth, extreme weather and updated infrastructure have guided our investments and process improvements. The addition of several thousand natural gas distribution customers on the Delmarva Peninsula, for example, has necessitated compressor additions and facility looping on our upstream Eastern Shore Natural Gas (ESNG) transmission system to meet both growing baseload and seasonal peak demand requirements. Our system investments on the Delmarva Peninsula and in Florida and Ohio are meeting the increasing demand and ensuring reliable service even during periods of extreme cold.

In 2022, we completed a 10-year program, investing more than $200M to replace all the bare steel pipe in our Florida distribution systems. We have planned additional facility reliability/safety investments for ESNG, Elkton Gas and Aspire Energy of Ohio and recently filed for a second phase of facility upgrades in Florida in 2023. Our Marlin Gas Services compressed natural gas (CNG) transport business is a proven temporary virtual pipeline solution to ensure critical service continuity for customers on transmission or distribution systems. We are also investing in hardening our electric systems to minimize recovery time for customers after major storms.

353 mile program in Florida to replace all bare steel pipe Completed a

<!-- image -->

|

<!-- image -->

To deliver the technology-centric, increasingly self-service experience that many customers expect, we are upgrading our customer information and billing systems (CIS). For propane customers, we installed a new version of our billing and delivery routing and telephone systems; and expanded digital capabilities on the customer portal will be completed this year. For our regulated utility Customer Care unit, a new telephone system is in place, and we have contracted for a complete replacement of our two legacy regulated utility CIS platforms in the Delmarva and Florida regions. Over the next few years, we will also implement a new work order management and dispatch system.

These technology upgrades will significantly expand our ability to meet customer expectations and improve our internal operational efficiency. We have authorization in each of our three state-regulated jurisdictions to either capitalize or defer non-capital technology costs to the next rate case proceeding.

As the energy industry continues to evolve, we believe those companies focused on delivering great customer service will be in the best position to thrive and succeed. Keeping technology up to date is critical, but it's people - our employees - who make the real difference in serving customers and meeting their expectations for many years to come. We're expanding our call centers; providing an elevated training program for front-line customer service representatives; and simplifying policies and processes, both in the office and in the field.

We're also expanding the services we provide to our shareholders and investors. It's important that investors and other stakeholders hear our story and have timely access to Company information, such as that found in our Sustainability Report. The report outlined and

<!-- image -->

quantified our numerous ongoing environmental, safety, employee engagement and community service initiatives. Our Company has a long, award-winning corporate governance history, providing transparency that earns shareholder trust. We continued that legacy in 2022 when we were recognized by World News Media Ltd. as Best in Corporate Governance in the U.S.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ORGANIZATIONAL IMPERATIVES

## IMPROVE

Get better every day. It's a simple objective, but one we take seriously. A few years ago, we started thinking about the ways our operational and corporate support processes would need to evolve to meet the requirements of a rapidly growing business. Many of the safety, technology and customer service enhancements already mentioned in this report are a direct result of those discussions. Across the Company, our teams are systematically working to ensure that 'the way we do business' supports a larger and more organizationally complex enterprise.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

We are following a straightforward approach to continuous operational improvement focused on: standardization, collaboration, automation and simplification.

## The fundamentals matter.

- J We've reorganized our business units to reduce operating silos, improve collaboration across units and look for opportunities to standardize everything from how we build service interconnects to the way we evaluate employee performance.
- J We expect to make $900M to $1.1B in capital investments from 2021 through 2025.
- J We pulled our natural gas engineering and facility construction teams together in one unit and significantly increased our project management capabilities.
- J Our business information system teams have systematically increased the Company's cybersecurity defenses, network reliability and internal communications capabilities.
- J Our accounting and legal teams have worked to understand the contractual structures, tax implications and accounting treatments associated with transactions, such as renewable energy projects, that are new to the Company.

There are numerous other examples of our efforts to get the fundamentals right and ensure we continue to achieve our long history of growth and success.

STANDARDIZATION. COLLABORATION. AUTOMATION. SIMPLIFICATION.

CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENTS, DOVER, DELAWARE

## ORGANIZATIONAL IMPERATIVES

## GROW

In 2018, Chesapeake Utilities released its first guidance outlook to investors with a projection of capital investment and earnings per share (EPS) for the five-year period ending in 2022. Both our initial five-year capital investment and EPS projections would have placed us in the upper quartile of our peer group for capital spending compared to total capitalization and earnings growth. However, by the end of 2019, it was clear that we would likely exceed the 2022 EPS target. We provided an updated 2022 guidance range, and the capital guidance remained unchanged.

In 2021, we recognized that we would reach the low end of our five-year capital guidance range a year early and, as a result, established an updated five-year projection for the years 2021-2025. Capital investment was again set at $750M to $1B for the new period and EPS was projected between $6.05 to $6.25 for 2025.

Our 2022 results place us well down the path toward the 2025 guidance targets. Capital investment for 2021 and 2022 totaled $369M, and it appears we could have another strong investment year in 2023. Over the initial guidance period, 2017-2022, we invested $1.1B. Our $5.04 (diluted) EPS result for 2022 represents an 11.75% annual growth rate from our 2017 EPS. Given our performance in 2021 and 2022, along with our positive outlook over the next few years, we raised our capital investment guidance to $900M to $1.1B for the 2021 to 2025 period and our long-term EPS guidance to $6.15 to $6.35 for 2025.

One of the reasons for our strong historical growth is the population increase in our Delmarva and Florida service territories. Our utility customer additions have consistently ranked well above (more than double) national average growth rates. And they continue to climb.

We added over 8,400 new natural gas residential customers in 2022, a 5% increase over 2021.

The growth in utility customers is driving distribution system investments, but also investments in upstream infrastructure on our transmission systems to ensure sufficient capacity is available to meet customer demand. We continued investment in pipeline replacements and facility upgrades on all of our systems, with additional capital investments scheduled over the next several years.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Our propane business continued its growth through organic additions and acquisitions, adding over 20,000 new propane accounts during the year. Marlin Gas Services had a record margin year transporting CNG and RNG.

Aspire Energy of Ohio completed new interconnect points with producers to transport natural gas to local distributors. Our electric systems in Florida added customers and established the regulatory plan to invest in storm-hardening projects, which allows for immediate cost recovery.

We also continued to move forward with our renewable energy investment strategy. In 2021, Aspire Energy of Ohio constructed a 33-mile pipeline that transports RNG from an Ohio landfill to our gathering system. We constructed a CNG/RNG interconnection receipt point on our Peninsula Pipeline Company transmission system in Nassau County, Florida, that provides a path to market for renewable gas producers and enables us to utilize RNG at our Eight Flags Combined Heat and Power (CHP) plant on Amelia Island, Florida. Marlin Gas Services used the new receipt point to deliver almost 1,000 trailer loads of RNG from a landfill to our transmission system. We acquired a poultry waste biogas technology company, Planet Found, to provide in-house facility design and operations expertise. The acquisition enhances our opportunity to continue development of RNG production facilities in our service territories. We also executed an agreement in north central Florida that will allow us to construct, own and operate a dairy waste RNG facility. Finally, we continue to advance our sustainable energy investments in hydrogen fuel blending at our Eight Flags facility. After our pilot test in early 2022 and turbine upgrade, we are planning a second phase hydrogen test in 2023.

Chesapeake Utilities has a long history of identifying and executing opportunities to prudently invest capital. We have a strategic approach to capital deployment, including an eyes-wide-open view of project risk. Growing customer demand will continue to drive significant investment in our traditional businesses. There are exciting opportunities to leverage our existing energy delivery assets to support the transition to a lower-carbon future. We also look forward to the growth potential associated with the emerging market for renewable and sustainable energy. Our Company is well positioned to play a leading role in delivering reliable, affordable energy for generations to come.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Board of Directors

## AS OF MARCH 9, 2023

The Board of Directors of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation provides guidance and insight for the entire Company, leveraging their diverse experiences and leadership expertise to strengthen our business and long-term strategic focus.

JOHN R. SCHIMKAITIS* Chair of the Board Investment Committee Member

<!-- image -->

RONALD G. FORSYTHE, JR. Audit Committee Member and Compensation Committee Member

<!-- image -->

|

<!-- image -->

LISA G. BISACCIA Compensation Committee Member

<!-- image -->

STEPHANIE N. GARY Audit Committee Member

<!-- image -->

THOMAS J. BRESNAN Audit Committee Chair and Investment Committee Member

<!-- image -->

THOMAS P. HILL, JR. Audit Committee Member and Investment Committee Member

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

JEFF HOUSEHOLDER President and CEO Chesapeake Utilities Corporation Investment Committee Chair

<!-- image -->

PAUL L. MADDOCK, JR. Compensation Committee Member and Corporate Governance Committee Member

<!-- image -->

DIANNA F. MORGAN* Compensation Committee Chair and Corporate Governance Committee Member

<!-- image -->

DENNIS S. HUDSON, III Audit Committee Member and Corporate Governance Committee Member

<!-- image -->

CALVERT A. MORGAN, JR.* Corporate Governance Committee Chair, Compensation Committee Member and Investment Committee Member

SHEREE M. PETRONE Compensation Committee Member and Investment Committee Member

<!-- image -->

LILA A. JABER Corporate Governance Committee Member and Investment Committee Member

<!-- image -->

* The following directors, each of whom has contributed significantly to the growth of our Company, will end their service on the Board in May of 2023 after the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

John R. Schimkaitis, 27 years of service** Chair, Board of Directors, 2015-2023; Vice Chair, Board of Directors, 2010-2015; member, Investment Committee, 2016-2023

## Calvert A. Morgan, Jr., 23 years of service**

Chair, Corporate Governance Committee, 2006-2023; member, Compensation Committee, 2000-2023; member, Corporate Governance Committee, 2003-2023; member, Investment Committee, 2016-2023

## Dianna F. Morgan, 14 years of service**

Chair, Compensation Committee, 2016-2023; member, Compensation Committee, 2008-2023; member, Corporate Governance Committee, 2019-2023

- **Based on service through May 2023.

|

<!-- image -->

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended: December 31, 2022

□ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number: 001-11590

## CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

State of Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

51-0064146 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

500 Energy Lane, Dover, Delaware 19901 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

302-734-6799

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock-par value per share $0.4867

CPK

New York Stock Exchange, Inc.

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes ☒

No □

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes □

No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No □

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No □

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of ''large accelerated filer,'' ''accelerated filer,'' ''smaller reporting company,'' and ''emerging growth company'' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☒

Accelerated filer □

Non-accelerated filer □

Smaller reporting company □

Emerging growth company □

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. □

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. □

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). □

Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes □

No ☒

The aggregate market value of the common shares held by non-affiliates of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the last sale price on that date, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately $2.2 billion.

The number of shares of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's common stock outstanding as of February 17, 2023 was 17,741,418.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Chesapeake Utilities Corporation Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Part II and Part III hereof.

## CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES CORPORATION

## FORM 10-K

## YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 202 2

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Page  Part I  1  Item 1. Business  3  Item 1A. Risk Factors  15  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  22  Item 2. Properties  23  Item 3. Legal Proceedings  23  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  23  Part II  24  Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer  Purchases of Equity Securities  24  Item 6. Selected Financial Data  26  Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  26  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  49  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  51  Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  101  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  101  Item 9B. Other Information  102  Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection  102  Part III  102  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance  102  Item 11. Executive Compensation  102  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related  Stockholder Matters  102  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  102  Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  102  Part IV  10  3  Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  103  Item 16. Form 10-K Summary  108  Signatures  108   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GLOSSARY OF DEFINITIONS

ASC: Accounting Standards Codification issued by the FASB

Adjusted  Gross  Margin: a  non-GAAP  measure  calculated  by  deducting  the  purchased  cost  of  natural  gas,  propane  and electricity  and  the  cost  of  labor  spent  on  direct  revenue-producing  activities  from  operating  revenues.  The  costs  included  in Adjusted  Gross  Margin  exclude  depreciation  and  amortization  and  certain  costs  presented  in  operations  and  maintenance expenses in accordance with regulatory requirements

Aspire Energy: Aspire Energy of Ohio, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities

Aspire Energy Express : Aspire Energy Express, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities

ASU:

Accounting Standards Update issued by the FASB

ATM : At-the-market

CARES Act: Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act

CDC:

U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention

CDD: Cooling Degree-Day

CFG: Central Florida Gas Company, a division of Chesapeake Utilities

Chesapeake or Chesapeake Utilities: Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, its divisions and subsidiaries, as appropriate in the context of the disclosure

CHP: Combined Heat and Power Plant

Company: Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, its divisions and subsidiaries, as appropriate in the context of the disclosure

COVID-19: An infectious disease caused by a coronavirus

CNG: Compressed natural gas

Davenport Energy:

An entity from whom we acquired certain propane operating assets in North Carolina.

Degree-day: Measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature (from 10:00 am to 10:00 am) falls above (CDD) or below (HDD) 65 degrees Fahrenheit

Delmarva Peninsula: A peninsula on the east coast of the U.S. occupied by Delaware and portions of Maryland and Virginia

Diversified Energy: Diversified Energy Company an entity from whom we acquired certain propane operating assets in North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and Pennsylvania

DRIP: Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan

Dt(s): Dekatherm(s), which is a natural gas unit of measurement that includes a standard measure for heating value

Dts/d: Dekatherms per day

Eastern Shore: Eastern Shore Natural Gas Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities

Eight Flags: Eight Flags Energy, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities

Elkton Gas : Elkton Gas Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities

Escambia Meter Station: A natural gas metering station owned by Peninsula Pipeline Company located in Escambia County, Florida

ESG: Environmental, Social and Governance

FASB: Financial Accounting Standards Board

FERC: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission

FGT: Florida Gas Transmission Company

Florida  OPC :  The  Office  of  Public  Counsel,  an  agency  established  by  the  Florida  legislature  who  advocates  on  behalf  of Florida's utility consumers prior to actions or rule changes

FPU: Florida Public Utilities Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities

GAAP: Generally Accepted Accounting Principles

Guernsey Power Station: Guernsey Power Station, LLC, a partner with Aspire Energy Express in the construction of a power generation facility in Ohio

GRIP: Gas Reliability Infrastructure Program

Gross Margin: a term under U.S. GAAP which is the excess of sales over costs of goods sold

Gulfstream: Gulfstream Natural Gas System, LLC, an unaffiliated pipeline network that supplies natural gas to FPU

HDD: Heating Degree-Day

LNG: Liquefied Natural Gas

Marlin Gas Services: Marlin Gas Services, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities

MetLife: MetLife  Investment  Advisors,  an  institutional  debt  investment  management  firm,  with  which  we  have  previously issued Senior Notes and which is a party to the current MetLife Shelf Agreement, as amended

MGP: Manufactured  gas  plant,  which  is  a  site  where  coal  was  previously  used  to  manufacture  gaseous  fuel  for  industrial, commercial and residential use

MW: Megawatt, which is a unit of measurement for electric power or capacity

NOL: Net operating losses

Peninsula Pipeline: Peninsula Pipeline Company, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities

Peoples Gas: Peoples Gas System, an Emera Incorporated subsidiary

Prudential: Prudential  Investment  Management  Inc.,  an  institutional  investment  management  firm,  with  which  we  have previously issued Senior Notes and which is a party to the current Prudential Shelf Agreement, as amended

PSC: Public  Service  Commission,  which  is  the  state  agency  that  regulates  utility  rates  and/or  services  in  certain  of  our jurisdictions

Revolver: Our $400.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility with certain lenders

RNG: Renewable natural gas

Sandpiper Energy: Sandpiper Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities

SEC: Securities and Exchange Commission

Senior Notes : Our unsecured long-term debt issued primarily to insurance companies on various dates

Sharp: Sharp Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Utilities

Shelf  Agreement: An  agreement  entered  into  by  Chesapeake  Utilities  and  a  counterparty  pursuant  to  which  Chesapeake Utilities may request that the counterparty purchase our unsecured senior debt with a fixed interest rate and a maturity date not to exceed 20 years from the date of issuance

Shelf Notes: Unsecured senior promissory notes issuable under the Shelf Agreement executed with various counterparties

SICP: 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan

SOFR: Secured Overnight Financing Rate, a secured interbank overnight interest rate established as an alternative to LIBOR

TCJA:

Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted on December 22, 2017

TETLP:

Texas Eastern Transmission, LP, an interstate pipeline interconnected with Eastern Shore's pipeline

Transco

: Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC

Uncollateralized Senior Notes:

Our unsecured long-term debt issued primarily to insurance companies on various dates

U.S.: The United States of America

## PART I

References in this document to 'Chesapeake,' 'Chesapeake Utilities,' the 'Company,' 'we,' 'us' and 'our' mean Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, its divisions and/or its subsidiaries, as appropriate in the context of the disclosure.

## Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements

We make statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Annual Report") that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Such statements are 'forward-looking statements' within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,  as  amended,  Section  21E  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  and  the  Private  Securities  Litigation Reform  Act  of  1995.  One  can  typically  identify  forward-looking  statements  by  the  use  of  forward-looking  words,  such  as 'project,'  'believe,'  'expect,'  'anticipate,'  'intend,'  'plan,'  'estimate,'  'continue,'  'potential,'  'forecast'  or  other  similar words,  or  future  or  conditional  verbs  such  as  'may,'  'will,'  'should,'  'would'  or  'could.'  These  statements  represent  our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future financial performance, business strategy, projected plans and objectives of the Company. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made or as of the date indicated and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties. In addition to the risk factors described under Item 1A, Risk Factors ,  the  following important factors, among others, could cause actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements:

- state and federal legislative and regulatory initiatives that affect cost and investment recovery, have an impact on rate structures, and affect the speed and the degree to which competition enters the electric and natural gas industries;
- the  outcomes  of  regulatory,  environmental  and  legal  matters,  including  whether  pending  matters  are  resolved  within current estimates and whether the related costs are adequately covered by insurance or recoverable in rates;
- the  impact  of  climate  change,  including  the  impact  of  greenhouse  gas  emissions  or  other  legislation  or  regulations intended to address climate change;
- the impact of significant changes to current tax regulations and rates;
- the timing of certification authorizations associated with new capital projects and the ability to construct facilities at or below estimated costs, and within estimated timeframes;
- changes  in  environmental  and  other  laws  and  regulations  to  which  we  are  subject  and  environmental  conditions  of property that we now, or may in the future, own or operate;
- possible increased federal, state and local regulation of the safety of our operations;
- the inherent hazards and risks involved in transporting and distributing natural gas, electricity and propane;
- the  economy  in  our  service  territories  or  markets,  the  nation,  and  worldwide,  including  the  impact  of  economic conditions (which we do not control) on demand for natural gas, electricity, propane or other fuels;
- risks  related  to  cyber-attacks  or  cyber-terrorism  that  could  disrupt  our  business  operations  or  result  in  failure  of information  technology  systems  or  result  in  the  loss  or  exposure  of  confidential  or  sensitive  customer,  employee  or Company information;
- adverse weather conditions, including the effects of hurricanes, ice storms and other damaging weather events;
- customers' preferred energy sources;
- industrial, commercial and residential growth or contraction in our markets or service territories;
- the effect of competition on our businesses from other energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy;
- the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices and interest rates;
- the effect of spot, forward and future market prices on our various energy businesses;
- the extent of our success in connecting natural gas and electric supplies to our transmission systems, establishing and maintaining key supply sources, and expanding natural gas and electric markets;
- the creditworthiness of counterparties with which we are engaged in transactions;
- the capital-intensive nature of our regulated energy businesses;
- our  ability  to  access  the  credit  and  capital  markets  to  execute  our  business  strategy,  including  our  ability  to  obtain financing on favorable terms, which can be affected by various factors, including credit ratings and general economic conditions;
- the ability to successfully execute, manage and integrate a merger, acquisition or divestiture of assets or businesses and the related regulatory or other conditions associated with the merger, acquisition or divestiture;
- the impact on our costs and funding obligations, under our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, of potential downturns in the financial markets, lower discount rates, and costs associated with health care legislation and regulation;
- the ability to continue to hire, train and retain appropriately qualified personnel;
- the  availability  of,  and  competition  for,  qualified  personnel  supporting  our  natural  gas,  electricity  and  propane businesses;
- the effect of accounting pronouncements issued periodically by accounting standard-setting bodies; and

- the impacts associated with a pandemic, including the duration and scope of the pandemic the corresponding impact on our  supply  chains,  our  personnel,  our  contract  counterparties,  general  economic  conditions  and  growth,  the  financial markets and any costs to comply with governmental mandates.

## ITEM 1. Business.

## Corporate Overview and Strategy

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation is a Delaware corporation formed in 1947 with operations primarily in the Mid-Atlantic region, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida and Ohio. We are an energy delivery company engaged in the distribution of natural gas, electricity and propane; the transmission of natural gas; the generation of electricity and steam, and in providing related  services  to  our  customers.  Our  strategy  is  focused  on  growing  earnings  from  a  stable  regulated  energy  delivery foundation  and  investing  in  related  businesses  and  services  that  provide  opportunities  for  returns  greater  than  traditional utility returns. We seek to identify and develop opportunities across the energy value chain, with emphasis on midstream and downstream investments that are accretive to earnings per share, consistent with our long-term growth strategy and create opportunities to continue our record of top tier returns on equity relative to our peer group. The Company's growth strategy includes  the  continued  investment  and  expansion  of  the  Company's  regulated  operations  that  provide  a  stable  base  of earnings,  as  well  as  investments  in  other  related  non-regulated  businesses  and  services  including  sustainable  energy initiatives. By investing in these related business and services, the Company creates opportunities to sustain its track record of higher returns, as compared to a traditional utility.

Currently, the Company's growth strategy is focused on the following platforms, including:

- Optimizing the earnings growth in our existing businesses, which includes organic growth, territory expansions, and new products and services as well as increased opportunities to transform the Company with a focus on people, process, technology and organizational structure.
- Identification  and  pursuit  of  additional  pipeline  expansions,  including  new  interstate  and  intrastate  transmission projects.
- Growth of Marlin Gas Services' CNG transport business and expansion into LNG and RNG transport services as well as methane capture.
- Identifying  and  undertaking  additional  strategic  propane  acquisitions  that  provide  a  larger  foundation  in  current markets and expand our brand and presence into new strategic growth markets.
- Pursuit of growth opportunities that enable us to utilize our integrated set of energy delivery businesses to participate in sustainable energy opportunities.

## Operating Segments

We conduct operations within two reportable segments: Regulated Energy and Unregulated Energy. The remainder of our operations is presented as 'Other businesses and eliminations." These segments are described below in detail.

## Regulated Energy

## Overview

Our regulated energy businesses are comprised of natural gas and electric distribution, as well as natural gas transmission services. The following table presents net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and total assets as of December 31, 2022, by operation and area served:

| Operations  Areas Served  Net Income  Total Assets  (in thousands)  Natural Gas Distribution  Delmarva Natural Gas  (1)  Delaware/Maryland  $  12,930  $  387,045  Florida Natural Gas  (2)  Florida  19,162  507,798  Natural Gas Transmission  Eastern Shore  Delaware/Maryland/  Pennsylvania  23,222  477,905  Peninsula Pipeline  Florida  10,372  142,702  Aspire Energy Express  Ohio  439  7,235  Electric Distribution  FPU  Florida  3,951  193,570  Total Regulated Energy  $  70,076  $  1,716,255   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Delmarva Natural Gas consists of Delaware division, Maryland division, Sandpiper Energy and Elkton Gas.

(2) Florida Natural Gas consists of Chesapeake Utilities CFG Division and FPU, and FPU's Ft. Meade and Indiantown divisions.

Revenues in the Regulated Energy segment are based on rates regulated by the PSC in the states in which we operate or, in the  case  of  Eastern  Shore,  which  is  an  interstate  business,  by  the  FERC.  The  rates  are  designed  to  generate  revenues  to recover  all  prudent  operating  and  financing  costs  and  provide  a  reasonable  return  for  our  stockholders.  Each  of  our distribution and transmission operations has a rate base, which generally consists of the original cost of the operation's plant (less accumulated depreciation), working capital and other assets. For Delmarva Natural Gas and Eastern Shore, rate base also includes deferred income tax liabilities and other additions or deductions. Our Regulated Energy operations in Florida do not include deferred income tax liabilities in their rate base.

Our natural gas and electric distribution operations bill customers at standard rates approved by their respective state PSC. Each state PSC allows us to negotiate rates, based on approved methodologies, for large customers that can switch to other fuels. Some of our customers in Maryland receive propane through underground distribution systems in Worcester County. We bill  these  customers  under  PSC-approved  rates  and  include  them  in  the  natural  gas  distribution  results  and  customer statistics.

Our natural gas and electric distribution operations earn profits on the delivery of natural gas or electricity to customers. The cost  of  natural  gas  or  electricity  that  we  deliver  is  passed  through  to  customers  under  PSC-approved  fuel  cost  recovery mechanisms. The mechanisms allow us to adjust our rates on an ongoing basis without filing a rate case to recover changes in the cost of the natural gas and electricity that we purchase for customers. Therefore, while our distribution operating revenues fluctuate  with  the  cost  of  natural  gas  or  electricity  we  purchase,  our  distribution  adjusted  gross  margin  is  generally  not impacted by fluctuations in the cost of natural gas or electricity.

Our natural gas transmission operations bill customers under rate schedules approved by the FERC or at rates negotiated with customers.

## Operational Highlights

The following table presents operating revenues, volumes and the average number of customers by customer class for our natural gas and electric distribution operations for the year ended December 31, 2022:

| Delmarva  Natural Gas  Distribution  Florida  Natural Gas  Distribution  (2)  FPU  Electric  Distribution  Operating Revenues  (in thousands)  Residential  $  83,373  60 %  $  46,824  30 %  $  38,954  48 %  Commercial  40,912  29 %  38,714  25 %  37,524  46 %  Industrial  12,171  9 %  59,704  38 %  2,586  3 %  Other  (1)  2,803  2 %  10,628  7 %  2,650  3 %  Total Operating Revenues  $  139,259  100 %  $  155,870  100 %  $  81,714  100 %  Volumes  (in Dts for natural gas/MW Hours for electric)  Residential  4,645,336  30 %  2,086,597  5 %  305,593  48 %  Commercial  4,167,454  27 %  6,453,918  15 %  304,816  48 %  Industrial  6,234,637  41 %  31,448,883  72 %  20,969  3 %  Other  307,397  2 %  3,418,788  8 %  5,978  1 %  Total Volumes  15,354,824  100 %  43,408,186  100 %  637,356  100 %  Average Number of Customers  (3)  Residential  92,694  92 %  85,074  91 %  25,516  78 %  Commercial  7,906  8 %  5,728  6 %  7,349  22 %  Industrial  215  &lt;1%  2,594  3 %  2  &lt;1%  Other  4  &lt;1%  6  &lt;1%  -  - %  Total Average Number of Customers  100,819  100 %  93,402  100 %  32,867  100 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Operating Revenues from "Other" sources include revenue, unbilled revenue, under (over) recoveries of fuel cost, conservation revenue, other miscellaneous charges, fees for billing services provided to third parties, and adjustments for pass-through taxes.

(2) Florida natural gas distribution includes Chesapeake Utilities' CFG division,, FPU and FPU's Indiantown and Fort Meade divisions.

(3) Average number of customers is based on the twelve-month average for the year ended December 31, 2022.

The following table presents operating revenues, by customer type, for Eastern Shore and Peninsula Pipeline for the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as contracted firm transportation capacity by customer type, and design day capacity at December 31,  2022.  Aspire  Energy  Express  has  been  excluded  from  the  table  below  and  had  operating  revenue  of  $1.4 million and firm transportation capacity of 300,000 Dts/d for the year ended December 31, 2022:

| Eastern Shore  Peninsula Pipeline  Operating Revenues  (in thousands)  Local distribution companies - affiliated  (1)  $  32,458  41 %  $  23,669  87 %  Local distribution companies - non-affiliated  22,943  29 %  840  3 %  Commercial and industrial - affiliated  -  - %  1,120  4 %  Commercial and industrial - non-affiliated  23,213  30 %  264  1 %  Other  (2)  10  &lt;1%  1,376  5 %  Total Operating Revenues  $  78,624  100 %  $  27,269  100 %  Contracted firm transportation capacity  (in Dts/d)  Local distribution companies - affiliated  154,379  50 %  306,400  36 %  Local distribution companies - non-affiliated  56,576  18 %  534,825  63 %  Commercial and industrial - affiliated  -  - %  8,300  1 %  Commercial and industrial - non-affiliated  98,540  32 %  5,100  &lt;1%  Total Contracted firm transportation capacity  309,495  100 %  854,625  100 %  Design day capacity  (in Dts/d)  309,495  100 %  854,625  100 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Eastern Shore's and Peninsula Pipeline's service to our local distribution affiliates is based on the respective regulator's approved rates and is an integral component of the cost associated  with  providing  natural  gas  supplies  to  the  end  users  of  those  affiliates.  We  eliminate  operating  revenues  of  these  entities  against  the  natural  gas  costs  of  those affiliates in our consolidated financial information; however, our local distribution affiliates include this amount in their purchased fuel cost and recover it through fuel cost recovery mechanisms.

(2) Operating revenues from "Other" sources are from the rental of gas properties.

## Regulatory Overview

The following table highlights key regulatory information for each of our principal Regulated Energy operations. Peninsula Pipeline and Aspire Energy Express are not regulated with regard to cost of service by either the Florida PSC or Ohio PUC respectively, or FERC and are therefore excluded from the table. See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (Note 18, Rates and Other Regulatory Activities, in the consolidated financial statements) for further discussion on the impact of this legislation on our regulated businesses.

<!-- image -->

| Natural Gas Distribution  Delmarva  Florida  Electric  Distribution  Natural Gas  Transmission  Operation/  Division  Delaware  Maryland  Sandpiper  Elkton Gas  (7)  Chesapeake's  CFG  division  FPU  FPU  Eastern Shore  Regulatory Agency  Delaware PSC  Maryland PSC  Florida PSC  FERC  Effective date - Last  Rate Order  01/01/2017  12/1/2007  12/01/2019  02/07/2019  01/14/2010  01/14/2010  (1)  10/8/2020  08/01/2017  Rate Base (in Rates)  (in Millions)  Not stated  Not stated  Not stated  Not stated  $46.7  $68.9  $24.9  Not stated  Annual Rate  Increase Approved  (in Millions)  $2.3  $0.6  N/A (2)  $0.1  $2.5  $8.0  $3.4  base rate and  $7.7  from storm  surcharge  $9.8  Capital Structure (in  rates)  (3)*  Not stated  LTD: 42%  STD:   5%  Equity: 53%  Not stated  LTD: 50%  Equity: 50%  LTD: 31%   STD:  6%    Equity: 43%  Other:  20%  LTD: 31% Equity:  47%    Other:  22%  LTD: 22% STD:  23%    Equity: 55%  Not stated  Allowed Return on  Equity  9.75%  (4)  10.75%  (4)  Not stated  (5)  9.80%  10.80%  (4)  10.85%  (4)  10.25%  (4), (6)  Not stated  TJCA Refund Status  associated with  customer rates  Refunded  Refunded  Refunded  N/A  Retained  Retained  Refunded  Refunded   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The effective date of the order approving the settlement agreement, which adjusted the rates originally approved on June 4, 2009.

(2) The Maryland PSC approved a declining return on equity that will result in a decline in our rates.

(3) Other components of capital structure include customer deposits, deferred income taxes and tax credits.

(4) Allowed after-tax return on equity.

(5) The terms of the agreement include revenue neutral rates for the first year (December 1, 2016 through November 30, 2017), followed by a schedule of rate reductions in subsequent years based upon the projected rate of propane to natural gas conversions.

(6) The terms of the settlement agreement for the FPU electric division limited proceeding with the Florida PSC prescribed an authorized return on equity range of 9.25 to 11.25 percent, with a mid-point of 10.25 percent.

(7) The rate increase and allowed return on equity for Elkton Gas were approved by the Maryland PSC before we acquired the company.

* LTD-Long-term debt; STD-Short-term debt.

In May 2022, our natural gas distribution businesses in Florida (FPU, FPU-Indiantown division, FPU-Fort Meade division and Chesapeake Utilities CFG division, collectively, 'Florida natural gas distribution businesses') filed a consolidated natural gas  rate  case  with  the  Florida  PSC.  The  application  included  a  request  for  the  following:  (i)  permanent  rate  relief  of approximately  $24.1  million,  effective  January  1,  2023;  (ii)  a  depreciation  study  also  submitted  with  the  filing;  (iii) authorization to make certain changes to tariffs to include the consolidation of rates and rate structure across the businesses and to unify the Florida natural gas distribution businesses under FPU; (iv) authorization to retain the acquisition adjustment recorded  at  the  time  of  the  FPU  merger  in  our  revenue  requirement;  and  (v)  authorization  to  establish  an  environmental remediation surcharge for the purposes of addressing future expected remediation costs for FPU MGP sites. In August 2022, interim rates were approved by the Florida PSC in the amount of approximately $7.7 million on an annualized basis, effective for all meter readings in September 2022. The discovery process and subsequent hearings were concluded during the fourth quarter  of  2022  and  briefs  were  submitted  in  the  same  quarter  of  2022.  In  January  2023,  the  Florida  PSC  approved  the application for consolidation and permanent rate relief of approximately $17.2 million on an annual basis. Actual rates in connection with the rate relief were approved by the Florida PSC in February 2023 with an effective date of March 1, 2023.

The  following  table  presents  surcharge  and  other  mechanisms  that  have  been  approved  by  the  respective  PSC  for  our regulated  energy  distribution  businesses.  These  include  Delaware  surcharges  to  expand  natural  gas  service  in  its  service territory as well as for the conversion of propane distribution systems to natural gas, Maryland's surcharges to fund natural gas conversions and system improvements in Worcester County, Elkton's STRIDE plan for accelerated pipeline replacement for older portions of the natural gas distribution system, Florida's GRIP surcharge which provides accelerated recovery of the

costs  of  replacing  older  portions  of  the  natural  gas  distribution  system  to  improve  safety  and  reliability  and  the  Florida electric distribution operation's limited proceeding which allowed recovery of storm-related costs .

| Operation(s)/Division(s)  Jurisdiction  Infrastructure  mechanism  Revenue  normalization  Delaware division  Delaware  Yes  No  Maryland division  Maryland  No  Yes  Sandpiper Energy  Maryland  Yes  Yes  Elkton Gas  Maryland  Yes  Yes  FPU and CFG natural gas divisions  Florida  Yes  No  FPU electric division  Florida  Yes  No   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Weather

Weather  variations  directly  influence  the  volume  of  natural  gas  and  electricity  sold  and  delivered  to  residential  and commercial customers for heating and cooling and changes in volumes delivered impact the revenue generated from these customers. Natural gas volumes are highest during the winter months, when residential and commercial customers use more natural  gas  for  heating.  Demand  for  electricity  is  highest  during  the  summer  months,  when  more  electricity  is  used  for cooling. We measure the relative impact of weather using degree-days. A degree-day is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature falls above or below 65 degrees Fahrenheit. Each degree of temperature below 65 degrees Fahrenheit is counted as one heating degree-day, and each degree of temperature above 65 degrees Fahrenheit is counted as one cooling degree-day. Normal heating and cooling degree-days are based on the most recent 10-year average.

## Competition

## Natural Gas Distribution

While our natural gas distribution operations do not compete directly with other distributors of natural gas for residential and commercial customers in our service areas, we do compete with other natural gas suppliers and alternative fuel providers for sales  to  industrial  customers.  Large  customers  could  bypass  our  natural  gas  distribution  systems  and  connect  directly  to intrastate  or  interstate  transmission  pipelines,  and  we  compete  in  all  aspects  of  our  natural  gas  business  with  alternative energy sources, including electricity, oil, propane and renewables. The most effective means to compete against alternative fuels are lower prices, superior reliability and flexibility of service. Natural gas historically has maintained a price advantage in the residential, commercial and industrial markets, and reliability of natural gas supply and service has been excellent. In addition, we provide flexible pricing to our large customers to minimize fuel switching and protect these volumes and their contributions to the profitability of our natural gas distribution operations.

## Natural Gas Transmission

Our natural gas transmission business competes with other interstate and intrastate pipeline companies to provide service to large industrial, generation and distribution customers, primarily in the northern portion of the Delmarva Peninsula and in Florida. Our transmission business in Ohio, Aspire Energy Express, services one customer, Guernsey Power Station, to which it is the sole supplier.

## Electric Distribution

While our electric  distribution  operations  do  not  compete  directly  with  other  distributors  of  electricity  for  residential  and commercial customers in our service areas, we do compete with other electricity suppliers and alternative fuel providers for sales to industrial customers. Some of our large industrial customers may be capable of generating their own electricity, and we structure rates, service offerings and flexibility to retain these customers in order to retain their business and contributions to the profitability of our electric distribution operations.

## Supplies, Transmission and Storage

## Natural Gas Distribution

Our  natural  gas  distribution  operations  purchase  natural  gas  from  marketers  and  producers  and  maintain  contracts  for transportation and storage with several interstate pipeline companies to meet projected customer demand requirements. We believe that our supply and capacity strategy will adequately meet our customers' needs over the next several years and we will continue to adapt our supply strategy to meet projected growth in customer demand within our service territories.

The Delmarva natural gas distribution systems are directly connected to Eastern Shore's pipeline, which has connections to other  pipelines  that  provide  us  with  transportation  and  storage.  These  operations  can  also  use  propane-air  and  liquefied natural gas peak-shaving equipment to serve customers. Our Delmarva Peninsula natural gas distribution operations maintain asset  management  agreements  with  a  third  party  to  manage  their  natural  gas  transportation  and  storage  capacity.  The agreements were effective as of April 1, 2020 and currently expire on March 31, 2023. Our Delmarva operations receive a fee, which we share with our customers, from the asset manager, who optimizes the transportation, storage and natural gas supply for these operations.

Our Florida natural gas distribution operation uses Peninsula Pipeline and Peoples Gas to transport natural gas where there is no direct connection with FGT. FPU natural gas distribution and Eight Flags entered into separate 10-year asset management agreements with Emera Energy Services, Inc. to manage their natural gas transportation capacity, each of which expires in November 2030. An agreement with Florida Southeast Connection LLC for additional service to Palm Beach County is also in place for an initial term through December 2044.

A summary of our pipeline capacity contracts follows:

| Maximum Daily Firm  Transportation Capacity  (Dts)  Contract  Expiration Date  Division  Pipeline  Delmarva Natural Gas Distribution  Eastern Shore  154,379  2023-2035  Columbia Gas  (1)  5,246  2023-2024  Transco  (1)  30,419  2023-2028  TETLP (1)  50,000  2027  Florida Natural Gas Distribution  Gulfstream  (2)  10,000  2032  FGT  47,409 - 78,817  2025-2041  Peninsula Pipeline  337,200  2033-2048  Peoples Gas  12,160  2024  Florida Southeast Connection  LLC  5,000  2044  Southern Natural Gas Company  1,500  2029   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Transco, Columbia Gas and TETLP are interstate pipelines interconnected with Eastern Shore's pipeline

(2)

Pursuant to a capacity release program approved by the Florida PSC, all of the capacity under this agreement has been released to various third parties. Under the terms of these capacity release agreements, Chesapeake Utilities is contingently liable to Gulfstream should any party, that acquired the capacity through release, fail to pay the capacity charge.

Eastern Shore has three agreements with Transco for a total of 7,292 Dts/d of firm daily storage injection and withdrawal entitlements and total storage capacity of 288,003 Dts. These agreements expire in March 2028. Eastern Shore retains these firm storage services in order to provide swing transportation service and firm storage service to customers requesting such services.

Aspire Energy Express, our Ohio intrastate pipeline subsidiary, entered into a precedent agreement to provide natural gas transportation  capacity  to  Guernsey  Power  Station,  who  has  completed  construction  of  its  power  generation  facility  in Guernsey County Ohio in January 2023. Aspire Energy Express completed construction of the gas transmission facilities in the fourth quarter of 2021 and began billing for transportation services in the first quarter of 2022.

## Electric Distribution

Our  Florida  electric  distribution  operation  purchases  wholesale  electricity  under  the  power  supply  contracts  summarized below:

| Area Served by Contract  Counterparty  Contracted Amount (MW)  Contract Expiration Date  Northwest Florida  Gulf Power Company  Full Requirement*  2026  Northeast Florida  Florida Power &amp; Light Company  Full Requirement*  2026  Northeast Florida  Eight Flags  21  2036  Northeast Florida  Rayonier  1.7 to 3.0  2036  Northeast Florida  WestRock Company  As-available  N/A   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*The counter party is obligated to provide us with the electricity to meet our customers' demand, which may vary.

## Unregulated Energy

## Overview

The following table presents net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and total assets as of December 31, 2022, for our Unregulated Energy segment by operation and area served:

| Operations  Area Served  Net Income (Loss)  Total Assets  (in thousands)  Propane Operations (Sharp,  Diversified Energy, FPU and  Flo-gas)  Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,  Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South  Carolina, Florida  $  13,791  $  190,298  Energy Transmission (Aspire  Energy)  Ohio  2,610  147,068  Energy Generation (Eight Flags)  Florida  1,817  36,945  Marlin Gas Services  The Entire U.S.  716  60,805  Renewable Energy Investments  Delaware, Maryland, Florida  (729)  27,450  Total  $  18,205  $  462,566   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Propane Operations

Our propane operations sell propane to residential, commercial/industrial, wholesale and AutoGas customers, in the MidAtlantic region, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida, through Sharp Energy, Inc., Sharpgas, Inc., Diversified Energy, FPU  and  Flo-gas.  We  deliver  to  and  bill  our  propane  customers  based  on  two  primary  customer  types:  bulk  delivery customers and metered customers. Bulk delivery customers receive deliveries into tanks at their location. We invoice and record revenues for these customers at the time of delivery. Metered customers are either part of an underground propane distribution  system  or  have  a  meter  installed  on  the  tank  at  their  location.  We  invoice  and  recognize  revenue  for  these customers based on their consumption as dictated by scheduled meter reads. As a member of AutoGas Alliance, we install and support propane vehicle conversion systems for vehicle fleets and provide on-site fueling infrastructure.

## Propane Operations - Operational Highlights

For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating revenues, volumes sold and average number of customers by customer class for our propane operations were as follows:

| Operating Revenues  (in thousands)  (2)  Volumes  (in thousands of gallons)  (2)  Average Number of  Customers  (1)(2)  Residential bulk  $  54,439  29 %  17,556  22 %  58,320  71 %  Residential metered  18,300  10 %  5,491  7 %  16,072  19 %  Commercial bulk  49,922  27 %  24,543  30 %  8,050  10 %  Commercial metered  1,916  1 %  586  1 %  210  &lt;1%  Wholesale  36,609  19 %  27,825  34 %  47  &lt;1%  AutoGas  7,524  4 %  4,544  6 %  128  &lt;1%  Other  (3)  19,702  10 %  -  - %  -  - %  Total  $  188,412  100 %  80,545  100 %  82,827  100 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Average number of customers is based on a twelve-month average for the year ended December 31, 2022.

(2) Operating revenues, volumes and average customer includes those for Diversified Energy that was acquired in December 2021. See Item 8, Financial

Statements and Supplementary Data (Note 4, Acquisitions in the consolidated financial statements) for further information.

(3) Operating revenues from "Other" sources include revenues from customer loyalty programs; delivery, service and appliance fees; and unbilled revenues.

## Competition

Our propane operations compete with national and local independent companies primarily on the basis of price and service. Propane  is  generally  a  cheaper  fuel  for  home  heating  than  oil  and  electricity  but  more  expensive  than  natural  gas.  Our propane operations are largely concentrated in areas that are not currently served by natural gas distribution systems.

## Supplies, Transportation and Storage

We purchase propane from major oil companies and independent natural gas liquids producers. Propane is transported by truck and rail to our bulk storage facilities in Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida which have a total storage capacity of 8.7 million gallons. Deliveries are made from these facilities by truck to tanks  located  on  customers'  premises  or  to  central  storage  tanks  that  feed  our  underground  propane  distribution  systems. While propane supply has traditionally been adequate, significant fluctuations in weather, closing of refineries and disruption in supply chains, could cause temporary reductions in available supplies.

## Weather

Propane revenues are affected by seasonal variations  in  temperature  and  weather  conditions,  which  directly  influence  the volume  of  propane  used  by  our  customers.  Our  propane  revenues  are  typically  highest  during  the  winter  months  when propane is used for heating. Sustained warmer-than-normal temperatures will tend to reduce propane use, while sustained colder-than-normal temperatures will tend to increase consumption.

## Unregulated Energy Transmission and Supply (Aspire Energy)

Aspire  Energy  owns  approximately  2,800  miles  of  natural  gas  pipeline  systems  in  40  counties  in  Ohio.  The  majority  of Aspire Energy's revenues are derived from long-term supply agreements with Columbia Gas of Ohio and Consumers Gas Cooperative ("CGC"), which together serve more than 22,000 end-use customers. Aspire Energy purchases natural gas to serve these customers from conventional producers in the Marcellus and Utica natural gas production areas. In October 2021, Aspire  Energy  completed  construction  of  its  Noble  Road  Landfill  RNG  pipeline  project,  which  began  transporting  RNG generated  from  the  landfill  to  Aspire  Energy's  pipeline  system  in  January  of  2022,  displacing  conventionally  produced natural gas. The RNG volume is estimated to represent nearly 10 percent of Aspire Energy's gas gathering volumes in the future. In addition, Aspire Energy earns revenue by gathering and processing natural gas for customers.

For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, Aspire Energy's operating revenues and deliveries by customer type were as follows:

| Operating revenues  Deliveries  (in thousands)  % of Total  (in thousands Dts)  % of Total  Supply to Columbia Gas of Ohio  $  20,812  37 %  2,543  40 %  Supply to CGC  20,748  37 %  1,914  30 %  Supply to Marketers - unaffiliated  11,833  21 %  1,864  29 %  Other (including natural gas gathering and processing)  2,832  5 %  82  1 %  Total  $  56,225  100 %  6,403  100 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Energy Generation (Eight Flags)

Eight  Flags  generates  electricity  and  steam  at  its  CHP  plant  located  on  Amelia  Island,  Florida.  The  plant  is  powered  by natural gas transported by Peninsula Pipeline and our Florida natural gas distribution operation and produces approximately 21 MW of electricity and 75,000 pounds per hour of steam. Eight Flags sells the electricity generated from the plant to our Florida electric distribution operation and sells the steam to the customer who owns the site on which the plant is located both under separate 20-year contracts.

## Marlin Gas Services

Marlin Gas Services is a supplier of mobile CNG and virtual pipeline solutions, primarily to utilities and pipelines.  Marlin Gas Services provides temporary hold services, pipeline integrity services, emergency services for damaged pipelines and specialized gas services for customers who have unique requirements. These services are provided by a highly trained staff of drivers and maintenance technicians who safely perform these functions throughout the United States. Marlin Gas Services maintains a fleet of CNG trailers, mobile compression equipment, LNG tankers and vaporizers, and an internally developed patented regulator system which allows for delivery of over 7,000 Dts/d of natural gas. Marlin Gas Services continues to actively expand the territories it serves, as well as leveraging its fleet of equipment and patented technologies to serve LNG and RNG market needs.

## Renewable Energy Investments

Our renewable energy investments are comprised primarily of our sustainable energy initiatives that are in various stages of development. Included in these are the assets and intellectual property of Planet Found that we acquired during the fourth quarter of 2022, whose farm scale anaerobic digestion pilot system and technology produces biogas from poultry litter which can be used to create renewable energy in the form of electricity or upgraded to renewable natural gas.

## Environmental Matters

See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (see Note 19 , Environmental Commitments and Contingencies, in the consolidated financial statements).

## Human Capital Initiatives

Our success is the direct result of our employees and our strong culture that fully engages our team and promotes equity, diversity, inclusion, integrity, accountability and reliability. We believe that a combination of diverse team members and an inclusive  culture  contributes  to  the  success  of  our  Company  and  to  enhanced  societal  advancement.  Each  employee  is  a valued member of our team bringing a diverse perspective to help grow our business and achieve our goals. Our tradition of serving  employees,  customers,  investors,  partners  and  communities  is  at  the  core  of  our  culture.  Among  the  ongoing initiatives across our enterprise, we highlight below the importance of our team, our culture of safety, and our environmental, social and governance stewardship.

## Our Team Drives Our Performance

Our  employees  are  the  key  to  our  success.  Our  leadership  and  human  resources  teams  are  responsible  for  attracting  and retaining  top  talent.Our  senior  management  team  includes  a  Chief  Human  Resources  Officer,  with  expertise  in  diverse candidate recruitment, to ensure that we continue to expand our candidate pools to better reflect the diverse demographics of the communities we serve. Furthermore, during 2022, we appointed a Chief Diversity Officer who has direct oversight for the

Company's  equity,  diversity  and  inclusion  ("EDI")  strategy  and  collaborates  across  the  organization  with  the  teams responsible for the enterprise-wide ESG plan.

Throughout  our  organization,  we  seek  to  promote  from  within,  reviewing  strategic  positions  regularly  and  identifying potential internal candidates to fill those positions, evaluating critical job skill sets to identify competency gaps and creating developmental plans to facilitate employee professional growth. We provide training and development programs as well as tuition reimbursement to promote continued professional growth.

As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 1,034 employees, 105 of whom are union employees represented by two labor unions:  the  International  Brotherhood  of  Electrical  Workers  and  the  United  Food  and  Commercial  Workers  Union.  The collective  bargaining  agreements  with  these  labor  unions  expire  in  2025.  We  consider  our  relationships  with  employees, including  those  covered  by  collective  bargaining  agreements,  to  be  in  good  standing.  We  provide  a  competitive  Total Rewards package for our employees including health insurance coverage, wellness initiatives, retirement savings benefits, paid  time  off,  employee  assistance  programs,  educational  and  tuition  reimbursement,  competitive  pay,  career  growth opportunities, paid volunteer time, and a culture of recognition. In 2023, the Company was recognized as a Top Workplaces USA award recipient among mid-sized companies for the third consecutive year. This follows being named a Top Workplace in Delaware for the tenth consecutive year in 2021, and being named a Top Workplace in Central Florida in 2019 and 2021. These honors were based entirely on feedback from employees who were surveyed by the research firm 'Energage'. These recognitions are a testament to our employees' commitment to excellence. Our employees are the backbone of our continued growth and success.

We have an established EDI Council which recommends and promotes our EDI strategy, advises our employee resource groups  ('ERGs')  and  works  with  our  operating  units  and  support  teams  on  EDI  initiatives.  The  EDI  Council's  charter includes the following objectives:

- Build a more diverse and inclusive workforce
- Promote a culture of understanding, equality and inclusion
- Educate employees about the benefits of diversity at Chesapeake Utilities
- Support community programs and organizations that are diverse and inclusive
- Provide guidance on EDI matters for the Company

The Chesapeake Utilities EDI Council includes members of our leadership team, the chairs of each of our ERGs and other individuals  in  key  support  roles.  The  CEO  receives  a  regular  report  on  the  achievements  of  the  EDI  Council,  strategic direction of initiatives, resource needs and issues that require policy decisions or other actions.

Our first ERG was established in 2019, and at December 31, 2022, there were eight active ERGs meeting throughout the Company. ERGs are voluntary, employee-led groups that focus on shared identities, affinities and experiences and seek to apply those perspectives to initiatives that create value throughout the Company. The ERGs support the members' personal growth and professional development, and help develop learning programs and community service opportunities throughout the Company. ERGs also help foster a sense of belonging by creating a deep and intentional community that extends beyond an employee's day-to-day team and colleagues into a companywide network.

## Workplace Health and Safety

We believe that there is nothing more important than the safety of our team, our customers and our communities. We are committed to ensuring safety is at the center of our culture and the way we do business. The importance of safety is exhibited throughout  the  entire  organization,  with  the  direction  and  tone  set  by  both  our  Board  and  our  President  and  CEO,  and evidenced  through  required  attendance  at  monthly  safety  meetings,  routine  safety  training  and  the  inclusion  of  safety moments at key team meetings. Additionally, while most restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic have been lifted in the United States, we remain committed to providing products and services to our customers in a safe and reliable manner, and will continue to do so in compliance with any mandated restrictions in each of the markets we serve.

To maintain safety as a priority, our employees remain committed and work together to ensure that our plans, programs, policies and behaviors are aligned with our aspirations as a Company. The achievement of superior safety performance is both an important short-term and long-term strategic initiative in managing our operations. In November 2020, we announced the  completion  of  our  state-of-the  art  training  facility  in  Dover,  Delaware.  'Safety  Town'  now  serves  as  a  resource  for training our employees who build, maintain and operate our natural gas infrastructure, offering hands-on training and fully immersive,  on-the-job  field  experiences.   First  responders  and  other  community  partners  also  benefit  from  the  simulated

environment and conditions they could encounter as they enter homes in the community. We are excited to start construction of a second 'Safety Town' facility in Florida in 2023.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Stewardship

Consistent with our culture of teamwork, the broad responsibility of ESG stewardship is supported across our organization by the dedication and efforts of our Board of Directors and its Committees, as well as the entrepreneurship and dedication of our team. As stewards of long-term enterprise value, the Board of Directors is committed to overseeing the sustainability of the Company its environmental stewardship initiatives, its safety and operational compliance practices, and to promoting equity, diversity  and  inclusion  that  reflects  the  diverse  communities  we  serve.  In  2022,  Chesapeake  Utilities  established  its  ESG Committee,  which  brings  together  a  cross-functional  team  of  leaders  across  the  organization  responsible  for  identifying, assessing, executing and advancing the Company's strategic ESG initiatives. Additionally, we developed an Environmental Sustainability Office in 2022, which identifies and manages emission-reducing projects both internally, as well as those that support our customers' sustainability goals. Throughout the year, Chesapeake Utilities drove numerous initiatives to enhance its ESG program:

## Environmental:

- Successfully completed pilot test of hydrogen and natural gas blend to fuel the Company's Eight Flags CHP facility
- Opened the Company's first CNG fueling station near the Port of Savannah, capable of distributing RNG for fleet vehicles
- Acquired  Planet  Found  Energy  Development,  a  farm-scale  anaerobic  digestion  system  producing  biogas  from poultry waste which can be converted to renewable natural gas

## Social:

- Appointed a Chief Diversity Officer
- Provided  donations  to  multiple  charitable  organizations  aiding  in  the  recovery  efforts  across  Florida  following Hurricane Ian, one of the strongest and most devastating storms to hit the state
- Unveiled 'Chesapeake Wellness,' a free, digital service provided to all employees which includes key resources for building and sustaining healthy physical, mental and financial habits

## Governance:

- Increased transparency with the enhancement of our director skills matrix in the 2022 Proxy Statement
- Appointed Stephanie N. Gary and Sheree M. Petrone to serve as members of the Company's Board of Directors
- Recognized with "Best Corporate Governance in the U.S. for 2022" by World Finance magazine

## Information About Executive Officers

Set forth below are the names, ages, and positions of our executive officers with their recent business experience. The age of each officer is as of the filing date of this Annual Report.

| Name  Age  Executive  Officer Since  Offices Held During the Past Five Years  Jeffry M. Householder  65  2010  President (January 2019 - present)  Chief Executive Officer (January 2019 - present)  Director (January 2019 - present)  President of FPU (June 2010 - February 2019)  Beth W. Cooper  56  2005  Executive Vice President (February 2019 - present)  Chief Financial Officer (September 2008 - present)  Senior Vice President (September 2008 - February 2019)  Treasurer (January 2022 - present)  Assistant Corporate Secretary (March 2015 - present)  James F. Moriarty  65  2015  Executive Vice President (February 2019 - present)  General Counsel &amp; Corporate Secretary (March 2015 - present)  Chief Policy and Risk Officer (February 2019 - present)  Senior Vice President (February 2017 - February 2019)  Vice President (March 2015 - February 2017)  Kevin J. Webber  64  2010  Chief Development Officer (January 2022 - present)  Senior Vice President (February 2019 - present)  President FPU (February 2019 - December 2019)  Vice President Gas Operations and Business Development Florida  Business Units (July 2010 - February 2019)  Jeffrey S. Sylvester  53  2019  Chief Operating Officer (January 2022 - present)  Senior Vice President (December 2019 - present)  Vice President Black Hills Energy (October 2012 - December 2019)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Available Information on Corporate Governance Documents

Our  Annual  Reports  on  Form  10-K,  Quarterly  Reports  on  Form  10-Q,  Current  Reports  on  Form  8-K  and  other  reports and amendments to these reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC at their website, www.sec.gov, are also available free of charge at our website, www.chpk.com, as  soon  as  reasonably  practicable  after  we  electronically  file  these  reports  with, or furnish these reports to the SEC. The content of this website is not part of this Annual Report.

In addition, the following documents are available free of charge on our website, www.chpk.com :

- Business Code of Ethics and Conduct applicable to all employees, officers and directors;
- Code of Ethics for Financial Officers;
- Corporate Governance Guidelines; and
- Charters  for  the  Audit  Committee,  Compensation  Committee,  Investment  Committee,  and  Corporate  Governance Committee of the Board of Directors.

Any  of  these  reports o r d ocuments  may  also  be  obtained  by  writing  to:  Corporate  Secretary;  c/o  Chesapeake  Utilities Corporation, 500 Energy Lane Suite 100, Dover, DE 19901.

## ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

The  risks  described  below  fall  into  three  broad  categories  related  to  (1)  financial  risks,  (2)  operational  risks,  and  (3) regulatory,  legal  and  environmental  risks,  all  of  which  may  affect  our  operations  and/or  the  financial  performance  of  our regulated and unregulated energy businesses. These are not the only risks we face but are considered to be the most material. There may be other unknown or unpredictable risks or other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results.  Refer to the section entitled Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report for an additional discussion of these and other related factors that affect our operations and/ or financial performance.

## FINANCIAL RISKS

## Instability  and  volatility  in  the  financial  markets  could  negatively  impact  access  to  capital  at  competitive  rates,  which could affect our ability to implement our strategic plan, undertake improvements and make other investments required for our future growth.

Our business strategy includes the continued pursuit of growth and requires capital investment in excess of cash flow from operations. As a result, the successful execution of our strategy is dependent upon access to equity and debt at reasonable costs. Our ability to issue new debt and equity capital and the cost of equity and debt are greatly affected by our financial performance and the conditions of the financial markets. In addition, our ability to obtain adequate and cost-effective debt depends on our credit ratings. A downgrade in our current credit ratings could negatively impact our access to and cost of debt.  If  we  are  not  able  to  access  capital  at  competitive  rates,  our  ability  to  implement  our  strategic  plan,  undertake improvements and make other investments required for our future growth may be limited.

## Fluctuations in propane gas prices could negatively affect results of operations.

The combination of high demand and lower-than-average inventory is always a common driver for higher propane gas prices. We adjust the price of the propane we sell based on changes in our cost of purchasing propane. However, if the market does not allow us to increase propane sales prices to compensate fully for fluctuations in purchased propane costs, our results of operations and cash flows could be negatively affected.

## If we fail to comply with our debt covenant obligations, we could experience adverse financial consequences that could affect our liquidity and ability to borrow funds.

Our long-term debt obligations and our Revolver contain financial covenants related to debt-to-capital ratios and interestcoverage ratios.  Failure  to  comply  with  any  of  these  covenants  could  result  in  an  event  of  default  which,  if  not  cured  or waived,  could  result  in  the  acceleration  of  outstanding  debt  obligations  or  the  inability  to  borrow  under  certain  credit agreements. Any such acceleration could cause a material adverse change in our financial condition. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants.

## Increases in interest rates may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

Increases  in  interest  rates  could  increase  the  cost  of  future  debt  issuances.  To  the  extent  we  are  not  able  to  fully  recover higher debt costs in the rates we charge our utility customers, or the timing of such recovery is not certain, our earnings could be adversely affected. Increases in short-term interest rates could negatively affect our results of operations, which depend on short-term debt to finance accounts receivable and storage gas inventories and to temporarily finance capital expenditures. Reference  should  be  made  to Item  7A,  Quantitative  and  Qualitative  Disclosures  about  Market  Risk for  additional information.

## Continuing or worsening inflationary and/or supply chain issues may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.

Our business is dependent on the supply chain to ensure that equipment, materials and other resources are available to both expand and maintain our services in a safe and reliable manner. Pricing of equipment, materials and other resources have increased recently and may continue to do so in the future. Failure to secure equipment, materials and other resources on economically acceptable terms, including failure to eliminate or manage the constraints in the supply chain, may impact the availability  of  items  that  are  necessary  to  support  normal  operations  as  well  as  materials  that  are  required  for  continued infrastructure growth, and as result, may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.

In  addition,  it  may  become  more  costly  for  us  to  recruit  and  retain  key  employees,  particularly  specialized/technical personnel, in the face of competitive market conditions and increased competition for specialized and experienced workers in our industry.

## Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may exert downward pressure on the market price of the Company's common stock.

The market price and trading volume of the Company's common stock is subject to fluctuations as a result of, among other factors, general credit and capital market conditions and changes in market sentiment regarding the operations, business and financing strategies of the Company and its subsidiaries. As a result, disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the credit and capital markets may, amongst other things, have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Company's common stock.

## Current market conditions could adversely impact the return on plan assets for FPU's pension plan, which may require significant additional funding.

In 2021, the Company terminated the Chesapeake Utilities pension plan. The FPU pension plan is closed to new employees, and the future benefits are frozen. The costs of providing benefits and related funding requirements of the FPU plan is subject to changes in the market value of the assets that fund the plan and the discount rates used to estimate the pension benefit obligations. The funded status of the plans and the related costs reflected in our financial statements are affected by various factors that are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, particularly in the current economic environment. Future losses of  asset  values  and  further  declines  in  discount  rates  may  necessitate  accelerated  funding  of  the  plans  to  meet  minimum federal government requirements and may result in higher pension expense in future years. Adverse changes in the benefit obligations  of  the  FPU  pension  plan  may  require  us  to  record  higher  pension  expense  and  fund  obligations  earlier  than originally planned, which would have an adverse impact on our cash flows from operations, decrease borrowing capacity and increase interest expense.

## OPERATIONAL RISKS

## We are dependent upon construction of new facilities to support future growth in earnings in our natural gas and electric distribution and natural gas transmission operations.

Construction of  new  facilities  required  to  support  future  growth  is  subject  to  various  regulatory  and  developmental  risks, including but not limited to: (i) our ability to obtain timely certificate authorizations, necessary approvals and permits from regulatory  agencies  and  on  terms  that  are  acceptable  to  us;  (ii)  potential  changes  in  federal,  state  and  local  statutes  and regulations, including environmental requirements, that prevent a project from proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of the  project;  (iii)  our  inability  to  acquire  rights-of-way  or  land  rights  on  a  timely  basis  on  terms  that  are  acceptable  to  us; (iv)  lack  of  anticipated  future  growth  in  available  natural  gas  and  electricity  supply;  (v)  insufficient  customer  throughput commitments; and (vi) lack of available and qualified third-party contractors which could impact the timely construction of new facilities.

## We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities are located, which could result in disruptions to our operations.

Because we do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities have been constructed, we are subject to the possibility of more onerous terms or increased costs to retain necessary land use if we do not have valid rights-of-way or if such rights-of-way lapse or terminate. We obtain the rights to construct and operate our pipelines on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. Our loss of these rights, through our inability to renew rightof-way  contracts  or  otherwise,  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of operations

## We operate in a competitive environment, and we may lose customers to competitors.

Natural Gas. Our natural gas transmission and distribution operations compete with interstate pipelines when our customers are located close enough to a competing pipeline to make direct connections economically feasible. Customers also have the option to switch to alternative fuels, including renewable energy sources. Failure to retain and grow our natural gas customer base would have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

Electric. Our Florida electric distribution business has remained substantially free from direct competition from other electric service providers but does face competition from other energy sources. Changes in the competitive environment caused by legislation, regulation, market conditions, or initiatives of other electric power providers, particularly with respect to retail electric competition, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Propane. Our propane operations compete with other propane distributors, primarily on the basis of service and price. Our ability  to  grow the propane operations business is contingent upon capturing additional market share, expanding into new markets, and successfully utilizing pricing programs that retain and grow our customer base. Failure to retain and grow our customer base in our propane operations would have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

## Fluctuations in weather may cause a significant variance in our earnings.

Our  natural  gas  distribution,  propane  operations  and  natural  gas  transmission  operations,  are  sensitive  to  fluctuations  in weather  conditions,  which  directly  influence  the  volume  of  natural  gas  and  propane  we  transport,  sell  and  deliver  to  our customers. A significant portion of our natural gas distribution, propane operations and natural gas transmission revenue is derived from the sales and deliveries to residential, commercial and industrial heating customers during the five-month peak heating season (November through March). Other than our Maryland natural gas distribution businesses (Maryland division, Sandpiper Energy and Elkton Gas) which have revenue normalization mechanisms, if the weather is warmer than normal, we sell and deliver less natural gas and propane to customers, and earn less revenue, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Conversely, if the weather is colder than normal, we sell and deliver more natural gas and propane to customers, and earn more revenue, which could positively affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Variations in weather from year to year can cause our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition to vary accordingly.

Our  electric  distribution  operation  is  also  affected  by  variations  in  weather  conditions  and  unusually  severe  weather conditions. However, electricity consumption is generally less seasonal than natural gas and propane because it is used for both heating and cooling in our service areas.

## Natural  disasters,  severe  weather  events  (such  as  a  major  hurricane)  and  acts  of  terrorism  could  adversely  impact earnings and access to insurance coverage.

Inherent  in  energy  transmission  and  distribution  activities  are  a  variety  of  hazards  and  operational  risks,  such  as  leaks, ruptures, fires, uncontrollable flows of natural gas, explosions, release of contaminants into the environment, sabotage and mechanical problems. Natural disasters and severe weather events may damage our assets, cause operational interruptions and  result  in  the  loss  of  human  life,  all  of  which  could  negatively  affect  our  earnings,  financial  condition  and  results  of operations.

Acts  of  terrorism  and  the  impact  of  retaliatory  military  and  other  action  by  the  United  States  and  its  allies  may  lead  to increased political, economic and financial market instability and volatility in the price of natural gas, electricity and propane that could negatively affect our operations. Companies in the energy industry may face a heightened risk of exposure to acts of terrorism, which could affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

The insurance industry may also be affected by natural disasters, severe weather events and acts of terrorism. As a result, the availability of insurance covering risks against which we and our competitors typically insure may be limited. In addition, the insurance we are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

## Operating events affecting public safety and the reliability of our natural gas and electric distribution and transmission systems could adversely affect our operations and increase our costs.

Our natural gas and electric operations are exposed to operational events and risks, such as major leaks, outages, mechanical failures and breakdown, operations below the expected level of performance or efficiency, and accidents that could affect public safety and the reliability of our distribution and transmission systems, significantly increase costs and cause loss of customer confidence. If we are unable to recover all or some of these costs from insurance and/or customers through the regulatory process, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.

## A  security  breach  disrupting  our  operating  systems  and  facilities  or  exposing  confidential  information  may  adversely affect our reputation, disrupt our operations and increase our costs.

The  cybersecurity  risks  associated  with  the  protection  of  our  infrastructure  and  facilities  is  evolving  and  increasingly complex. We continue to heavily rely on technological tools that support our business operations and corporate functions while enhancing our security. There are various risks associated with our information technology infrastructure, including hardware and software failure, communications failure, data distortion or destruction, unauthorized access to data, misuse of proprietary or confidential data, unauthorized control through electronic means, cyber-attacks, cyber-terrorism, data breaches,

programming mistakes, and other inadvertent errors or deliberate human acts. Further, the U.S. government has issued public warnings that indicate energy assets might be specific targets of cybersecurity threats and/or attacks.

Many  of  our  employees,  service  providers,  and  vendors  have  been  working,  and  may  continue  to  work,  from  remote locations, where cybersecurity protections may be limited and cybersecurity procedures and safeguards may be less effective. As such, we may be subject to a higher risk of cybersecurity breaches than ever before. Therefore, we may be required to expend significant  resources  to  continue  to  modify  or  enhance  our  procedures  and  controls  or  to  upgrade  our  digital  and operational systems, related infrastructure, technologies and network security.

Any such failure, attack, or security breach could adversely impact our ability to safely and reliably deliver services to our customers through our transmission, distribution, and generation systems, subject to us to reputational and other harm, and subject us to legal and regulatory proceedings and claims and demands from third parties, any of which could adversely affect our business, our earnings, results of operation and financial condition. In addition, the protection of customer, employee and Company data is crucial to our operational security. A breach or breakdown of our systems that results in the unauthorized release of individually identifiable customer or other sensitive data could have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial condition and could also materially increase our costs of maintaining our system and protecting it against future breakdowns or breaches. We take reasonable precautions to safeguard our information systems from cyberattacks and security breaches; however, there is no guarantee that the procedures implemented to protect against unauthorized access to our information systems are adequate to safeguard against all attacks and breaches. We also cannot assure that any redundancies built into our networks and technology, or the procedures we have implemented to protect against cyber-attacks and  other  unauthorized  access  to  secured  data,  are  adequate  to  safeguard  against  all  failures  of  technology  or  security breaches.

## Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified employee workforce could adversely affect operations.

Our  ability  to  implement  our  business  strategy  and  serve  our  customers  depends  upon  our  continuing  ability  to  attract, develop and retain talented professionals and a technically skilled workforce in a manner competitive with current market conditions, and transfer the knowledge and expertise of our workforce to new employees as our existing employees retire. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise  to  new  employees,  or  the  future  availability  and  cost  of  contract  labor  could  adversely  affect  our  ability  to manage and operate our business. If we were unable to hire, train and retain appropriately qualified personnel, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

## A strike, work stoppage or a labor dispute could adversely affect our operations.

We  are  party  to  collective  bargaining  agreements  with  labor  unions  at  some  of  our  Florida  operations.  A  strike,  work stoppage or a labor dispute with a union or employees represented by a union could cause interruption to our operations and our results could be adversely affected.

## Our businesses are capital-intensive, and the increased costs and/or delays of capital projects may adversely affect our future earnings.

Our  businesses  are  capital-intensive  and  require  significant  investments  in  ongoing  infrastructure  projects.  Our  ability  to complete our infrastructure projects on a timely basis and manage the overall cost of those projects may be affected by the availability of the necessary materials and qualified vendors. Our future earnings could be adversely affected if we are unable to  manage  such  capital  projects  effectively,  or  if  full  recovery  of  such  capital  costs  is  not  permitted  in  future  regulatory proceedings.

## Our regulated energy business may be at risk if franchise agreements are not renewed, or new franchise agreements are not obtained, which could adversely affect our future results or operating cash flows and financial condition.

Our regulated natural gas and electric distribution operations hold franchises in each of the incorporated municipalities that require franchise agreements in order to provide natural gas and electricity. Ongoing financial results would be adversely impacted in the event that franchise agreements were not renewed. If we are unable to obtain franchise agreements for new service areas, growth in our future earnings could be negatively impacted.

## Slowdowns in customer growth may adversely affect earnings and cash flows.

Our ability to increase revenues in our natural gas, propane and electric distribution businesses is dependent upon growth in the residential construction market, adding new commercial and industrial customers and conversion of customers to natural

gas, electricity or propane from other energy sources. Slowdowns in growth may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

## Energy conservation, including the effects of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives could lower energy consumption, which would adversely affect our earnings.

Federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives to promote energy efficiency, conservation and the use of alternative energy sources could lower consumption of natural gas and propane by our customers.  For example, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation  Reduction  Act  of  2022  ('IRA')  was  signed  into  law,  with  hundreds  of  billions  of  dollars  in  incentives  for  the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, and clean fuels, amongst other provisions. These incentives could further accelerate  the  transition  of  the  U.S.  economy  away  from  the  use  of  fossil  fuels  towards  lower-  or  zero-carbon  emissions alternatives and impact demand for our products and services. In addition, increasing attention to climate change, societal expectations  on  companies  to  address  climate  change,  investor  and  societal  expectations  regarding  voluntary  ESG disclosures,  and  the  aforementioned  demand  for  alternative  forms  of  energy,  may  result  in  increased  costs  and  reduced demand for our products. While we cannot predict the ultimate effect that the development of alternative energy sources and related  laws  might  have  on  our  operations,  we  may  be  subject  to  reduced  profits,  increased  investigations  and  litigation against us, and negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets.

In addition, higher costs of natural gas, propane and electricity may cause customers to conserve fuel. To the extent a PSC or the FERC does not allow the recovery through customer rates of higher costs or lower consumption from energy efficiency or conservation, and our propane retail prices cannot be increased due to market conditions, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected.

## Commodity price increases may adversely affect the operating costs and competitive positions of our natural gas, electric and propane operations, which may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Natural  Gas/Electricity.  Higher  natural  gas  prices  can  significantly  increase  the  cost  of  gas  billed  to  our  natural  gas customers. Increases in the cost of natural gas and other fuels used to generate electricity can significantly increase the cost of electricity  billed  to  our  electric  customers.  Damage  to  the  production  or  transportation  facilities  of  our  suppliers,  which decreases  their  supply  of  natural  gas  and  electricity,  could  result  in  increased  supply  costs  and  higher  prices  for  our customers. Such cost increases generally have no immediate effect on our revenues and net income because of our regulated fuel  cost  recovery  mechanisms.  However,  our  net  income  may  be  reduced  by  higher  expenses  that  we  may  incur  for uncollectible customer accounts and by lower volumes of natural gas and electricity deliveries when customers reduce their consumption. Therefore, increases in the price of natural gas and other fuels can adversely affect our operating cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, as well as the competitiveness of natural gas and electricity as energy sources.

Propane. Propane costs are subject to changes as a result of product supply or other market conditions, including weather, economic and political factors affecting crude oil and natural gas supply or pricing. For example, weather conditions could damage production or transportation facilities, which could result in decreased supplies of propane, increased supply costs and higher prices for customers. Such increases in costs can occur rapidly and can negatively affect profitability. There is no assurance  that  we  will  be  able  to  pass  on  propane  cost  increases  fully  or  immediately,  particularly  when  propane  costs increase rapidly. Therefore, average retail sales prices can vary significantly from year-to-year as product costs fluctuate in response to propane, fuel oil, crude oil and natural gas commodity market conditions. In addition, in periods of sustained higher commodity prices, declines in retail sales volumes due to reduced consumption and increased amounts of uncollectible accounts may adversely affect net income.

Refer to Item 7A , Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for additional information.

## Our use of derivative instruments may adversely affect our results of operations.

Fluctuating  commodity prices may affect our earnings and financing costs because our propane operations use derivative instruments, including forwards, futures, swaps, puts, and calls, to hedge price risk. While we have risk management policies and operating procedures in place to control our exposure to risk, if we purchase derivative instruments that are not properly matched to our exposure, our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected.

## A substantial disruption or lack of growth in interstate natural gas pipeline transmission and storage capacity or electric transmission capacity may impair our ability to meet customers' existing and future requirements.

In order to meet existing and future customer demands for natural gas and electricity, we must acquire sufficient supplies of natural gas and electricity, interstate pipeline transmission and storage capacity, and electric transmission capacity to serve such requirements. We must contract for reliable and adequate upstream transmission capacity for our distribution systems

while considering the dynamics of the interstate pipeline and storage and electric transmission markets, our own on-system resources, as well as the characteristics of our markets. Our financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected if the future availability of these capacities were insufficient to meet future customer demands for natural gas and electricity. Currently, our Florida natural gas operation relies primarily on two pipeline systems, FGT and Peninsula Pipeline, our intrastate pipeline subsidiary for most of its natural gas supply and transmission. Our Florida electric operation secures electricity from external parties. Any continued interruption of service from these suppliers could adversely affect our ability to meet the demands of our customers, which could negatively impact our earnings, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our  ability  to  grow  our  businesses  could  be  adversely  affected  if  we  are  not  successful  in  making  acquisitions  or integrating the acquisitions we have completed.

One of our strategies is to grow through acquisitions of complementary businesses. Acquisitions involve a number or risks including,  but  not  limited  to,  the  assumption  of  material  liabilities,  the  diversion  of  management's  attention  from  the management of daily operations to the integration of operations, difficulties in the assimilation and retention of employees and difficulties in the assimilation of different cultures and internal controls. Future acquisitions could also result in, among other  things,  the  failure  to  identify  material  issues  during  due  diligence,  the  risk  of  overpaying  for  assets,  unanticipated capital expenditures, the failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges and fluctuations in quarterly results. There can also be no assurance that our past and future acquisitions will deliver the strategic, financial and operational benefits that we anticipate. The failure to successfully integrate acquisitions could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

## An impairment of our assets could result in a significant charge to earnings.

In accordance with GAAP, goodwill, intangible, and other long-lived assets are tested for impairment annually or whenever events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  impairment  may  have  occurred.  If  the  testing  performed  indicates  that impairment has occurred, we are required to record an impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the applicable  asset  and  the  implied  fair  value  in  the  period  the  determination  is  made.  The  testing  of  assets  for  impairment requires us to make significant estimates about our future performance and cash flows, as well as other assumptions. These estimates  can  be  affected  by  numerous  factors,  including:  future  business  operating  performance,  changes  in  economic conditions  and  interest  rates,  regulatory,  industry  or  market  conditions,  changes  in  business  operations,  changes  in competition  or  changes  in  technologies.  Any  changes  in  key  assumptions,  or  actual  performance  compared  with  key assumptions, about our business and its future prospects could affect the fair value of one or more of our assets, which may result in an impairment charge.

## REGULATORY, LEGAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS

## Regulation  of  our  businesses,  including  changes  in  the  regulatory  environment,  may  adversely  affect  our  results  of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

The Delaware, Maryland, Ohio and Florida PSCs regulate our utility operations in those states. Eastern Shore is regulated by the  FERC.  The  PSCs  and  the  FERC  set  the  rates  that  we  can  charge  customers  for  services  subject  to  their  regulatory jurisdiction. Our ability to obtain timely rate increases and rate supplements to maintain current rates of return depends on regulatory approvals, and there can be no assurance that our regulated operations will be able to obtain such approvals or maintain currently authorized rates of return. When earnings from our regulated utilities exceed the authorized rate of return, the respective regulatory authority may require us to reduce our rates charged to customers in the future.

## We may face certain regulatory and financial risks related to pipeline safety legislation.

We are  subject  to  a  number  of  legislative  proposals  at  the  federal  and  state  level  to  implement  increased  oversight  over natural gas pipeline operations and facilities to inspect pipeline facilities, upgrade pipeline facilities, or control the impact of a breach of such facilities. Additional operating expenses and capital expenditures may be necessary to remain in compliance. If new legislation is adopted and we incur additional expenses and expenditures, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected, particularly if we are not authorized through the regulatory process to recover from customers some or all of these costs and our authorized rate of return.

## Pipeline integrity programs and repairs may impose significant costs and liabilities on the Company.

The U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) requires pipeline operators to develop integrity management  programs  to  comprehensively  evaluate  their  pipelines  and  to  take  additional  measures  to  protect  pipeline segments  located  in  areas  where  a  leak  or  rupture  could  potentially  do  the  most  harm.  PHMSA  constantly  updates  its regulations to ensure the highest levels of pipeline safety. As the operator of pipelines, we are required to:  perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity; identify and characterize applicable threats to pipelines; improve data collection, integration and analysis; repair and remediate the pipelines as necessary; and implement preventative and mitigating actions. These new and any future regulations adopted by PHMSA may impose more stringent requirements applicable to integrity management programs and other pipeline safety aspects of our operations, which could cause us to incur increased capital and operating costs and operational delays. Moreover, should we fail to comply with the PHMSA rules and regulations, we could be subject to significant penalties and fines which may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

## We are subject to operating and litigation risks that may not be fully covered by insurance.

Our  operations  are  subject  to  the  operating  hazards  and  risks  normally  incidental  to  handling,  storing,  transporting, transmitting and delivering natural gas, electricity and propane to end users. From time to time, we are a defendant in legal proceedings  arising  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business.  We  maintain  insurance  coverage  for  our  general  liabilities  in  the amount of $52 million, which we believe is reasonable and prudent. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage or that such levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices.

## Costs of compliance with environmental laws may be significant.

We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental quality and pollution control. These evolving laws and regulations may require expenditures over a long period of time to control environmental effects at our current and former operating sites, especially former MGP sites. To date, we have been able to recover, through regulatory rate mechanisms, the costs associated with the remediation of former MGP sites. However, there is no guarantee that we will be  able  to  recover  future  remediation  costs  in  the  same  manner  or  at  all.  A  change  in  our  approved  rate  mechanisms  for recovery of environmental remediation costs at former MGP sites could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Further,  existing  environmental  laws  and  regulations  may  be  revised,  or  new  laws  and  regulations  seeking  to  protect  the environment may be adopted and be applicable to us. Revised or additional laws and regulations could result in additional operating restrictions on our facilities or increased compliance costs, which may not be fully recoverable. Any such increase in  compliance  costs  could  adversely  affect  our  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  Compliance  with  these  legal obligations requires us to commit capital. If we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations, even if such failure is caused by factors beyond our control, we may be assessed administrative, civil, or criminal penalties and fines, imposed with investigatory and remedial obligations, or issued injunctions all of which could impact our financial condition and results of operations.  See Item  8,  Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data (see  Note  19 ,  Environmental  Commitments  and Contingencies, in the consolidated financial statements).

## Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flow.

We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. and the states in which we operate. Changes in applicable state or U.S. tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect our tax expense and profitability. In addition, the final determination of any tax audits or related litigation could be materially different  from  our  historical  income  tax  provisions  and  accruals.  Changes  in  our  tax  provision  or  an  increase  in  our  tax liabilities, due to changes in applicable law and regulations, the interpretation or application thereof, future changes in the tax rate or a final determination of tax audits or litigation, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

## Our business may be subject in the future to additional regulatory and financial risks associated with global warming and climate change.

There have been a number of federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives proposed in recent years in an attempt to control or limit the effects of global warming and overall climate change, including greenhouse gas emissions, such as carbon dioxide. The direction of future U.S. climate change regulation is difficult to predict given the potential for policy changes under different  Presidential  administrations  and  Congressional  leadership.  The  EPA  may  or  may  not  continue  developing regulations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Even if federal efforts in this area slow, states, cities and local jurisdictions

may continue pursuing climate regulations. Any laws or regulations that may be adopted to restrict or reduce emissions of greenhouse  gases  could  require  us  to  incur  additional  operating  costs,  such  as  costs  to  purchase  and  operate  emissions controls,  to  obtain  emission  allowances  or  to  pay  emission  taxes,  and  reduce  demand  for  our  energy  delivery  services. Federal, state and local legislative initiatives to implement renewable portfolio standards or to further subsidize the cost of solar,  wind  and  other  renewable  power  sources  may  change  the  demand  for  natural  gas.  We  cannot  predict  the  potential impact that such laws or regulations, if adopted, may have on our future business, financial condition or financial results.

## Climate changes may impact the demand for our services in the future and could result in more frequent and more severe weather events, which ultimately could adversely affect our financial results.

Significant  climatic  change  creates  physical  and  financial  risks  for  us.  Our  customers'  energy  needs  vary  with  weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. For residential customers, heating and cooling represent their largest energy use. To the extent weather conditions may be affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. To the extent that climate change adversely impacts the economic health or weather conditions of our service territories directly, it could adversely impact customer demand or our customers' ability to pay. Changes in energy use due to weather variations may affect our financial condition through volatility and/or decreased revenues and cash flows. Extreme weather conditions require more system backups and can increase costs and system  stresses,  including  service  interruptions.  Severe  weather  impacts  our  operating  territories  primarily  through thunderstorms, tornadoes, hurricanes, and snow or ice storms. Weather conditions outside of our operating territories could also have an impact on our revenues and cash flows by affecting natural gas prices. To the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our costs of providing services. We may not be able to pass on the higher costs to  our  customers  or  recover  all  the  costs  related  to  mitigating  these  physical  risks.  To  the  extent  financial  markets  view climate change and emissions of greenhouse gases as a financial risk, this could adversely affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less favorable terms and conditions in future financings. Our business could be affected by the potential  for  investigations  and  lawsuits  related  to  or  against  greenhouse  gas  emitters  based  on  the  claimed  connection between greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, which could impact adversely our business, results of operations and cash flows.

## We face risks associated with widespread public health crises, epidemics, or pandemics which may have material adverse impacts on the Company's operations, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.

The Company is subject to the impacts of widespread public health crises, epidemics and pandemics, including the recent COVID-19 outbreak. Such impacts may include, but are not limited to, effects on the national and local economy, capital and credit markets, the workforce, customers and suppliers. There is no assurance that the Company's businesses will be able to operate  without  material  adverse  impacts  depending  on  the  nature  of  the  public  health  crisis,  epidemic  or  pandemic.  The ultimate severity, duration and impact of public health crises, epidemics and pandemics cannot be predicted. Additionally, there is no assurance that vaccines, or other treatments, are or will be widely available or effective, or that the public will be willing to participate, in an effort to contain the spread of disease. Actions taken in response to such crises by federal, state and  local  government  or  regulatory  agencies  may  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  the  Company's  business,  financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.

While most restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic have been lifted in the United States, we remain committed to providing products and services to our customers in a safe and reliable manner, and will continue to do so in compliance with any mandated restrictions in each of the markets we serve.

## Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a transaction that stockholders would view as favorable.

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as Delaware law, contain provisions that could delay, defer or prevent an unsolicited change in control of Chesapeake Utilities, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock or the ability of stockholders to participate in a transaction in which they might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over the then current market price. These provisions may also prevent changes in management. In addition, our Board of Directors is authorized to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval on such terms as our Board of Directors may determine. Our common stockholders will be subject to, and may be negatively affected by, the rights of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future.

## ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.

None.

## ITEM 2. Properties.

## Offices and other operational facilities

We own or lease offices and other operational facilities in our service territories located in Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Pennsylvania and Ohio.

## Regulated Energy Segment

The following table presents a summary of miles of assets operated by our natural gas distribution, natural gas transmission and electric business units as of December 31, 2022:

| Operations  Miles  Natural Gas Distribution  Delmarva Natural Gas (Natural gas pipelines)  2,012  Delmarva Natural Gas (Underground propane pipelines)  19  CFG and FPU (Natural gas pipelines)  3,043  Natural Gas Transmission  Eastern Shore  517  Peninsula Pipeline  148  Aspire Energy Express  (1)  -  Electric Distribution  FPU  908  Total  6,647   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Aspire Energy Express had less than 1 mile of natural gas pipeline at December 31, 2022.

Peninsula Pipeline also has a 50 percent jointly owned intrastate transmission pipeline with Seacoast Gas Transmission, LLC ("Seacoast Gas Transmission") in Nassau County, Florida . The 26-mile pipeline serves demand in both Nassau and Duval Counties.

## Unregulated Energy Segment

As of December 31, 2022 the following table presents propane storage capacity, miles of underground distribution mains and transmission for our Unregulated Energy Segment operations:

| Operations  Gallons or miles  Propane distribution  Propane storage capacity (gallons in millions)  8.7  Underground propane distribution mains (miles)  194  Unregulated Energy Transmission and gathering (Aspire Energy)  Natural gas pipelines (miles)  2,800   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings.

See Note 20, Other Commitments and Contingencies in  the  Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated into Item 3 by reference.

## ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

## PART II

## ITEM 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

## Common Stock Dividends and Stockholder Information:

Chesapeake Utilities common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the ticker symbol CPK. As of February 17, 2023, we had 2,040 holders of record of our common stock. We declared quarterly cash dividends on our common stock totaling $2.085 per share in 2022 and $1.880 per share in 2021, and have paid a cash dividend to our common stock stockholders for 62 consecutive years. Future dividend payments and amounts are at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors.

Indentures  to  our  long-term  debt  contain  various  restrictions  which  limit  our  ability  to  pay  dividends.  Refer  to Item  8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (see Note 12, Long-Term Debt , in the consolidated financial statements) for additional information.

## Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer

The following table sets forth information on purchases by us or on our behalf of shares of our common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2022.

| Total  Number  of Shares  Purchased  Average  Price Paid  per Share  Total Number of Shares  Purchased as Part of  Publicly Announced Plans  or Programs  (2)  Maximum Number of  Shares That May Yet Be  Purchased Under the Plans  or Programs  (2)  Period  October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022  (1)  483  $  119.17  -  -  November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022  -  -  -  -  December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022  -  -  -  -  Total  483  $  119.17  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) In October 2022, we purchased 483 shares of common stock on the open market for the purpose of reinvesting the dividend on shares held in the Rabbi Trust  accounts  under  the  Non-Qualified  Deferred  Compensation  Plan.  The  Non-Qualified  Deferred  Compensation  Plan  is  discussed  in  detail  in Item  8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data (see Note 16 , Employee Benefit Plans , in the consolidated financial statements).

(2) Except for the purpose described in footnote (1) , we have no publicly announced plans or programs to repurchase our shares.

Information on certain of our equity compensation plans, for which shares of our common stock are authorized for issuance, is  included  in  the  section  of  our  Proxy  Statement  captioned  'Equity  Compensation  Plan  Information'  and  is  incorporated herein by reference.

## Common Stock Performance Graph

The stock performance graph and table below compares cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock during the five fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total stockholder return of the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 Index and  the  cumulative  total  stockholder  return  of  select  peers,  which  include  the  following  companies:  Atmos  Energy Corporation;  Black  Hills  Corporation;  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation;  New  Jersey  Resources  Corporation;  NiSource; Northwest Natural Gas Company; Northwestern Corporation; ONE Gas, Inc.; RGC Resources, Inc.; South Jersey Industries, Inc.; Spire, Inc.; and Unitil Corporation.

The comparison assumes $100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvested dividends. The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not intended to forecast the possible future performance of our common stock.

<!-- image -->

| 2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Chesapeake Utilities  $  100  $  105  $  126  $  145  $  199  $  164  Industry Index  $  100  $  107  $  127  $  106  $  121  $  133  S&amp;P 500 Index  $  100  $  96  $  126  $  149  $  191  $  157   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 6. [RESERVED]

## ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

This  section  provides  management's  discussion  of  Chesapeake  Utilities  and  its  consolidated  subsidiaries,  with  specific information on results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, as well as discussion of how certain accounting principles affect our financial statements. It includes management's interpretation of our financial results and our operating segments, the factors affecting these results, the major factors expected to affect future operating results as well as investment and financing plans. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data .

Several  factors  exist  that  could  influence  our  future  financial  performance,  some  of  which  are  described  in  Item  1A ,  Risk Factors .  They  should  be  considered  in  connection  with  forward-looking  statements  contained  in  this  Annual  Report,  or otherwise made by or on behalf of us, since these factors could cause actual results and conditions to differ materially from those set out in such forward-looking statements.

In March 2020, the CDC declared a national emergency due to the rapidly growing outbreak of COVID-19. In response to this declaration and the rapid spread of COVID-19 within the United States, federal, state and local governments throughout the country imposed varying degrees of restrictions on social and commercial activity to promote social distancing in an effort to slow the spread of the illness. These restrictions significantly impacted economic conditions in the United States beginning in 2020 and persisted throughout 2022, though to a significantly lesser extent. Chesapeake Utilities is considered an 'essential business,' which allowed us to continue operational activities and construction projects while social distancing restrictions were in place.

The expiration of the states of emergency along with the settlement of our limited proceeding in Florida concluded our ability to defer incremental pandemic related costs for consideration through the applicable regulatory process. We remain committed to providing products and services to our customers in a safe and reliable manner, and will continue to do so in compliance with any mandated restrictions in each of the markets we serve.

Earnings per share information is presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted.

The following discussions and those later in the document on operating income and segment results include the use of the term Adjusted Gross Margin which is a non-GAAP measure throughout our discussion on operating results. Adjusted Gross Margin is  calculated  by  deducting  the  purchased  cost  of  natural  gas,  propane  and  electricity  and  the  cost  of  labor  spent  on  direct revenue-producing activities from operating revenues. The costs included in Adjusted Gross Margin exclude depreciation and amortization and certain costs presented in operations and maintenance expenses in accordance with regulatory requirements. Adjusted Gross Margin should not be considered an alternative to Gross Margin under U.S. GAAP which is defined as the excess of sales over cost of goods sold. We believe that Adjusted Gross Margin, although a non-GAAP measure, is useful and meaningful to investors as a basis for making investment decisions. It provides investors with information that demonstrates the profitability  achieved  by  us  under  our  allowed  rates  for  regulated  energy  operations  and  under  our  competitive  pricing structures  for  our  unregulated  energy  operations.  Our  management  uses  Adjusted  Gross  Margin  as  one  of  the  financial measures in assessing our business units' performance. Other companies may calculate Adjusted Gross Margin in a different manner.

The below tables reconcile Gross Margin as defined under GAAP to our non-GAAP measure of Adjusted Gross Margin for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| For the Year Ended December 31, 2022  (in thousands)  Regulated Energy  Unregulated  Energy  Other and  Eliminations  Total  Operating Revenues  $  429,424  $  280,750  $  (29,470)  $  680,704  Cost of Sales:  Natural gas, propane and  electric costs  (127,172)  (162,683)  29,349  (260,506)  Depreciation &amp; amortization  (52,707)  (16,257)  (9)  (68,973)  Operations &amp; maintenance  expense  (1)  (35,472)  (29,825)  9  (65,288)  Gross Margin (GAAP)  214,073  71,985  (121)  285,937  Operations &amp; maintenance  expense  (1)  35,472  29,825  (9)  65,288  Depreciation &amp; amortization  52,707  16,257  9  68,973  Adjusted Gross Margin (Non-  GAAP)  $  302,252  $  118,067  $  (121)  $  420,198   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the Year Ended December 31, 2021  (in thousands)  Regulated Energy  Unregulated  Energy  Other and  Eliminations  Total  Operating Revenues  $  383,920  $  206,869  $  (20,821)  $  569,968  Cost of Sales:  Natural gas, propane and  electric costs  (100,737)  (106,900)  20,687  (186,950)  Depreciation &amp; amortization  (48,748)  (13,869)  (44)  (62,661)  Operations &amp; maintenance  expense  (1)  (32,780)  (24,123)  179  (56,724)  Gross Margin (GAAP)  201,655  61,977  1  263,633  Operations &amp; maintenance  expense  (1)  32,780  24,123  (179)  56,724  Depreciation &amp; amortization  48,748  13,869  44  62,661  Adjusted Gross Margin (Non-  GAAP)  $  283,183  $  99,969  $  (134)  $  383,018   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the Year Ended December 31, 2020  (in thousands)  Regulated Energy  Unregulated  Energy  Other and  Eliminations  Total  Operating Revenues  $  352,746  $  152,526  $  (17,074)  $  488,198  Cost of Sales:  Natural gas, propane and  electric costs  (91,994)  (62,780)  16,836  (137,938)  Depreciation &amp; amortization  (46,079)  (11,988)  (50)  (58,117)  Operations &amp; maintenance  expense  (1)  (31,237)  (22,914)  298  (53,853)  Gross Margin (GAAP)  183,436  54,844  10  238,290  Operations &amp; maintenance  expense  (1)  31,237  22,914  (298)  53,853  Depreciation &amp; amortization  46,079  11,988  50  58,117  Adjusted Gross Margin (Non-  GAAP)  $  260,752  $  89,746  $  (238)  $  350,260   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Operations  &amp;  maintenance  expenses  within  the  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income  are  presented  in  accordance  with regulatory  requirements  and  to  provide  comparability  within  the  industry.  Operations  &amp;  maintenance  expenses  which  are deemed to be directly attributable to revenue producing activities have been separately presented above in order to calculate Gross Margin as defined under U.S. GAAP.

## 2022 to 2021 Gross Margin (GAAP) Variance - Regulated Energy

Gross Margin (GAAP) for the Regulated Energy segment for 2022 was $214.1 million, an increase of $12.4 million, or 6.2 percent, compared to 2021. Higher gross margin reflects continued pipeline expansions by Eastern Shore, Peninsula Pipeline and Aspire Energy Express, incremental contributions from regulated infrastructure programs, organic growth in our natural gas distribution  businesses,  increased  customer  consumption,  interim  rates  associated  with  the  Florida  natural  gas  base  rate proceeding, cost recovery associated with pandemic related costs, and operating results from our acquisition of the Escambia Meter Station completed in 2021. These increases were partially offset by higher depreciation, amortization and property taxes, increased employee expenses driven by continued competition in the current labor market, higher facilities, maintenance and outside services as well as higher fuel costs.

## 2021 to 2020 Gross Margin (GAAP) Variance - Regulated Energy

Gross Margin (GAAP) for the Regulated Energy segment for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 is described in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference.

## 2022 to 2021 Gross Margin (GAAP) Variance - Unregulated Energy

Gross Margin (GAAP) for the Unregulated Energy segment for 2022 was $72.0 million, an increase of $10.0 million, or 16.1 percent  compared to  2021.  Increased  gross  margin  resulted  from  higher  retail  propane  margins  per  gallon  and  service  fees, contributions from the propane acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022, increased demand for CNG, RNG and LNG services and increased customer consumption along with higher rates for Aspire Energy. These increases were partially offset by higher depreciation,  amortization  and  property  taxes  related  to  recent  capital  investments  and  acquisitions,  increased    employee expenses driven by continued competition in the current labor market, higher costs related to facilities, maintenance and outside services and rising fuel costs.

## 2021 to 2020 Gross Margin (GAAP) Variance - Unregulated Energy

Gross  Margin  (GAAP)  for  the  Unregulated  Energy  segment  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021  compared  to  2020  is described in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated by reference.

## OVERVIEW AND HIGHLIGHTS

| (in thousands except per share data)  Increase  Increase  For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  (decrease)  2021  2020  (decrease)  Business Segment:  Regulated Energy  $  115,317  $  106,174  $  9,143  $  106,174  $  92,124  $  14,050  Unregulated Energy  27,350  24,427  2,923  24,427  20,664  3,763  Other businesses and eliminations  266  511  (245)  511  (65)  576  Operating Income  142,933  131,112  11,821  131,112  112,723  18,389  Other income, net  5,051  1,721  3,330  1,721  3,222  (1,501)  Interest charges  24,356  20,135  4,221  20,135  21,765  (1,630)  Income from Continuing Operations  Before Income Taxes  123,628  112,698  10,930  112,698  94,180  18,518  Income Taxes on Continuing Operations  33,832  29,231  4,601  29,231  23,538  5,693  Income from Continuing Operations  89,796  83,467  6,329  83,467  70,642  12,825  Income (loss) from Discontinued Operations,  Net of Tax  -  (1)  1  (1)  686  (687)  Gain on sale of Discontinued Operations, Net  of tax  -  -  -  -  170  (170)  Net Income  $  89,796  $  83,466  $  6,330  $  83,466  $  71,498  $  11,968  Earnings Per Share of Common Stock  (1)  Basic  $  5.07  $  4.75  $  0.32  $  4.75  $  4.28  $  0.47  Diluted  $  5.04  $  4.73  $  0.31  $  4.73  $  4.26  $  0.47   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2020 include $0.05 attributable to discontinued operations.

## 2022 compared to 2021

Key variances in continuing operations between 2022 and 2021 included:

| (in thousands, except per share data)  Pre-tax  Income  Net  Income  Earnings  Per Share  Year ended December 31, 2021 Reported Results  $  112,698  $  83,467  $  4.73  Adjusting for unusual items:  Gain from sales of assets  1,902  1,382  0.08  Interest income from federal income tax refund  826  600  0.03  Absence of CARES Act items recognized during the third quarter of 2021  -  (922)  (0.05)  Regulatory deferral of COVID-19 expenses per PSC's orders  (2,545)  (1,849)  (0.10)  183  (789)  (0.04)  Increased Adjusted Gross Margins:  Contributions from acquisitions*  10,575  7,681  0.43  Natural gas transmission service expansions*  4,399  3,195  0.18  Contributions from regulated infrastructure programs *  3,926  2,851  0.16  Natural gas growth (excluding service expansions)  3,732  2,711  0.15  Increased propane margins per gallon and fees  3,575  2,597  0.14  Increased margins related to demand for CNG/RNG/LNG services*  3,534  2,567  0.14  Increased customer consumption - Inclusive of weather  3,117  2,264  0.13  Implementation of interim rates associated with the Florida natural gas rate case  filing*  2,474  1,797  0.10  Contribution from rates associated with recovery of pandemic related costs  1,040  756  0.04  36,372  26,419  1.47  (Increased) Other Operating Expenses  (Excluding Natural Gas, Electricity and  Propane Costs):  Operating expenses from recent acquisitions  (9,586)  (6,963)  (0.39)  Depreciation, amortization and property tax costs due to new capital investments  (6,297)  (4,574)  (0.26)  Payroll, benefits and other employee-related expenses  (3,019)  (2,193)  (0.12)  Facilities expenses, maintenance costs and outside services  (1,942)  (1,411)  (0.08)  Increased vehicle expenses largely due to higher fuel costs  (1,000)  (726)  (0.04)  (21,844)  (15,867)  (0.89)  Interest charges  (4,221)  (3,066)  (0.17)  Change in shares outstanding due to 2021 and 2022 equity issuances  -  -  (0.05)  Net Other Changes  440  (368)  (0.01)  Year ended December 31, 2022 Reported Results  $  123,628  $  89,796  $  5.04   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* See the Major Projects and Initiatives table.

## SUMMARY OF KEY FACTORS

## Recently Completed and Ongoing Major Projects and Initiatives

We constantly pursue and develop additional projects and initiatives to serve existing and new customers, and to further grow our businesses and earnings, with the intention to increase shareholder value. The following table includes the major projects/ initiatives recently completed and currently underway. Major projects and initiatives that have generated consistent year-overyear adjusted gross margin contributions are removed from the table at the beginning of the next calendar year. We will add new projects and initiatives to this table once negotiations or details are substantially final and the associated earnings can be estimated.

| Adjusted Gross Margin  Year Ended December 31,  Estimate for Fiscal  (in thousands)  2020  2021  2022  2023  2024  Pipeline Expansions:  Western Palm Beach County, Florida Expansion  (1)  $  4,167  $  4,729  $  5,227  $  5,227  $  5,227  Del-Mar Energy Pathway  (1) (2)  2,462  4,584  6,909  6,980  6,903  Guernsey Power Station  -  187  1,377  1,486  1,482  Southern Expansion  -  -  -  586  2,344  Winter Haven Expansion  -  -  260  576  626  Beachside Pipeline Expansions  -  -  -  1,825  2,451  North Ocean City Connector  -  -  -  -  200  St. Cloud / Twin Lakes  -  -  -  414  584  Clean Energy  (1)  -  -  126  1,009  1,009  Wildlight  -  -  -  528  2,000  Total Pipeline Expansions  6,629  9,500  13,899  18,631  22,826  CNG/RNG/LNG Transportation and Infrastructure  7,231  7,566  11,100  11,892  12,348  Acquisitions:  Propane Acquisition  -  603  10,762  12,000  12,250  Escambia Meter Station  -  583  999  1,000  1,000  Total Acquisitions  -  1,186  11,761  13,000  13,250  Regulatory Initiatives:  Florida GRIP  15,178  16,995  19,885  19,885  19,885  Capital Cost Surcharge Programs  523  1,199  2,001  2,811  2,831  Elkton STRIDE Plan  -  26  264  354  357  Florida Rate Case Proceeding  -  -  2,474  15,362  17,153  Electric Storm Protection Plan  -  -  486  1,137  2,113  Total Regulatory Initiatives  15,701  18,220  25,110  39,549  42,339  Total  $  29,561  $  36,472  $  61,870  $  83,072  $  90,763   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes adjusted gross margin generated from interim services.

(2) Includes adjusted gross margin from natural gas distribution services.

## Detailed Discussion of Major Projects and Initiatives

## Pipeline Expansions

## Western Palm Beach County, Florida Expansion

Peninsula Pipeline is constructing four transmission lines to bring additional natural gas to our distribution system in West Palm Beach, Florida. The first phase of this project was placed into service in December 2018 and generated incremental adjusted gross margin of $0.5 million during 2022 compared to 2021. The remainder of the project was completed in the fourth quarter of 2021. We estimate that the project will generate annual adjusted gross margin of $5.2 million in 2023 and beyond.

## Del-Mar Energy Pathway

In December 2019, the FERC issued an order approving the construction of the Del-Mar Energy Pathway project. The project was placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2021. The new facilities: (i) include an additional 14,300 Dts/d of firm service to four customers, (ii) provide additional natural gas transmission pipeline infrastructure in eastern Sussex County, Delaware, and (iii)  represent the first extension of Eastern Shore's pipeline system into Somerset County, Maryland. The project generated additional adjusted gross margin of $2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The estimated annual adjusted gross margin  from  this  project,  including  natural  gas  distribution  service  in  Somerset  County,  Maryland,  is  approximately  $7.0 million in 2023 and beyond subject to further increase as the distribution system continues to build out.

## Guernsey Power Station

Guernsey Power Station and our affiliate, Aspire Energy Express, entered into a precedent agreement for firm transportation capacity whereby Guernsey Power Station will construct a power generation facility and Aspire Energy Express will provide firm  natural  gas  transportation  service  to  this  facility.  Guernsey  Power  Station  commenced  construction  of  the  project  in October  2019.  Aspire  Energy  Express  completed  construction  of  the  gas  transmission  facilities  in  the  fourth  quarter  of 2021.The project generated additional adjusted gross margin of $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and is expected to produce adjusted gross margin of approximately  $1.5 million in 2023 and beyond.

## Southern Expansion

Eastern Shore plans to install a new natural gas driven compressor skid unit at its existing Bridgeville, Delaware compressor station that will provide 7,300 Dts of incremental firm transportation pipeline capacity. The project obtained FERC approval in January 2023 and is currently estimated to go into service in the fourth quarter of 2023. Eastern Shore expects the Southern Expansion project to generate annual adjusted gross margin of $0.6 million in 2023 and $2.3 million in 2024 and thereafter.

## Winter Haven Expansion

In May 2021, Peninsula Pipeline filed a petition with the Florida PSC for approval of its Transportation Service Agreement with CFG for an incremental 6,800 Dts/d of firm service in the Winter Haven, Florida area. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline  constructed  a  new  interconnect  with  FGT  and  a  new  regulator  station  for  CFG.  CFG  is  using  the  additional  firm service to support new incremental load due to growth in the area, including providing service, most immediately, to a new can manufacturing  facility,  as  well  as  reliability  and  operational  benefits  to  CFG's  existing  distribution  system  in  the  area.  In connection with Peninsula Pipeline's new regulator station, CFG also extended its distribution system to connect to the new station.  This  expansion  was  placed  in  service  in  the  third  quarter  of  2022.  The  project  generated  additional  adjusted  gross margin  of  $0.3  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  and  is  expected  to  produce  adjusted  gross  margin  of approximately $0.6 million in 2023 and beyond.

## Beachside Pipeline Expansion

In  June  2021,  Peninsula  Pipeline  and  Florida  City  Gas  entered  into  a  Transportation  Service  Agreement  for  an  incremental 10,176 Dts/d of firm service in Indian River County, Florida, to support Florida City Gas' growth along the Indian River's barrier  island.  As  part  of  this  agreement,  Peninsula  Pipeline  will  construct  approximately  11.3  miles  of  pipeline  from  its existing  pipeline  in  the  Sebastian,  Florida,  area  east  under  the  Intercoastal  Waterway  and  southward  on  the  barrier  island. Construction is underway and is expected to be complete in the second quarter of 2023. We expect this extension to generate additional annual adjusted gross margin of $1.8 million in 2023 and $2.5 million in the years thereafter.

## North Ocean City Connector

During the second quarter of 2022, we began construction of an extension of service into North Ocean City, Maryland. Our Delaware natural gas division and Sandpiper are installing approximately 5.7 miles of pipeline across southern Sussex County, Delaware to  Fenwick  Island,  Delaware  and  Worcester  County,  Maryland.  The  project  will  reinforce  our  existing  system  in Ocean  City,  Maryland  and  allow  for  incremental  growth  along  the  pipeline.  We  expect  this  expansion  to  generate  annual adjusted gross margin of $0.2 million beginning in 2024, with additional margin opportunities from incremental growth.

## St.Cloud / Twin Lakes Expansion

In July 2022, Peninsula Pipeline filed a petition with the Florida PSC for approval of its Transportation Service Agreement with FPU for an additional 2,400 Dt/day of firm service in the St. Cloud, Florida area. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline will construct a pipeline extension and regulator station for FPU. The extension will be used to support new incremental load due to  growth  in  the  area,  including  providing  service,  most  immediately,  to  the  residential  development,  Twin  Lakes.  The expansion  will  also  improve  reliability  and  provide  operational  benefits  to  FPU's  existing  distribution  system  in  the  area, supporting future growth. We expect this expansion to be in service in the second quarter of 2023 and generate adjusted gross margin of $0.4 million in 2023 and $0.6 million in the years thereafter.

## Clean Energy Expansion

During the fourth quarter of 2022, Clean Energy Fuels ("Clean Energy") and CFG entered into a precedent agreement for firm transportation services associated with a CNG fueling station Clean Energy is constructing. We plan to install approximately 2.2 miles of main extension in Davenport, Florida to support the filling station. Construction is underway and is expected to be complete in the third quarter of 2023. Our subsidiary Marlin Gas Services, is providing interim services to Clean Energy during the construction phase of the project. The project generated adjusted gross margin of approximately $0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and is expected to contribute adjusted gross margin of approximately $1.0 million in 2023 and the years thereafter.

## Wildlight Expansion

In  August  2022,  Peninsula  Pipeline  and  FPU  filed  a  joint  petition  with  the  Florida  PSC  for  approval  of  its  Transportation Service Agreement associated with the development of the Wildlight planned community located in Nassau County, Florida. The project enables us to meet the significant growing demand for service in Yulee, Florida. The agreement will enable us to build the project during the construction and build-out of the community, and charge the reservation rate as each phase of the project goes into service. Construction of the pipeline facilities will occur in two separate phases. Phase one consists of three extensions with associated facilities, and a gas injection interconnect with associated facilities.  Phase two will consist of two additional pipeline extensions. The various phases of the project are expected to commence in the first quarter of 2023, with construction on the overall project continuing through 2025. This project is expected to contribute adjusted gross margin of approximately $0.5 million in 2023 and $2.0 million in 2024 and beyond.

## CNG/RNG/LNG Transportation and Infrastructure

We have made a commitment to meet customer demand for CNG, RNG and LNG in the markets we serve. This has included making  investments  within  Marlin  Gas  Services  to  be  able  to  transport  these  products  through  its  virtual  pipeline  fleet  to customers.To date, we have also made an infrastructure investment in Ohio, enabling RNG to fuel a third-party landfill fleet and to transport RNG to end use customers off our pipeline system. Similarly, we announced in March 2022, the opening of a high-capacity CNG truck and tube trailer fueling station in Port Wentworth, Georgia. As one of the largest public access CNG stations on the East Coast, it will offer a RNG option to customers in the near future. We constructed the station in partnership with  Atlanta  Gas  Light,  a  subsidiary  of  Southern  Company  Gas.  In  2020,  Atlanta  Gas  Light  announced  that  Chesapeake Utilities constructed and maintains the station and ensures access to CNG and RNG for the many customers expected to fuel at the station.

We are also involved in various other projects, all at various stages and all with different opportunities to participate across the energy value chain. In many of these projects, Marlin will play a key role in ensuring the RNG is transported to one of our many pipeline systems where it will be injected. Accordingly, given the overlapping role of Marlin in many of these projects, we have combined our transportation services and infrastructure related adjusted gross margin discussion into one section.

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  we  generated  additional  adjusted  gross  margin  of  $3.5  million  compared  to  2021 associated  with  the  transportation  of  CNG  and  RNG  by  Marlin's  virtual  pipeline  and  Aspire  Energy's  Noble  Road  RNG pipeline. We estimate annual adjusted gross margin of approximately $11.9 million in 2023, and $12.3 million in 2024 for these transportation related services, with potential for additional growth in future years.

## Full Circle Dairy

In  February  2023,  we  announced  plans  to  construct,  own  and  operate  a  dairy  manure  RNG  facility  at  Full  Circle  Dairy  in Madison County, Florida.  The project consists of a facility converting dairy manure to RNG and transportation assets to bring the gas to market. The first injection of RNG is projected to occur in the first half of 2024.

## Planet Found Development

In  late  October  2022,  we  consummated  the  acquisition  of  Planet  Found  Energy  Development.  Planet  Found's  farm  scale anaerobic digestion pilot system and technology produces biogas from 1,200 tons of poultry litter annually, which can be used to create renewable energy in the form of electricity or upgraded to renewable natural gas. In addition to generating biogas, Planet Found's nutrient capture system plays a major role in converting digestate into a nutrient-rich soil conditioner, which is distributed to bulk and retail markets under the brand Element Soil. The transaction will accelerate our efforts in converting poultry  waste  to  renewable,  sustainable  energy  while  simultaneously  improving  the  local  environments  in  our  service territories.  The  expertise,  technologies  and  know-how  can  be  leveraged  for  various  scale  projects  across  our  geographic footprint.

## Noble Road Landfill RNG Project

In October 2021, Aspire Energy completed construction of its Noble Road Landfill RNG pipeline project, a 33.1-mile pipeline, which transports RNG generated from the Noble Road landfill to Aspire Energy's pipeline system, displacing conventionally produced  natural  gas.  In  conjunction  with  this  expansion,  Aspire  Energy  also  upgraded  an  existing  compressor  station  and installed two new metering and regulation sites. The RNG volume is expected to represent nearly 10 percent of Aspire Energy's gas gathering volumes.

## Bioenergy DevCo

In June 2020, our Delmarva natural gas operations and Bioenergy DevCo ('BDC'), a developer of anaerobic digestion facilities that create renewable energy and healthy soil products from organic material, entered into an agreement related to a project to extract RNG from poultry production waste. BDC and our affiliates are collaborating on this project in addition to several other project sites where organic waste can be converted into a carbon-negative energy source.

The RNG source created from the organic waste from the BDC facility will be transported to an Eastern Shore interconnection, where  the  sustainable  fuel  will  be  introduced  into  our  transmission  system  and  ultimately  distributed  to  our  natural  gas customers.

## CleanBay Project

In July 2020, our Delmarva natural gas operations and CleanBay Renewables Inc. ("CleanBay") announced a new partnership to  bring  RNG  to  our  operations.  As  part  of  this  partnership,  we  will  transport  the  RNG  produced  at  CleanBay's  planned Westover, Maryland bio-refinery, to our natural gas infrastructure in the Delmarva Peninsula region. Eastern Shore and Marlin Gas Services, will transport the RNG from CleanBay to our Delmarva natural gas distribution system where it is ultimately delivered to the Delmarva natural gas distribution end use customers.

## Acquisitions

## Propane Acquisitions

On December 15, 2021, Sharp Energy acquired the propane operating assets of Diversified Energy for approximately $37.5 million net of cash acquired. There were multiple strategic benefits to this acquisition including it: (i) expanded the Company's propane  territory  into  North  Carolina  and  South  Carolina  while  also  expanding  our  existing  footprint  in  Pennsylvania  and Virginia,  and  (ii)  included  an  established  customer  base  with  opportunities  for  future  growth.  Through  this  acquisition,  the Company  added  approximately  19,000  residential,  commercial  and  agricultural  customers,  along  with  distribution  of approximately 10.0 million gallons of propane annually.

On  June  13,  2022,  Sharp  acquired  the  propane  operating  assets  of  Davenport  Energy's  Siler  City  propane  division  for approximately  $2.0  million.  Through  this  acquisition,  the  Company  expanded  its  operating  footprint  further  into  North Carolina,  where  customers  are  being  served  by  Sharp  Energy's  Diversified  Energy  division.  The  acquisition  added approximately  850  customers  and  distribution  of  approximately  406,000  gallons  of  propane  annually  to  Sharp  Energy's territory.  The financial results of this acquisition are included in Sharp Energy's Diversified Energy division given geographic proximity and other synergies within the service territory.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, these acquisitions contributed $10.8 million in adjusted gross margin and are expected to generate $12.0 million of additional adjusted gross margin in 2023 and $12.3 million in 2024.

## Escambia Meter Station

In  June  2021,  Peninsula  Pipeline  purchased  the  Escambia  Meter  Station  from  Florida  Power  and  Light  and  entered  into a Transportation  Service  Agreement  with  Gulf  Power  Company  to  provide  up  to  530,000  Dts/d  of  firm  service  from an interconnect with FGT to Florida Power &amp; Light's Crist Lateral pipeline. The Florida Power &amp; Light Crist Lateral provides gas supply to their natural gas fired power plant owned by Florida Power &amp; Light in Pensacola, Florida. We generated $1.0 million in additional adjusted gross margin in 2022 and estimate that this acquisition will generate adjusted gross margin of approximately $1.0 million in 2023 and beyond.

## R e gulatory Initiatives

## Florida GRIP

Florida GRIP is a natural gas pipe replacement program approved by the Florida PSC that allows automatic recovery, through rates,  of  costs  associated  with  the  replacement  of  mains  and  services.  Since  the  program's  inception  in  August  2012,  the Company has invested $203.2 million of capital expenditures to replace 353 miles of qualifying distribution mains, including $13.7 million and $23.6 million of new pipes during 2022 and 2021, respectively. GRIP generated additional gross margin of $2.9  million  for  the  year  ended  2022  compared  to  2021.  We  are  currently  projecting  to  complete  this  program  in  the  first quarter of 2023 and expect to generate adjusted gross margin of $19.9 million in 2023 and 2024, respectively.  The adjusted gross  margin  on  GRIP  investments  are  expected  to  continue  to  be  generated  as  we  have  included  the  investments,  and  the associated expenses, in the base rate proceeding that was filed in May 2022. See additional discussion below for further details on the Florida Natural Gas Base Rate Proceeding.

## Capital Cost Surcharge Programs

In  December  2019,  the  FERC  approved  Eastern  Shore's  capital  cost  surcharge  to  become  effective  January  1,  2020.  The surcharge, an approved item in the settlement of Eastern Shore's last general rate case, allows Eastern Shore to recover capital costs associated with mandated highway or railroad relocation projects that required the replacement of existing Eastern Shore facilities.  In 2022 there was an increase of $0.8 million in adjusted gross margin related to the program. Eastern Shore expects to produce adjusted gross margin of approximately $2.8 million in 2023 and 2024 from relocation projects, which is ultimately dependent upon the timing of filings and the completion of construction.

## Elkton Gas STRIDE Plan

In June 2021, we reached a settlement with the Maryland PSC Staff and the Maryland Office of the Peoples Counsel regarding a  five-year  plan  to  replace  Aldyl-A  pipelines  and  recover  the  associated  costs  of  those  replacements  through  a  fixed  charge rider. The STRIDE plan went into service in September 2021 and is expected to generate $0.4 million of additional adjusted gross margin in 2023 and annually thereafter.

## Florida Natural Gas Base Rate Proceeding

In May 2022, our natural gas distribution businesses in Florida (FPU, FPU-Indiantown division, FPU-Fort Meade division and Chesapeake Utilities CFG division, collectively, 'Florida natural gas distribution businesses') filed a consolidated natural gas rate case with the Florida PSC. The application included a request for the following: (i) permanent rate relief of approximately $24.1 million, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a depreciation study also submitted with the filing; (iii) authorization to make certain changes to tariffs to include the consolidation of rates and rate structure across the businesses and to unify the Florida natural gas distribution businesses under FPU; (iv) authorization to retain the acquisition adjustment recorded at the time of the FPU  merger  in  our  revenue  requirement;and  (v)  authorization  to  establish  an  environmental  remediation  surcharge  for  the purposes of addressing future expected remediation costs for FPU MGP sites. In August 2022, interim rates were approved by the  Florida  PSC  in  the  amount  of  approximately  $7.7  million  on  an  annualized  basis,  effective  for  all  meter  readings  in September 2022. The discovery process and related hearings were concluded during the fourth quarter of 2022 and briefs were submitted  in  the  same  quarter  of  2022.  In  January  2023,  the  Florida  PSC  approved  the  application  for  consolidation  and permanent rate relief of approximately $17.2 million on an annual basis. Actual rates in connection with the rate relief were approved by the Florida PSC in February 2023 with an effective date of March 1, 2023.

## Storm Protection Plan

In 2020, the Florida PSC implemented the SPP and SPPCR rules, which require electric utilities to petition the Florida PSC for approval of a Transmission and Distribution Storm Protection Plan that covers the utility's immediate 10-year planning period with updates to the plan at least every 3 years. The SPPCR rules allow the utility to file for recovery of associated costs related to  its  SPP.  Our  Florida  electric  distribution  operation's  SPP  and  SPPCRC  were  filed  during  the  first  quarter  of  2022  and approved in the fourth quarter of 2022 with modifications, by the Florida PSC. This initiative is expected to generate adjusted gross margin of approximately $1.1 million in 2023 and $2.1 million in 2024, and we expect continued investment under the SPP going forward.

## COVID-19 Regulatory Proceeding

In October 2020, the Florida PSC approved a joint petition of our natural gas and electric distribution utilities in Florida to establish a regulatory asset to record incremental expenses incurred due to COVID-19. The regulatory asset allows us to obtain recovery of these costs in the next base rate proceedings. The Company's Florida regulated business units reached a settlement with the Florida OPC in June 2021, enabling the business units to establish a regulatory asset of $2.1 million. This amount includes  COVID-19  related  incremental  expenses  for  bad  debt  write-offs,  personnel  protective  equipment,  cleaning  and business information services for remote work. Our Florida regulated business units are currently amortizing the amount over two years  effective  January  1,  2022  and  recovering  the  regulatory  asset  through  the  Purchased  Gas  Adjustment  and  Swing Service mechanisms for the natural gas business units and through the Fuel Purchased Power Cost Recovery clause for the electric  division.  This  results  in  additional  adjusted  gross  margin  of  $1.0  million  annually  that  is  being  offset  by  a corresponding amortization of regulatory asset expense, for both 2022 and 2023 .

## Other Major Factors Influencing Adjusted Gross Margin

## Weather and Consumption

Weather conditions accounted for increased adjusted gross margin of $1.5 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The following table summarizes heating degree day ("HDD") and cooling degree day ('CDD') variances from the 10-year average HDD/CDD ("Normal") for the years ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 and December 31, 2021 compared to 2020.

## HDD and CDD Information

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Variance  2021  2020  Variance  Delmarva  Actual HDD  4,088  3,849  239  3,849  3,716  133  10-Year Average HDD ("Normal")  4,147  4,182  (35)  4,182  4,294  (112)  Variance from Normal  (59)  (333)  (333)  (578)  Florida  (1)  Actual HDD  836  829  7  829  745  84  10-Year Average HDD ("Normal")  828  839  (11)  839  933  (94)  Variance from Normal  8  (10)  (10)  (188)  Ohio  Actual HDD  5,532  5,138  394  5,138  5,218  (80)  10-Year Average HDD ("Normal")  5,557  5,621  (64)  5,621  5,701  (80)  Variance from Normal  (25)  (483)  (483)  (483)  Florida  (1)  Actual CDD  2,826  2,687  139  2,687  3,078  (391)  10-Year Average CDD ("Normal")  2,929  2,952  (23)  2,952  2,931  21  Variance from Normal  (103)  (265)  (265)  147   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Prior year amounts have been revised to conform to the current period presentation.

## Natural Gas Distribution Growth

Customer growth for our natural gas distribution operations, as a result of the addition of new customers and the conversion of customers from alternative fuel sources to natural gas service, generated $3.7 million of additional adjusted gross margin in 2022. The average number of residential customers served on the Delmarva Peninsula and Florida increased by approximately 5.7 percent and 4.2 percent, respectively, during 2022. On the Delmarva Peninsula, a larger percentage of the adjusted gross margin  growth  was  generated  from  residential  growth  given  the  expansion  of  gas  into  new  housing  communities  and conversions to natural gas as our distribution infrastructure continues to build out. In Florida, as new communities continue to build  out  due  to  population  growth  and  infrastructure  is  added  to  support  the  growth,  there  is  increased  load  from  both residential customers as well as new commercial and industrial customers. The details are provided in the following table:

| Adjusted Gross Margin Increase  For the Year Ended December 31, 2022  (in thousands)  Delmarva  Peninsula  Florida  Customer growth:  Residential  $  2,045  $  938  Commercial and industrial  402  347  Total customer growth  $  2,447  $  1,285   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REGULATED ENERGY

| Increase  Increase  For the Year Ended December  2022  2021  (decrease)  2021  2020  (decrease)  (in thousands)  Revenue  $  429,424  $  383,920  $  45,504  $  383,920  $  352,746  $  31,174  Natural gas and electric costs  127,172  100,737  26,435  100,737  91,994  8,743  Adjusted gross margin  (1)  302,252  283,183  19,069  283,183  260,752  22,431  Operations &amp; maintenance  112,963  108,190  4,773  108,190  104,379  3,811  Gain from a settlement  -  -  -  -  (130)  130  Depreciation &amp; amortization  52,707  48,748  3,959  48,748  46,079  2,669  Other taxes  21,265  20,071  1,194  20,071  18,300  1,771  Other operating expenses  186,935  177,009  9,926  177,009  168,628  8,381  Operating Income  $  115,317  $  106,174  $  9,143  $  106,174  $  92,124  $  14,050   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Adjusted  Gross  Margin  is  a  non-GAAP  measure  utilized  by  Management  to  review  business  unit  performance.  For  a  more  detailed  discussion  on  the differences between Gross Margin (GAAP) and Adjusted Gross Margin, see the Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures presented above.

## 2022 compared to 2021

Operating income for the Regulated Energy segment for 2022 was $115.3 million, an increase of $9.1 million, or 8.6 percent, compared  to  2021.  Operating  income  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021  included  a  $2.5  million  reduction  in  other operating expenses resulting from regulatory deferral of certain costs associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Absent this benefit,  operating  income  increased  $11.7  million,  or  11.3  percent.    Higher  operating  income  reflects  continued  pipeline expansions  by  Eastern  Shore,  Peninsula  Pipeline  and  Aspire  Energy  Express,  incremental  contributions  from  regulated infrastructure  programs,  organic  growth  in  our  natural  gas  distribution  businesses,  interim  rates  associated  with  the  Florida natural gas base rate proceeding, increased customer consumption, cost recovery associated with pandemic related costs, and operating results from the Escambia Meter Station acquisition completed in 2021. Eliminating the benefits of regulatory asset accounting  in  2021,  operating  expenses  increased  by  $7.4  million  compared  to  the  prior  year  primarily  due  to  higher depreciation,  amortization  and  property  taxes,  increased  employee  expenses  driven  by  continued  competition  in  the  labor market, facilities, maintenance and outside services as well as vehicle expenses largely due to higher fuel costs.

Items contributing to the year-over-year adjusted gross margin increase are listed in the following table:

| (in thousands)  Natural gas transmission service expansions  $  4,399  Contributions from regulated infrastructure programs  3,926  Natural gas growth (excluding service expansions)  3,732  Contribution from implementation of interim rates approved by FL PSC  2,474  Customer consumption - inclusive of weather  1,263  Contribution from rates associated with recovery of pandemic related costs  1,040  Increased adjusted gross margin from off-system natural gas capacity sales  826  Escambia Meter Station acquisition  416  Other variances  993  Year-over-year increase in adjusted gross margin  $  19,069   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following narrative discussion provides further detail and analysis of the significant variances in adjusted gross margin detailed above.

## Natural Gas Transmission Service Expansions

We generated  increased  adjusted  gross  margin  of  $4.4  million  from  natural  gas  transmission  service  expansions  including, Peninsula Pipeline's Western Palm Beach County project, Eastern Shore's Del-Mar Energy Pathway project and the Guernsey pipeline expansion.

## Contributions from Regulated Infrastructure Programs

Contributions from regulated infrastructure programs generated incremental adjusted gross margin of $3.9 million for the year. The  increase  in  adjusted  gross  margin  was  primarily  related  to  continued  investment  in  the  Florida  GRIP,  Eastern  Shore's capital  surcharge  program,  the  Elkton  Gas  STRIDE  Plan  and  Florida's  Storm  Protection  Plan.  Refer  to  Note  18, Rates  and Other Regulatory Activities , in the consolidated financial statements for additional information.

## Natural Gas Distribution Customer Growth

We  generated  additional  adjusted  gross  margin  of  $3.7  million  from  natural  gas  customer  growth.  Adjusted  gross  margin increased by $1.3 million in Florida and $2.4 million on the Delmarva Peninsula compared to 2021, due primarily to residential customer growth of 4.2 percent and 5.7 percent in Florida and on the Delmarva Peninsula, respectively.

## Interim Rates Associated with the Florida Natural Gas Base Rate Proceeding

In August 2022, the Florida PSC approved interim rates starting in September 2022.  These interim rates contributed additional adjusted  gross  margin  of  $2.5  million.  Please  refer  to  Note  18, Rates  and  Other  Regulatory  Activities , in  the  consolidated financial statements for additional information.

## Customer Consumption - Inclusive of Weather

Increased customer consumption contributed additional adjusted gross margin of $1.3 million for the year compared to 2021.

## Contributions from Rates Associated with Recovery of Pandemic Related Costs

In July 2021, the Florida PSC approved an order that allowed us to establish a regulatory asset to recover incremental expenses we incurred due to COVID resulting in additional adjusted gross margin of $1.0 million. This adjusted gross margin was offset by a corresponding amortization of regulatory asset expense.

## Contributions from Off-System Natural Gas Sales

We generated additional adjusted gross margin of $0.8 million related to off-system natural gas capacity sales.

## Contribution from Acquisitions

The acquisition of the Escambia meter station in June 2021 contributed additional adjusted gross margin of $0.4 million.

The major components of the increase in other operating expenses are as follows:

| (in thousands)  Depreciation, amortization and property tax costs due to new capital investments  $  5,453  Absence of regulatory deferral of COVID-19 expenses per PSC's orders  2,545  Payroll, benefits and other employee-related expenses  1,214  Facilities expenses, maintenance costs and outside services  641  Increased vehicle expenses largely due to higher fuel costs  356  Other variances  (283)  Period-over-period increase in other operating expenses  $  9,926   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2021 compared to 2020

The results for the Regulated Energy segment for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 are described in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference.

## UNREGULATED ENERGY

| Increase  Increase  For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  (decrease)  2021  2020  (decrease)  (in thousands)  Revenue  $  280,750  $  206,869  $  73,881  $  206,869  $  152,525  $  54,344  Propane and natural gas costs  162,683  106,900  55,783  106,900  62,779  44,121  Adjusted gross margin  (1)  118,067  99,969  18,098  99,969  89,746  10,223  Operations &amp; maintenance  70,489  57,905  12,584  57,905  53,839  4,066  Depreciation &amp; amortization  16,257  13,869  2,388  13,869  11,988  1,881  Other taxes  3,971  3,768  203  3,768  3,255  513  Other operating expenses  90,717  75,542  15,175  75,542  69,082  6,460  Operating Income  $  27,350  $  24,427  $  2,923  $  24,427  $  20,664  $  3,763   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Adjusted  Gross  Margin  is  a  non-GAAP  measure  utilized  by  Management  to  review  business  unit  performance.  For  a  more  detailed  discussion  on  the differences between Gross Margin (GAAP) and Adjusted Gross Margin, see the Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures presented above.

## 2022 Compared to 2021

Operating income for the Unregulated Energy segment for 2022 was $27.4 million, an increase of $2.9 million compared to 2021. The higher operating income is a result of contributions from the acquisition of Diversified Energy, increased propane margins including higher service fees, increased demand for CNG, RNG and LNG services, and increased volumes from both Aspire and propane. These adjusted gross margin increases were partially offset by increased operating expenses associated with the acquisition of Diversified Energy, including costs to integrate the business in line with Sharp's operating practices, as well as increased payroll, benefits and employee related expenses driven by competition in the current labor market, increased costs for facilities, maintenance and outside services, depreciation, amortization and property taxes, as well as higher vehicle expenses largely due to rising fuel costs.

## Adjusted Gross Margin

Items contributing to the year-over-year increase in adjusted gross margin are listed in the following table:

| (in thousands)  Propane Operations  Propane acquisitions completed in 2022 and 2021  $  10,159  Increased propane margins and fees  3,575  Increased customer consumption - inclusive of weather  378  Decreased customer consumption due to conversion of customers to our natural gas system  (694)  CNG/RNG/LNG Transportation and Infrastructure  Increased demand for CNG/RNG/LNG services  3,534  Aspire Energy  Increased customer consumption - primarily weather related  1,475  Other variances  (329)  Year-over-year increase in adjusted gross margin  $  18,098   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following narrative discussion provides further detail and analysis of the significant items in the foregoing table.

## Propane Operations

- Recent propane acquisitions -  Adjusted gross margin increased by $10.2 million due to recent propane acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022.
- Increased  propane  margins  and  fees  Adjusted  gross  margin  increased  by  $3.6  million,  mainly  due  to  increased customer  service  fees,  lower  propane  inventory  costs  and  favorable  market  conditions  as  well  as  resuming  the assessment of our customary service fees. Propane margins also increased due to realized gains associated with our SWAP  agreements.  These  market  conditions,  which  include  market  pricing  and  competition  with  other  propane suppliers,  as  well  as  the  availability  and  price  of  alternative  energy  sources,  may  fluctuate  based  on  changes  in demand, supply and other energy commodity prices.
- Increased  customer  consumption  due  to  weather  Adjusted  gross  margin  increased  by  $0.4  million  due  to  higher consumption of gas as weather was 6 percent colder than the prior year.
- Decreased customer consumption due to conversion of customers to natural gas Adjusted gross margin decreased by $0.7 million due to customer conversions from propane service to the Company's natural gas distribution business.

## CNG/RNG/LNG Transportation and Infrastructure

- Increased demand for CNG services Adjusted gross margin increased by $3.5 million due to higher demand for CNG hold services for Marlin and contributions from an Aspire RNG project.

## Aspire Energy

- Increased customer consumption primarily weather related Adjusted gross margin increased by $1.5 million due to higher consumption of gas as weather in Ohio was approximately 8 percent colder than the prior year.

## Other Operating Expenses

Items contributing to the period-over-period increase in other operating expenses are listed in the following table:

| (in thousands)  Operating expenses associated with recent propane acquisitions  $  9,586  Increased payroll, benefits and other employee-related expenses  2,351  Increased facilities expenses, maintenance costs and outside services  1,110  Increased depreciation, amortization and property tax costs  848  Increased vehicle expenses largely due to higher fuel costs  570  Other variances  710  Period-over-period increase in other operating expenses  $  15,175   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2021 compared to 2020

The results for the Unregulated Energy segment for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 are described in Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is incorporated by reference.

## OTHER INCOME, NET

Other income, net was $5.1 million and $1.7 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other income, net includes non-operating investment income (expense), interest income, late fees charged to customers, gains or losses from the sale of assets for our unregulated businesses and pension and other benefits expense. The increase from 2021 to 2022 was primarily due to a higher level  of  gains  recognized  on  the  sale  of  assets  and  interest  income  received  in  connection  to  a  federal  income  tax  refund received during 2022.

## INTEREST CHARGES

## 2022 Compared to 2021

Interest charges for 2022 increased by $4.2 million, compared to the same period in 2021, attributable primarily to an increase of  $2.0  million  in  higher  interest  rates  on  outstanding  borrowings  under  our  Revolver,  $1.9  million  in  interest  expense  as  a result of a long-term debt placement in 2022 and $0.3 million of an amortization credit/reduction in interest expense associated with a regulatory liability that was established in connection with the Hurricane Michael regulatory proceeding settlement. The interest rate associated with our Revolver increased by 4.3 percent in 2022 as a result of the Federal Reserve raising interest rates. Any additional increases in interest rates by the Federal Reserve would have a corresponding increase in the interest rates charged under our Revolver.

## INCOME TAXES

## 2022 Compared to 2021

Income tax expense was $33.8 million for 2022 compared to $29.2 million for 2021. Our effective income tax rates were 27.4 percent and 25.9 percent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we implemented certain provisions of the CARES Act that allowed us to carryback net operating losses into prior year periods where the federal income tax rate was higher. The tax benefits associated with this legislation were not available for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result of the CARES Act, we recognized a $0.9 million reduction in income tax expense for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  Absent  the  provisions  of  the  CARES  Act,  our  effective  tax  rate  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2021 was 26.8 percent.

## LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our capital  requirements  reflect  the  capital-intensive  and  seasonal  nature  of  our  business  and  are  principally  attributable  to investment in new plant and equipment, retirement of outstanding debt and seasonal variability in working capital. We rely on cash generated from operations, short-term borrowings, and other sources to meet normal working capital requirements and to temporarily  finance  capital  expenditures.  We  may  also  issue  long-term  debt  and  equity  to  fund  capital  expenditures  and  to

maintain our capital structure within our target capital structure range. We maintain an effective shelf registration statement with the SEC for the issuance of shares of common stock under various types of equity offerings, including shares of common stock under our ATM equity program, as well as an effective registration statement with respect to the DRIP. Depending on our capital needs and subject to market conditions, in addition to other possible debt and equity offerings, we may consider issuing additional shares under the direct share purchase component of the DRIP and/or under the ATM equity program. Beginning in the third quarter of 2020, we issued shares of common stock under both the DRIP and the ATM equity program.

Our energy businesses are weather-sensitive and seasonal. We normally generate a large portion of our annual net income and subsequent  increases  in  our  accounts  receivable  in  the  first  and  fourth  quarters  of  each  year  due  to  significant  volumes  of natural  gas,  electricity,  and  propane  delivered  by  our  distribution  operations,  and  our  natural  gas  transmission  operations  to customers during the peak heating season. In addition, our natural gas and propane inventories, which usually peak in the fall months, are largely drawn down in the heating season and provide a source of cash as the inventory is used to satisfy winter sales demand.

Capital expenditures for investments in new or acquired plant and equipment are our largest capital requirements. Our capital expenditures were $140.7 million in 2022.

The following table shows total capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 by segment and by business line:

| For the Year Ended  December 31, 2022  (dollars in thousands)  Regulated Energy:  Natural gas distribution  $  69,799  Natural gas transmission  22,220  Electric distribution  5,535  Total Regulated Energy  97,554  Unregulated Energy:  Propane distribution  15,658  Energy transmission  7,264  Other unregulated energy  17,851  Total Unregulated Energy  40,773  Other:  Corporate and other businesses  2,355  Total Other  2,355  Total 2022 Capital Expenditures  $  140,682   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In the table below, we have provided a range of our forecasted capital expenditures for 2023:

| Estimate for Fiscal 2023  (dollars in thousands)  Low  High  Regulated Energy:  Natural gas distribution  $  89,000  $  100,000  Natural gas transmission  50,000  60,000  Electric distribution  13,000  15,000  Total Regulated Energy  152,000  175,000  Unregulated Energy:  Propane distribution  15,000  16,000  Energy transmission  8,000  9,000  Other unregulated energy  23,000  27,000  Total Unregulated Energy  46,000  52,000  Other:  Corporate and other businesses  2,000  3,000  Total Other  2,000  3,000  Total 2023 Forecasted Capital Expenditures  $  200,000  $  230,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The 2023 forecast, which excludes potential acquisitions due to their opportunistic nature, includes capital expenditures for the following:  Pipeline expansions related to the  Eastern Shore Southern expansion, Florida Beachside Pipeline, the Wildlight pipeline expansion, other small pipeline expansion opportunities, continued distribution system expansions including further expansion in Somerset County, Maryland and the Wildlight development in Florida.  Furthermore, the 2023 forecast includes continued expenditures under the Florida GRIP, the capital cost surcharge program and the Elkton Gas STRIDE program as well as  information technology system enhancements and other strategic initiatives and investments.

The capital expenditure projection is subject to continuous review and modification. Actual capital requirements may vary from the  above  estimates  due  to  a  number  of  factors,  including  changing  economic  conditions,  supply  chain  disruptions,  capital delays  that  are  greater  than  currently  anticipated,  customer  growth  in  existing  areas,  regulation,  new  growth  or  acquisition opportunities  and  availability  of  capital  and  other  factors  discussed  in  Item  1A. Risk  Factors .  Historically,  actual  capital expenditures have typically lagged behind the budgeted amounts.

The timing of capital expenditures can vary based on delays in regulatory approvals, securing environmental approvals and other permits. The regulatory application and approval process has lengthened in the past few years, and we expect this trend to continue.

## Capital Structure

We are committed to maintaining a sound capital structure and strong credit ratings. This commitment, along with adequate and timely rate relief for our regulated energy operations, is intended to ensure our ability to attract capital from outside sources at a reasonable cost, which will benefit our customers, creditors, employees and stockholders.

The following tables present our capitalization, excluding and including short-term borrowings, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (in thousands)  Long-term debt, net of current maturities  $  578,388  41 %  $  549,903  42 %  Stockholders' equity  832,801  59 %  774,130  58 %  Total capitalization, excluding short-term borrowings  $  1,411,189  100 %  $  1,324,033  100 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (in thousands)  Short-term debt  $  202,157  12 %  $  221,634  14 %  Long-term debt, including current maturities  599,871  37 %  567,866  36 %  Stockholders' equity  832,801  51 %  774,130  50 %  Total capitalization, including short-term borrowings  $  1,634,829  100 %  $  1,563,630  100 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our target ratio of equity to total capitalization, including short-term borrowings, is between 50 and 60 percent. We seek to align permanent financing with the in-service dates of capital projects. We may utilize more temporary short-term debt when the financing cost is attractive as a bridge to the permanent long-term financing or if the equity markets are volatile.

In  2021,  we  issued  approximately 0.1 million shares at an average price per share of $125.71 and received net proceeds of $15.2 million under the DRIP. In 2022, we issued less than 0.1 million shares at an average price per share of $136.26 and received  net  proceeds  of  $4.5  million  under  the  DRIP.  See  Note  15, Stockholders'  Equity ,  in  the  consolidated  financial statements for additional information on commissions and fees paid in connection with these issuances.

## Uncollateralized Senior Notes

All of our Senior Notes require periodic principal and interest payments as specified in each note. They also contain various restrictions.  The  most  stringent  restrictions  state  that  we  must  maintain  equity  of  at  least  40  percent  of  total  capitalization (including short-term borrowings), and the fixed charge coverage ratio must be at least 1.2 times. The most recent Senior Notes issued  since  September  2013  also  contain  a  restriction  that  we  must  maintain  an  aggregate  net  book  value  in  our  regulated business assets of at least 50 percent of our consolidated total assets. Failure to comply with those covenants could result in accelerated due dates and/or termination of the Senior Note agreements.

Certain Uncollateralized Senior Notes contain a 'restricted payments' covenant as defined in the respective note agreements. The  most  restrictive  covenants  of  this  type  are  included  within  the  5.93  percent  Senior  Note,  due  October  31,  2023.  The covenant provides that we cannot pay or declare any dividends or make any other restricted payments in excess of the sum of $10.0 million, plus our consolidated net income accrued on and after January 1, 2003. As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative consolidated net income base was $754.2 million, offset by restricted payments of $326.4 million, leaving $427.8 million of cumulative net income free of restrictions.

## Shelf Agreements

We have entered into Shelf Agreements with Prudential and MetLife, whom are under no obligation to purchase any unsecured debt. The following table summarizes our Shelf Agreements at December 31, 2022:

| Total  Borrowing  Capacity  Less: Amount  of Debt  Issued  Less:  Unfunded  Commitments  Remaining  Borrowing  Capacity  Shelf Agreement  (1)  (in thousands)  Prudential Shelf Agreement  (2)  $  370,000  $  (220,000)  (80,000)  $  70,000  MetLife Shelf Agreement  150,000  (50,000)  -  100,000  Total  $  520,000  $  (270,000)  $  (80,000)  $  170,000  $   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The amended Prudential and MetLife Shelf Agreements both expire in February 2026.

(2) Unfunded commitments of $80.0 million reflects Senior Notes expected to be issued on or before March 14, 2023.

In February 2023, we amended our Shelf Agreements with Prudential and MetLife. The amended agreements now provide for total borrowing capacity of up to $405.0 million under the Prudential Shelf Agreement and $200.0 million under the MetLife Shelf  Agreement.  Additionally,  the  amendments  extend  the  term  of  the  agreements  for  an  additional  three  years  from  the effective dates.

The Uncollateralized Senior Notes, Shelf Agreements and Shelf Notes set forth certain business covenants to which we are subject when any note is outstanding, including covenants that limit or restrict our ability, and the ability of our subsidiaries, to incur indebtedness, or place or permit liens and encumbrances on any of our property or the property of our subsidiaries.

## Short-Term Borrowings

We are authorized by our Board of Directors to borrow up to $400.0 million of short-term debt, as required. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had $202.2 million and $221.6 million, respectively, of short-term borrowings outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of 5.04 percent and 0.83 percent, respectively.

In  August  2021,  we  amended  and  restated  our  Revolver  into  a  multi-tranche  facility  totaling  $400.0  million  with  multiple participating lenders. The two tranches of the facility consist of a $200.0 million 364-day short-term debt tranche and a $200.0 million  five-year  tranche,  both  of  which  have  three  (3)  one-year  extension  options,  which  can  be  authorized  by  our  Chief Financial Officer. We are eligible to establish the repayment term for individual borrowings under the five-year tranche of the Revolver and to the extent that an individual loan under the Revolver exceeded 12 months, the outstanding balance would be classified as a component of long-term debt.

In August 2022, we amended both tranches of the Revolver, which now bear interest using SOFR as the benchmark interest rate, plus a 10-basis point SOFR adjustment, in lieu of LIBOR which is being retired by financial institutions. In addition, the 364-day tranche was extended for the upcoming year, expiring in August 2023. As part of these amendments, the parties agreed to  eliminate  the  previous  covenant  capping  the  aggregate  investments  at  $150.0  million  where  we  maintain  an  ownership interest less than 50 percent. Additionally, the 364-day tranche of the facility now offers a reduced interest margin similar to the five-year  tranche  for  amounts  borrowed  in  connection  with  new  sustainable  investments.  All  other  terms  and  conditions remained unchanged. Borrowings outstanding under the sustainable investment sublimit of the 364-day tranche amounted to $9.4 million at December 31, 2022.

The availability of funds under the Revolver is subject to conditions specified in the credit agreement, all of which we currently satisfy. These conditions include our compliance with financial covenants and the continued accuracy of representations and warranties contained in the Revolver's loan documents. We are required by the financial covenants in the Revolver to maintain, at the end of each fiscal year, a funded indebtedness ratio of no greater than 65 percent. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with this covenant.

The 364-day tranche of the Revolver expires in August 2023 and the five-year tranche expires in August 2026, both of which are available to fund our short-term cash needs to meet seasonal working capital requirements and to temporarily fund portions of  our  capital  expenditures.  Borrowings  under  both  tranches  of  the  Revolver  are  subject  to  a  pricing  grid,  including  the commitment fee and the interest rate charged based upon our total indebtedness to total capitalization ratio for the prior quarter. As of December 31, 2022, the pricing under the 364-day tranche of the Revolver does not include an unused commitment fee and maintains an interest rate of 70 basis points over SOFR plus a 10 basis point SOFR adjustment. As of December 31, 2022, the pricing under the five-year tranche of the Revolver included an unused commitment fee of 9 basis points and an interest rate of 95 basis points over SOFR plus a 10 basis point SOFR adjustment.

Our total available credit under the Revolver at December 31, 2022 was $192.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued $5.8 million in letters of credit to various counterparties under the syndicated Revolver. These letters of credit are not

included in the outstanding short-term borrowings and we do not anticipate they will be drawn upon by the counterparties. The letters of credit reduce the available borrowings under the Revolver.

In  the  fourth  quarter  of  2020,  we  entered  into  two  $30.0  million  interest  rate  swaps  with  a  total  notional  amount  of  $60.0 million through December 2021 with pricing of 0.20 percent and 0.205 percent for the period associated with our outstanding borrowing under the Revolver. In February 2021, we entered into an additional interest rate swap with a notional amount of $40.0 million through December 2021 with pricing of 0.17 percent. In the third quarter of 2022, we entered into an interest rate swap with a notional amount of $50.0 million through September 30, 2025 at a price of 3.98 percent.

Key  statistics  regarding  our  unsecured  short-term  credit  facilities  (our  Revolver  and  previous  bilateral  lines  of  credit  and revolving credit facility) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| (in thousands)  2022  2021  2020  Average borrowings during the year  $  170,434  $  182,305  $  230,526  Weighted average interest rate for the year  2.49 %  1.03 %  1.50 %  Maximum month-end borrowings  $  225,050  $  226,097  $  284,914   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash Flows

The following table provides a summary of our operating, investing and financing cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Net cash provided by (used in):  Operating activities  $  158,882  $  150,504  $  158,916  Investing activities  (136,448)  (223,023)  (181,631)  Financing activities  (21,206)  73,996  19,229  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  1,228  1,477  (3,486)  Cash and cash equivalents-beginning of period  4,976  3,499  6,985  Cash and cash equivalents-end of period  $  6,204  $  4,976  $  3,499   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities

Changes in our cash flows from operating activities are attributable primarily to changes in net income, adjusted for non-cash items,  such  as  depreciation  and  changes  in  deferred  income  taxes,  and  changes  in  working  capital.  Working  capital requirements are determined by a variety of factors, including weather, the prices of natural gas, electricity and propane, the timing of customer collections, payments for purchases of natural gas, electricity and propane, and deferred fuel cost recoveries.

We normally generate a large portion of our annual net income and related increases in our accounts receivable in the first and fourth  quarters  of  each  year  due  to  significant  volumes  of  natural  gas  and  propane  delivered  to  customers  during  the  peak heating season by our natural gas and propane operations and our natural gas supply, gathering and processing operation. In addition, our natural gas and propane inventories, which usually peak in the fall months, are largely drawn down in the heating season and provide a source of cash as the inventory is used to satisfy winter sales demand.

During 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was $158.9 million.  Operating cash flows were primarily impacted by the following:

- Net income, adjusted for non-cash adjustments, provided a $169.4 million source of cash;
- An increased level of deferred taxes associated with incremental tax depreciation from growth investments resulted in a source of cash of $23.7 million;
- A decrease in income tax receivables increased cash inflows by $14.9 million.
- Changes in net regulatory assets and liabilities due primarily to the change in fuel costs collected through the various cost recovery mechanisms resulted in a $38.7 million use of cash; and
- Other working capital changes, impacted primarily by propane inventory purchases and hedging activities, resulted in a $10.5 million use of cash.

## Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities totaled $136.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Key investing activities contributing to the cash flow change included:

- Cash used to pay for capital expenditures was $128.3 million for 2022; and
- Net cash of $11.8 million was used to acquire Planet Found and Davenport in 2022.

## Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities totaled $21.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.  This use of cash included:

- A use of cash of $35.1 million for dividend payments in 2022;
- Repayments under lines of credit resulted in a use of cash of $20.6 million;
- Net increase in long-term debt borrowings resulted in a net source of cash of $31.9 million to permanently finance investment  in  growth  initiatives,  including  $49.9  million  from  issuances,  offset  by  long-term  repayments  of  $18.0 million; and
- Source of cash of $4.5 million from issuance of stock under the DRIP.

## CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

We have the following contractual obligations and other commercial commitments as of December 31, 2022:

| Payments Due by Period  Contractual Obligations  2023  2024-2025  2026-2027  After 2027  Total  (in thousands)  Long-term debt  (1)  $  21,483  $  44,033  $  66,225  $  469,076  $  600,817  Operating leases  (2)  2,871  4,707  3,213  6,192  16,983  Purchase obligations  (3)  Transmission capacity  36,653  69,127  57,565  125,227  288,572  Storage capacity  1,281  801  801  100  2,983  Commodities  39,181  -  -  -  39,181  Electric supply  6,406  12,887  12,961  19,441  51,695  Unfunded benefits  (4)  268  542  530  1,134  2,474  Funded benefits  (5)  1,539  3,078  3,078  2,856  10,551  Total Contractual Obligations  $  109,682  $  135,175  $  144,373  $  624,026  $  1,013,256   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) This represents principal payments on long-term debt. See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 12 , Long-Term Debt , for additional information. The expected interest payments on long-term debt are $19.9 million, $37.4 million, $33.6 million and $89.8 million, respectively, for the periods indicated above. Expected interest payments for all periods total $180.7 million.

(2) See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 14 , Leases , for additional information.

(3) See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 20 , Other Commitments and Contingencies , for additional information.

(4) These amounts associated with our unfunded post-employment and post-retirement benefit plans are based on expected payments to current retirees and assume a retirement age of 62 for currently active employees. There are many factors that would cause actual payments to differ from these amounts, including early  retirement,  future  health  care  costs  that  differ  from  past  experience  and  discount  rates  implicit  in  calculations.  See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16 , Employee Benefit Plan s, for additional information on the plans.

(5) We have recorded long-term liabilities of $3.7 million at December 31, 2022 for the FPU qualified, defined benefit pension plan. The assets funding this plan is in a separate trust and is not considered assets of ours or included in our balance sheets. We do not expect to make payments to the trust funds in 2023. Additional contributions may be required in future years based on the actual return earned by the plan assets and other actuarial assumptions, such as the discount rate and long-term expected rate of return on plan assets. See Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16 , Employee Benefit Plan s, for further information on the plans. Additionally, the Contractual Obligations table above includes deferred compensation obligations totaling $10.6 million, funded with Rabbi Trust assets in the same amount. The Rabbi Trust assets are recorded under Investments on the consolidated balance sheets. We assume a retirement age of 65 for purposes of distribution from this trust.

## OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

Our Board of Directors has authorized us to issue corporate guarantees securing obligations of our subsidiaries and to obtain letters of credit securing our subsidiaries' obligations. The maximum authorized liability under such guarantees and letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 was $20.0 million. The aggregate amount guaranteed at December 31, 2022 was approximately $13.5 million with the guarantees expiring on various dates through November 30, 2023.  In addition, the Board has authorized us to issue specific purpose corporate guarantees. The amount of specific purpose guarantees outstanding at December 31, 2022 was $11.1 million, including a guarantee issued in July 2022 in the amount of $7.1 million associated with the Florida natural gas rate case.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  have  issued  letters  of  credit  totaling  approximately  $5.8  million  related  to  the  electric transmission services for FPU's electric division, the firm transportation service agreement between TETLP and our Delaware and Maryland divisions, the capacity agreement between NEXUS and Aspire, and our current and previous primary insurance carriers. These letters of credit have various expiration dates through October 25, 2023. There have been no draws on these letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. We do not anticipate that the counterparties will draw upon these letters of credit, and we  expect  that  they  will  be  renewed  to  the  extent  necessary  in  the  future.  Additional  information  is  presented  in Item  8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 20 , Other Commitments and Contingencies in the consolidated financial statements.

## CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

We prepare our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Application of these accounting principles requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingencies during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are  believed  to  be  reasonable  under  the  circumstances,  the  results  of  which  form  the  basis  for  making  judgments  about  the carrying  value  of  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  Since  a  significant  portion  of  our businesses  are  regulated  and  the  accounting  methods  used  by  these  businesses  must  comply  with  the  requirements  of  the regulatory  bodies,  the  choices  available  are  limited  by  these  regulatory  requirements.  In  the  normal  course  of  business, estimated amounts are subsequently adjusted to actual results that may differ from the estimates.

## Regulatory Assets and Liabilities

As a result of the ratemaking process, we record certain assets and liabilities in accordance with ASC Topic 980, Regulated Operations ,  and consequently, the accounting principles applied by our regulated energy businesses differ in certain respects from those applied by the unregulated businesses. Amounts are deferred as regulatory assets and liabilities  when  there  is  a probable  expectation  that  they  will  be  recovered  in  future  revenues  or  refunded  to  customers  as  a  result  of  the  regulatory process. This is more fully described in Item 8 , Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 2 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the consolidated financial statements. If we were required to terminate the application of ASC Topic 980, we would be required to recognize all such deferred amounts as a charge or a credit to earnings, net of applicable income taxes. Such an adjustment could have a material effect on our results of operations.

## Financial Instruments

We utilize financial instruments to mitigate commodity price risk associated with fluctuations of natural gas, electricity and propane and to mitigate interest rate risk. We continually monitor the use of these instruments to ensure compliance with our risk management policies and account for them in accordance with GAAP, such that every derivative instrument is recorded as either an asset or a liability measured at its fair value. It also requires that changes in the derivatives' fair value are recognized in the current period earnings unless specific hedge accounting criteria are met. If these instruments do not meet the definition of derivatives or are considered 'normal purchases and normal sales,' they are accounted for on an accrual basis of accounting.

Additionally, GAAP also requires us to classify the derivative assets and liabilities based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the fair value of the assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy.

We determined  that  certain  propane  put  options,  call  options,  swap  agreements  and  interest  rate  swap  agreements  met  the specific  hedge  accounting  criteria.  We  also  determined  that  most  of  our  contracts  for  the  purchase  or  sale  of  natural  gas, electricity and propane either: (i) did not meet the definition of derivatives because they did not have a minimum purchase/sell requirement, or (ii) were considered 'normal purchases and normal sales' because the contracts provided for the purchase or sale of natural gas, electricity or propane to be delivered in quantities that we expect to use or sell over a reasonable period of time in the normal course of business. Accordingly, these contracts were accounted for on an accrual basis of accounting.

Additional information about our derivative instruments is disclosed in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 8, Derivative Instruments, in the consolidated financial statements.

## Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

We  test  goodwill  for  impairment  at  least  annually  in  December.  The  annual  impairment  testing  for  2022  indicated  no impairment of goodwill. Additional information is presented in Item 8 , Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 10 , Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, in the consolidated financial statements.

## Other Assets Impairment Evaluations

We periodically  evaluate  whether  events  or  circumstances  have  occurred  which  indicate  that  long-lived  assets  may  not  be recoverable. When events or circumstances indicate that an impairment is present, we record an impairment loss equal to the excess of the asset's carrying value over its fair value, if any.

## Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits

Pension and other postretirement plan costs and liabilities are determined on an actuarial basis and are affected by numerous assumptions and estimates including the market value of plan assets, estimates of the expected returns on plan assets, assumed discount rates, the level of contributions made to the plans, and current demographic and actuarial mortality data. The assumed discount rates and the expected returns on plan assets are the assumptions that generally have the most significant impact on the pension costs and liabilities. The assumed discount rates, the assumed health care cost trend rates and the assumed rates of retirement generally have the most significant impact on our postretirement plan costs and liabilities. Additional information is presented  in Item  8, Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data, Note  16 ,  Employee  Benefit  Plans, in  the  consolidated financial statements, including plan asset investment allocation, estimated future benefit payments, general descriptions of the plans, significant assumptions, the impact of certain changes in assumptions, and significant changes in estimates.

At December 31, 2022, actuarial assumptions include expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for FPU's pension plan of 6.00 percent and a discount rate of 5.25 percent. The discount rate was determined by management considering high-quality corporate bond rates, such as the Empower curve index and the FTSE Index, changes in those rates from the prior year and other pertinent factors, including the expected lives of the plans and the availability of the lump-sum payment option. A 0.25 percent increase or decrease in the discount rate would not have a material impact on our pension and postretirement costs.

Actual changes in the fair value of plan assets and the differences between the actual return on plan assets and the expected return on plan assets could have a material effect on the amount of pension benefit costs that we ultimately recognize for our funded pension plan. A 0.25 percent change in the rate of return would not have a material impact on our annual pension cost for the FPU pension plan.

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

## INTEREST RATE RISK

Long-term debt is subject to potential losses based on changes in interest rates. We evaluate whether to refinance existing debt or permanently refinance existing short-term borrowings based in part on the fluctuation in interest rates. The fluctuation in interest rates expose us to potential increased cost we could incur when we issue debt instruments or to provide financing and liquidity  for  our  business  activities.  We  utilize  interest  rate  swap  agreements  to  mitigate  short-term  borrowing  rate  risk. Additional information about our long-term debt and short-term borrowing is disclosed in Note 12, Long-Term Debt, and Note 13, Short-Term Borrowings , respectively, in the consolidated financial statements.

## COMMODITY PRICE RISK

## Regulated Energy Segment

We have entered  into  agreements  with  various  wholesale  suppliers  to  purchase  natural  gas  and  electricity  for  resale  to  our customers. Our regulated energy distribution businesses that sell natural gas or electricity to end-use customers have fuel cost recovery mechanisms authorized by the PSCs that allow us to recover all of the costs prudently incurred in purchasing natural gas and electricity for our customers. Therefore, our regulated energy distribution operations have limited commodity price risk exposure.

## Unregulated Energy Segment

Our propane operations are exposed to commodity price risk as a result of the competitive nature of retail pricing offered to our customers.  In  order  to  mitigate  this  risk,  we  utilize  propane  storage  activities  and  forward  contracts  for  supply  and  sales activities.

We can store up to approximately 8.7 million gallons of propane (including leased storage and rail cars) during the winter season to meet our customers' peak requirements and to serve metered customers. Decreases in the wholesale price of propane may cause the value of stored propane to decline, particularly if we utilize fixed price forward contracts for supply. To mitigate the risk of propane commodity price fluctuations on the inventory valuation, we have adopted a Risk Management Policy that allows our propane distribution operation to enter into fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or other economic hedges of our inventory.

Aspire Energy is exposed to commodity price risk, primarily during the winter season, to the extent we are not successful in balancing our natural gas purchases and sales and have to secure natural gas from alternative sources at higher spot prices. In order to mitigate this risk, we procure firm capacity that meets our estimated volume requirements and we continue to seek out new producers in order to fulfill our natural gas purchase requirements.

The following table reflects the changes in the fair market value of financial derivatives contracts related to propane purchases and sales from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022:

| (in thousands)  Balance at  December 31, 2021  Increase  (Decrease) in Fair  Market Value  Less Amounts  Settled  Balance at  December 31, 2022  Sharp  $  6,333  $  (1,262)  $  (3,564)  $  1,507   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no changes in the methods of valuations during the year ended December 31, 2022.

The following is a summary of fair market value of financial derivatives as of December 31, 2022, by method of valuation and by maturity for each fiscal year period.

| (in thousands)  2023  2024  2025  Total Fair Value  Price based on Mont Belvieu - Sharp  $  763  $  763  $  (19)  $  1,507   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## WHOLESALE CREDIT RISK

The Risk Management Committee reviews credit risks associated with counterparties to commodity derivative contracts prior to such contracts being approved.

Additional information about our derivative instruments is disclosed in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 8, Derivative Instruments, in the consolidated financial statements.

## INFLATION

Inflation affects the cost of supply, labor, products and services required for operations, maintenance and capital improvements. To  help  cope  with  the  effects  of  inflation  on  our  capital  investments  and  returns,  we  periodically  seek  rate  increases  from regulatory  commissions  for  our  regulated  operations  and  closely  monitor  the  returns  of  our  unregulated  energy  business operations. To compensate for fluctuations in propane gas prices, we adjust propane sales prices to the extent allowed by the market.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation

## Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  and  Subsidiaries  (the "Company")  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  related  consolidated  statements  of  income,  comprehensive  income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also  have  audited  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022,  based  on  criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ('COSO').

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  financial  position  of  the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also  in  our  opinion,  the  Company  maintained,  in  all  material  respects,  effective  internal  control  over  financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO.

## Basis for Opinion

The  Company's  management  is  responsible  for  these  consolidated  financial  statements,  for  maintaining  effective  internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting  based  on  our  audits.  We  are  a  public  accounting  firm  registered  with  the  Public  Company  Accounting  Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  are  free  of  material  misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such  procedures  included  examining,  on  a  test  basis,  evidence  regarding  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  consolidated financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included  evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by management,  as  well  as  evaluating  the  overall  presentation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements. Our  audit  of  internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on  the  assessed  risk.  Our  audits  also  included  performing  such  other  procedures  as  we  considered  necessary  in  the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that  (1)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts  and expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also, projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become  inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Goodwill Impairment Assessment - Energy Transmission and Supply Services (Aspire Energy), Propane Distribution and  Marlin  Gas  Services  -  Unregulated  Energy  Segment  -  Refer  to  Notes  2  and  10  to  the  consolidated  financial statements

## Critical Audit Matter Description

As described in Notes 2 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded approximately goodwill within the Unregulated Energy reportable segment as of December 31, 2022, all of which relates to the three reporting units listed above. To test goodwill for impairment, the Company uses a present value technique based on discounted cash flows to estimate  the  fair  value  of  its  reporting  units.  Management's  testing  of  goodwill  as  of  December  31,  2022  indicated  no impairment.

We determined the goodwill impairment assessment for the four reporting units listed above was a critical audit matter because the fair value estimates require significant estimates and assumptions by management, including those relating to future revenue and operating margin forecasts and discount rates. Testing these estimates involved increased auditor judgment and effort.

## How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

- We  obtained  an  understanding,  evaluated  the  design,  and  tested  the  operating  effectiveness  of  controls  over management's  goodwill  impairment  evaluation,  including  those  over  the  determination  of  the  fair  value  of  the reporting units within the Unregulated Energy reportable segment.
- We  evaluated  the  appropriateness  of  management's  valuation  methodology,  including  testing  the  mathematical accuracy of the calculation.
- We assessed the historical accuracy of management's revenue and operating margin forecasts.
- We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends, current and historical performance of each reporting unit, and other relevant factors.
- We  performed  sensitivity  analyses  of  the  significant  assumptions  to  evaluate  the  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  the reporting units that would result from changes in the assumptions.
- We evaluated whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit, including testing the Company's fair value of all reporting units, inclusive of the Regulated and Unregulated Energy reporting units, in relation to the market capitalization of the Company and assessed the results.

## /s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2007.

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 22, 2023

## Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Consolidated Statements of Income

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands, except shares and per share data)  Operating Revenues  Regulated Energy  $  429,424  $  383,920  $  352,746  Unregulated Energy  280,750  206,869  152,526  Other businesses and eliminations  (29,470)  (20,821)  (17,074)  Total operating revenues  680,704  569,968  488,198  Operating Expenses  Natural gas and electricity costs  127,172  100,737  91,994  Propane and natural gas costs  133,334  86,213  45,944  Operations  164,505  148,294  142,055  Maintenance  18,176  16,793  15,587  Gain from a settlement  -  -  (130)  Depreciation and amortization  68,973  62,661  58,117  Other taxes  25,611  24,158  21,908  Total operating expenses  537,771  438,856  375,475  Operating Income  142,933  131,112  112,723  Other income, net  5,051  1,721  3,222  Interest charges  24,356  20,135  21,765  Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes  123,628  112,698  94,180  Income Taxes on Continuing Operations  33,832  29,231  23,538  Income from Continuing Operations  89,796  83,467  70,642  Income (loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax  -  (1)  686  Gain on sale of Discontinued Operations, Net of tax  -  -  170  Net Income  $  89,796  $  83,466  $  71,498  Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding:  Basic  17,722,227  17,558,078  16,711,579  Diluted  17,804,294  17,633,029  16,770,735  Earnings Per Share of Common Stock:  Basic  $  5.07  $  4.75  $  4.23  Earnings Per Share from Discontinued Operations  -  -  0.05  Basic Earnings Per Share of Common Stock  $  5.07  $  4.75  $  4.28  Diluted Earnings Per Share of Common Stock:  Diluted  $  5.04  $  4.73  $  4.21  Earnings Per Share from Discontinued Operations  -  -  0.05  Diluted Earnings Per Share of Common Stock  $  5.04  $  4.73  $  4.26   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

## Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Net Income  $  89,796  $  83,466  $  71,498  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net of tax:  Employee Benefits, net of tax:  Reclassifications of amortization of prior service credit and  actuarial (gain) loss, net of tax of $18, $550 and $150, respectively  57  1,616  365  Net gain (loss), net of tax of $243, $93, and $(209), respectively  705  262  (578)  Cash Flow Hedges, net of tax:  Net (loss) gain on commodity contract cash flow hedges, net of tax  of $(369), $2,702 and $2,063, respectively  (934)  7,075  5,400  Reclassifications of net (gain) loss on commodity contract cash  flow hedges, net of tax of $(963), $(1,838) and $(671), respectively  (2,545)  (4,813)  (1,757)  Net gain on interest rate swap cash flow hedges, net of tax of $0,  $0, and $4, respectively  -  -  16  Reclassifications of net (gain) loss on interest rate swap cash flow  hedges, net of tax of $12, $12 and $(16), respectively  35  28  (44)  Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  (2,682)  4,168  3,402  Comprehensive Income  $  87,114  $  87,634  $  74,900   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

## Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Consolidated Balance Sheets

| As of December 31,  Assets  2022  2021  (in thousands, except shares and per share data)  Property, Plant and Equipment  Regulated Energy  $  1,802,999  $  1,720,287  Unregulated Energy  393,215  357,259  Other businesses and eliminations  29,890  35,418  Total property, plant and equipment  2,226,104  2,112,964  Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (462,926)  (417,479)  Plus: Construction work in progress  47,295  49,393  Net property, plant and equipment  1,810,473  1,744,878  Current Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  6,204  4,976  Trade and other receivables  65,758  61,623  Less: Allowance for credit losses  (2,877)  (3,141)  Trade receivables, net  62,881  58,482  Accrued revenue  29,206  22,513  Propane inventory, at average cost  9,365  11,644  Other inventory, at average cost  16,896  9,345  Regulatory assets  41,439  19,794  Storage gas prepayments  6,364  3,691  Income taxes receivable  2,541  17,460  Prepaid expenses  15,865  17,121  Derivative assets, at fair value  2,787  4,277  Other current assets  428  1,033  Total current assets  193,976  170,336  Deferred Charges and Other Assets  Goodwill  46,213  44,708  Other intangible assets, net  17,859  13,192  Investments, at fair value  10,576  12,095  Derivative assets, at fair value  982  2,799  Operating lease right-of-use assets  14,421  10,139  Regulatory assets  108,214  104,173  Receivables and other deferred charges  12,323  12,549  Total deferred charges and other assets  210,588  199,655  Total Assets  $  2,215,037  $  2,114,869   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

## Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Consolidated Balance Sheets

| As of December 31,  Capitalization and Liabilities  2022  2021  (in thousands, except shares and per share data)  Capitalization  Stockholders' equity  Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (authorized 2,000,000 shares), no  shares issued and outstanding  $  -  $  -  Common stock, par value $0.4867 per share (authorized 50,000,000 shares)  8,635  8,593  Additional paid-in capital  380,036  371,162  Retained earnings  445,509  393,072  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)  (1,379)  1,303  Deferred compensation obligation  7,060  7,240  Treasury stock  (7,060)  (7,240)  Total stockholders' equity  832,801  774,130  Long-term debt, net of current maturities  578,388  549,903  Total capitalization  1,411,189  1,324,033  Current Liabilities  Current portion of long-term debt  21,483  17,962  Short-term borrowing  202,157  221,634  Accounts payable  61,496  52,628  Customer deposits and refunds  37,152  36,488  Accrued interest  3,349  2,775  Dividends payable  9,492  8,466  Accrued compensation  14,660  15,505  Regulatory liabilities  5,031  2,312  Derivative liabilities, at fair value  585  704  Other accrued liabilities  13,618  17,920  Total current liabilities  369,023  376,394  Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities  Deferred income taxes  256,167  233,550  Regulatory liabilities  142,989  142,488  Environmental liabilities  3,272  3,538  Other pension and benefit costs  16,965  24,120  Derivative liabilities at fair value  1,630  39  Operating lease - liabilities  12,392  8,571  Deferred investment tax credits and other liabilities  1,410  2,136  Total deferred credits and other liabilities  434,825  414,442  Environmental and other commitments and contingencies (Notes 19 and 20)  Total Capitalization and Liabilities  $  2,215,037  $  2,114,869   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

## Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Operating Activities  Net Income  $  89,796  $  83,466  $  71,498  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net operating cash:  Depreciation and amortization  68,973  62,661  58,117  Depreciation and accretion included in operations expenses  11,044  10,228  9,599  Deferred income taxes, net  23,705  26,658  24,709  Gain on sale of discontinued operations  -  -  (200)  Realized (loss) on sale of assets/commodity contracts  (7,532)  (9,026)  (6,243)  Unrealized loss (gain) on investments/commodity contracts  1,817  (1,464)  (1,482)  Employee benefits and compensation  (1,111)  (53)  207  Share-based compensation  6,438  5,945  4,829  Changes in assets and liabilities:  Accounts receivable and accrued revenue  (11,159)  (1,634)  (7,426)  Propane inventory, storage gas and other inventory  (7,847)  (9,517)  1,709  Regulatory assets/liabilities, net  (38,671)  (18,464)  (4,973)  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  9,124  (1,520)  2,424  Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities  2,724  8,285  4,941  Income taxes receivable  14,919  (4,575)  7,165  Customer deposits and refunds  664  3,176  2,238  Accrued compensation  (1,231)  1,198  (2,473)  Other assets and liabilities, net  (2,771)  (4,860)  (5,723)  Net cash provided by operating activities  158,882  150,504  158,916  Investing Activities  Property, plant and equipment expenditures  (128,276)  (186,924)  (165,511)  Proceeds from sale of assets  3,860  1,033  8,080  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired  (11,766)  (36,371)  (22,231)  Proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations  -  -  200  Environmental expenditures  (266)  (761)  (2,169)  Net cash used in investing activities  (136,448)  (223,023)  (181,631)  Financing Activities  Common stock dividends  (35,147)  (31,537)  (27,161)  Issuance of stock for Dividend Reinvestment Plan  4,534  15,851  22,627  Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of expenses  -  -  60,980  Tax withholding payments related to net settled stock compensation  (2,838)  (1,478)  (977)  Change in cash overdrafts due to outstanding checks  955  (1,154)  (825)  Net borrowings (repayments) under line of credit agreements  (20,608)  46,647  (71,637)  Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt  49,859  59,478  89,822  Repayment of long-term debt and finance lease obligation  (17,961)  (13,811)  (53,600)  Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities  (21,206)  73,996  19,229  Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents  1,228  1,477  (3,486)  Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Period  4,976  3,499  6,985  Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Period  $  6,204  $  4,976  $  3,499   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures (see Note 7)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

## Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries

## Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

| Common Stock  (1)  (in thousands, except shares and per share data)  Number  of  Shares  (2)  Par  Value  Additional  Paid-In  Capital  Retained  Earnings  Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)  Deferred  Compensation  Treasury  Stock  Total  Balance at December 31, 2019  16,403,776  $  7,984  $  259,253  $  300,607  $  (6,267)  $  4,543  $  (4,543)  $  561,577  Net Income  -  -  -  71,498  -  -  -  71,498  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  3,402  -  -  3,402  Dividends declared ($1.725 per share)  -  -  -  (29,106)  -  -  -  (29,106)  Equity issuances under various plans  (5)  1,023,609  498  85,353  -  -  -  -  85,851  Share-based compensation and tax benefit  (3) (4)  34,456  17  3,876  -  -  -  -  3,893  Treasury stock activities  (2)  -  -  -  -  -  1,136  (1,136)  -  Cumulative effect of the adoption of ASU  2016-13  -  -  -  (30)  -  -  -  (30)  Balance at December 31, 2020  17,461,841  8,499  348,482  342,969  (2,865)  5,679  (5,679)  697,085  Net Income  -  -  -  83,466  -  -  -  83,466  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  4,168  -  -  4,168  Dividends declared ($1.880 per share)  -  -  -  (33,363)  -  -  -  (33,363)  Dividend reinvestment plan  (5)  147,256  72  18,176  -  -  -  -  18,248  Share-based compensation and tax benefit  (3) (4)  46,313  22  4,504  -  -  -  -  4,526  Treasury stock activities  (2)  -  -  -  -  -  1,561  (1,561)  -  Balances at December 31, 2021  17,655,410  8,593  371,162  393,072  1,303  7,240  (7,240)  774,130  Net Income  -  -  -  89,796  -  -  -  89,796  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  (2,682)  -  -  (2,682)  Dividends declared ($2.085 per share)  -  -  -  (37,359)  -  -  -  (37,359)  Issuance under various plans  (5)  39,418  19  5,273  -  -  -  -  5,292  Share-based compensation and tax benefit  (3) (4)  46,590  23  3,601  -  -  -  -  3,624  Treasury stock activities  (2)  -  -  -  -  -  (180)  180  -  Balances at December 31, 2022  17,741,418  $  8,635  $  380,036  $  445,509  $  (1,379)  $  7,060  $  (7,060)  $  832,801   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock at $0.01 par value per share have been authorized. No shares have been issued or are outstanding; accordingly, no information has been included in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity.

(2) Includes  108,143,  116,238  and  105,087  shares  at  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  respectively,  held  in  a  Rabbi  Trust  related  to  our  Non-Qualified  Deferred Compensation Plan.

(3) Includes amounts for shares issued for directors' compensation.

(4) The  shares  issued  under  the  SICP  are  net  of  shares  withheld  for  employee  taxes.  For  2022,  2021  and  2020,  we  withheld  21,832,  14,020  and  10,319  shares, respectively, for taxes.

(5) Includes shares issued under the Retirement Savings Plan, DRIP and/or ATM equity issuances, as applicable.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 1. ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

Chesapeake Utilities, incorporated in 1947 in Delaware, is a diversified energy company engaged in regulated and unregulated energy businesses.

Our regulated energy businesses consist of: (a) regulated natural gas distribution operations in central and southern Delaware, Maryland's  eastern  shore  and  Florida;  (b)  regulated  natural  gas  transmission  operations  on  the  Delmarva  Peninsula,  in Pennsylvania,  Florida  and  in  Ohio;  and  (c)  regulated  electric  distribution  operations  serving  customers  in  northeast  and northwest Florida.

Our unregulated energy businesses primarily include: (a) propane operations in the Mid-Atlantic region, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Florida; (b) our unregulated natural gas transmission/supply operation in central and eastern Ohio; (c) our CHP plant in Florida that generates electricity and steam; (d) our subsidiary, based in Florida, that provides CNG, LNG and RNG transportation  and  pipeline  solutions,  primarily  to  utilities  and  pipelines  throughout  the  United  States;  and  (e)  project development activities related to our sustainable energy initiatives.

Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Chesapeake Utilities and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. We do not  have  any  ownership  interest  in  investments  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method  or  any  interest  in  a  variable  interest entity. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. We have assessed and, if applicable, reported  on  subsequent  events  through  the  date  of  issuance  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.  Where  necessary  to improve comparability, prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.

## Effects of COVID-19

In March 2020, the CDC declared a national emergency due to the rapidly growing outbreak of COVID-19. In response to this declaration and the rapid spread of COVID-19 within the United States, federal, state and local governments throughout the country imposed varying degrees of restrictions on social and commercial activity to promote social distancing in an effort to slow the spread of the illness. These restrictions significantly impacted economic conditions in the United States beginning in 2020  and  to  a  lesser  extent  continued  throughout  2022.  Chesapeake  Utilities  is  considered  an  'essential  business,'  which allowed us to continue operational activities and construction projects while social distancing restrictions were in place. At this time, restrictions have predominantly been lifted as vaccines have become widely available in the United States. Previously existing states of emergency in all of our service territories expired during the second and third quarters of 2021 eliminating a majority of restrictions initially implemented to slow the spread of the virus. The expiration of the states of emergency along with the settlement of our limited proceeding in Florida concluded our ability to defer incremental pandemic related costs for consideration through the applicable regulatory process. We adjusted our operating practices accordingly to ensure the safety of our  operations  and  will  take  the  necessary  actions  to  comply  with  the  CDC,  and  the  Occupational  and  Safety  and  Health Administration, as new developments occur.

Refer to Note 18 , Rates and Other Regulatory Activities , for further information on the regulated assets established as a result of the incremental expenses associated with COVID-19.

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates in measuring assets and liabilities  and  related  revenues  and  expenses.  These  estimates  involve  judgments  about  various  future economic  factors  that  are  difficult  to  predict  and  are  beyond  our  control;  therefore,  actual  results  could  differ  from  these estimates.  As  additional  information  becomes  available,  or  actual  amounts  are  determined,  recorded  estimates  are  revised. Consequently, operating results can be affected by revisions to prior accounting estimates.

## Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at original cost less accumulated depreciation or fair value, if impaired. Costs include direct labor, materials and third-party construction contractor costs, allowance for funds used during construction ("AFUDC"), and  certain  indirect  costs  related  to  equipment  and  employees  engaged  in  construction.  The  costs  of  repairs  and  minor replacements  are  charged  to  expense  as  incurred,  and  the  costs  of  major  renewals  and  betterments  are  capitalized.  Upon retirement  or  disposition  of  property  within  the  regulated  businesses,  the  gain  or  loss,  net  of  salvage  value,  is  charged  to accumulated depreciation. Upon retirement or disposition of property owned by the unregulated businesses, the gain or loss, net of salvage value, is charged to income. A summary of property, plant and equipment by classification as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is provided in the following table:

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

| As of December 31,  (in thousands)  2022  2021  Property, plant and equipment  Regulated Energy  Natural gas distribution - Delmarva Peninsula and Florida  $  925,501  $  859,627  Natural gas transmission - Delmarva Peninsula, Pennsylvania, Ohio and Florida  741,865  727,277  Electric distribution  135,633  133,383  Unregulated Energy  Propane operations - Mid-Atlantic, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida  185,090  176,095  Natural gas transmission and supply - Ohio  128,620  112,050  Electricity and steam generation  36,886  36,740  Mobile CNG and pipeline solutions  38,543  32,374  Renewable energy investments  4,076  -  Other  29,890  35,418  Total property, plant and equipment  2,226,104  2,112,964  Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (462,926)  (417,479)  Plus: Construction work in progress  47,295  49,393  Net property, plant and equipment  $  1,810,473  $  1,744,878   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Contributions or Advances in Aid of Construction

Customer  contributions  or  advances  in  aid  of  construction  reduce  property,  plant  and  equipment,  unless  the  amounts  are refundable  to  customers.  Contributions  or  advances  may  be  refundable  to  customers  after  a  number  of  years  based  on  the amount  of  revenues  generated  from  the  customers  or  the  duration  of  the  service  provided  to  the  customers.  Refundable contributions  or  advances  are  recorded  initially  as  liabilities.  Non-refundable  contributions  reduce  property,  plant  and equipment at the time of such determination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the non-refundable contributions totaled $7.6 million and $6.3 million, respectively.

## AFUDC

Some of the additions to our regulated property, plant and equipment include AFUDC, which represents the estimated cost of funds,  from  both  debt  and  equity  sources,  used  to  finance  the  construction  of  major  projects.  AFUDC  is  capitalized  in  the applicable  rate  base  for  ratemaking  purposes  when  the  completed  projects  are  placed  in  service.  During  the  years  ended December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  AFUDC  totaled  $0.1  million,  $0.4  million  and  $0.7  million,  respectively,  which  was reflected as a reduction of interest charges.

## Leases

We have entered into lease arrangements for office space, land, equipment, pipeline facilities and warehouses. These leases enable us to conduct our business operations in the regions in which we operate. Our operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets, other accrued liabilities, and operating lease - liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.

Right-of-use assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to  make  lease  payments  arising  from  the  lease.  Operating  lease  right-of-use  assets  and  liabilities  are  recognized  at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on our balance sheet; we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  Our  leases  do  not  provide  an  implicit  lease  rate,  therefore,  we  utilize  our  incremental  borrowing  rate,  as  the  basis  to calculate the present value of future lease payments, at lease commencement. Our incremental borrowing rate represents the rate  that  we  would  have  to  pay  to  borrow  funds  on  a  collateralized  basis  over  a  similar  term  and  in  a  similar  economic environment.

We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components. At the adoption of ASC 842, we elected not to separate nonlease  components from all classes of our existing leases. The non-lease components have been accounted for as part of the single lease component to which they are related. See Note 14, Leases, for additional information.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Jointly-owned Pipelines

Property, plant and equipment for our Florida natural gas transmission operation included $28.3 million of jointly owned assets at December 31, 2022, primarily comprised of the 26-mile Callahan intrastate transmission pipeline in Nassau County, Florida jointly-owned with Seacoast Gas Transmission. Peninsula Pipeline's ownership is 50 percent. Direct expenses for the jointlyowned pipeline are included in operating expenses of our consolidated statements of income. Accumulated depreciation for this pipeline totaled $1.5 million and $0.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Impairment of Long-lived Assets

We periodically evaluate whether events or circumstances have occurred, which indicate that other long-lived assets may not be fully recoverable. The determination of whether an impairment has occurred is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the asset, compared to the carrying value of the asset. When such events or circumstances are present, we record an impairment loss equal to the excess of the asset's carrying value over its fair value, if any.

## Depreciation and Accretion Included in Operations Expenses

We  compute  depreciation  expense  for  our  regulated  operations  by  applying  composite,  annual  rates,  as  approved  by  the respective regulatory bodies. The following table shows the average depreciation rates used for regulated operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| 2022  2021  2020  Natural gas distribution - Delmarva Peninsula  2.5%  2.5%  2.5%  Natural gas distribution - Florida  2.5%  2.5%  2.5%  Natural gas transmission - Delmarva Peninsula  2.7%  2.7%  2.7%  Natural gas transmission - Florida  2.4%  2.3%  2.3%  Natural gas transmission - Ohio  5.0%  N/A  N/A  Electric distribution  2.8%  2.8%  2.9%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For our unregulated operations, we compute depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives of the assets:

| Asset Description  Useful Life  Propane distribution mains  10-37 years  Propane bulk plants and tanks  10-40 years  Propane equipment, meters and meter installations  5-33 years  Measuring and regulating station equipment  5-37 years  Natural gas pipelines  45 years  Natural gas right of ways  Perpetual  CHP plant  30 years  Natural gas processing equipment  20-25 years  Office furniture and equipment  3-10 years  Transportation equipment  4-20 years  Structures and improvements  5-45 years  Other  Various   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We report certain depreciation and accretion in operations expense, rather than as a depreciation and amortization expense, in the  accompanying  consolidated  statements  of  income  in  accordance  with  industry  practice  and  regulatory  requirements. Depreciation  and  accretion  included  in  operations  expense  consists  of  the  accretion  of  the  costs  of  removal  for  future retirements of utility assets, vehicle depreciation, computer software and hardware depreciation, and other minor amounts of depreciation expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we reported $11.0 million, $10.2 million and $9.6 million, respectively, of depreciation and accretion in operations expenses.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Regulated Operations

We account for our regulated operations in accordance with ASC Topic 980, Regulated Operations, which includes accounting principles for companies whose rates are determined by independent third-party regulators. When setting rates, regulators often make  decisions,  the  economics  of  which  require  companies  to  defer  costs  or  revenues  in  different  periods  than  may  be appropriate  for  unregulated  enterprises.  When  this  situation  occurs,  a  regulated  company  defers  the  associated  costs  as regulatory assets on the balance sheet and records them as expense on the income statement as it collects revenues. Further, regulators  can  also  impose  liabilities  upon  a  regulated  company,  for  amounts  previously  collected  from  customers  and  for recovery of costs that are expected to be incurred in the future, as regulatory liabilities. If we were required to terminate the application of these regulatory provisions to our regulated operations, all such deferred amounts would be recognized in the statement of income at that time, which could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

We monitor our regulatory and competitive environments to determine whether the recovery of our regulatory assets continues to  be  probable.  If  we  determined  that  recovery  of  these  assets  is  no  longer  probable,  we  would  write  off  the  assets  against earnings.  We  believe  that  the  provisions  of  ASC  Topic  980, Regulated  Operations, continue  to  apply  to  our  regulated operations and that the recovery of our regulatory assets is probable.

## Revenue Recognition

Revenues for our natural gas and electric distribution operations are based on rates approved by the PSC in each state in which they operate.  Customers' base rates may not be changed without formal approval by these commissions. The PSCs, however, have  authorized  our  regulated  operations  to  negotiate  rates,  based  on  approved  methodologies,  with  customers  that  have competitive alternatives. Eastern Shore's revenues are based on rates approved by the FERC.  The FERC has also authorized Eastern  Shore  to  negotiate  rates  above  or  below  the  FERC-approved  maximum  rates,  which  customers  can  elect  as  an alternative to FERC-approved maximum rates.

For regulated deliveries of natural gas and electricity, we read meters and bill customers on monthly cycles that do not coincide with the accounting periods used for financial reporting purposes. We accrue unbilled revenues for natural gas and electricity delivered, but not yet billed, at the end of an accounting period to the extent that they do not coincide. We estimate the amount of the unbilled revenue by jurisdiction and customer class.

All of our regulated natural gas and electric distribution operations have fuel cost recovery mechanisms, except for two utilities that  provide  only  unbundled  delivery  service  (Chesapeake  Utilities'  CFG  division  and  FPU's  Indiantown  division).  These mechanisms allow us to adjust billing rates, without further regulatory approvals, to reflect changes in the cost of purchased fuel. Differences between the cost of fuel purchased and delivered are deferred and accounted for as either unrecovered fuel cost or amounts payable to customers. Generally, these deferred amounts are recovered or refunded within one year.

We  charge  flexible  rates  to  our  natural  gas  distribution  industrial  interruptible  customers  who  can  use  alternative  fuels. Interruptible service imposes no contractual obligation to deliver or receive natural gas on a firm service basis.

Our unregulated propane distribution businesses record revenue in the period the products are delivered and/or services are rendered for their bulk delivery customers. For propane customers with meters whose billing cycles do not coincide with our accounting periods, we accrue unbilled revenue for product delivered but not yet billed and bill customers at the end of an accounting period, as we do in our regulated energy businesses.

Our Ohio natural gas transmission/supply operation recognizes revenues based on actual volumes of natural gas shipped using contractual rates based upon index prices that are published monthly.

Eight Flags records revenues based on the amount of electricity and steam generated and sold to its customers.

Our  mobile  compressed  natural  gas  operation  recognizes  revenue  for  CNG  services  at  the  end  of  each  calendar  month  for services provided during the month based on agreed upon rates for labor, equipment utilized, costs incurred for natural gas compression, miles driven, mobilization and demobilization fees.

We report revenue taxes, such as gross receipts taxes, franchise taxes, and sales taxes, on a net basis.

For our businesses with agreements that contain variable consideration, we use the invoice practical expedient method. We determined that the amounts invoiced to customers correspond directly with the value to our customers and our performance to date.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Natural Gas, Electric and Propane Costs

Natural  gas,  electric  and  propane  costs  include  the  direct  costs  attributable  to  the  products  sold  or  services  provided  to  our customers. These costs include primarily the variable commodity cost of natural gas, electricity and propane, costs of pipeline capacity needed to transport and store natural gas, transmission costs for electricity, costs to gather and process natural gas, costs to transport propane to/from our storage facilities or our mobile CNG equipment to customer locations, and steam and electricity generation costs. Depreciation expense is not included in natural gas, electric and propane costs.

## Operations and Maintenance Expenses

Operations and maintenance expenses include operations and maintenance salaries and benefits, materials and supplies, usage of vehicles, tools and equipment, payments to contractors, utility plant maintenance, customer service, professional fees and other outside services, insurance expense, minor amounts of depreciation, accretion of removal costs for future retirements of utility assets and other administrative expenses.

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

Our policy is to invest cash in excess of operating requirements in overnight income-producing accounts. Such amounts are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. Investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased are considered cash equivalents.

## Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses

Accounts receivable consist primarily of amounts due for sales of natural gas, electricity and propane and transportation and distribution  services  to  customers.  An  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  is  recorded  against  amounts  due  based  upon  our collections  experiences  and  an  assessment  of  our  customers'  inability  or  reluctance  to  pay.  If  circumstances  change,  our estimates of recoverable accounts receivable may also change. Circumstances which could affect such estimates include, but are not limited to, customer credit issues, natural gas, electricity and propane prices and impacts from general economic conditions. Accounts receivable are written off when they are deemed to be uncollectible.

Our estimate for expected credit losses has been developed by analyzing our portfolio of financial assets that present potential credit exposure risk. These assets consist solely of our trade receivables from customers and contract assets. The estimate is based on five years of historical collections experience, a review of current economic and operating conditions in our service territories,  and  an  examination  of  economic  indicators  which  provide  a  reasonable  and  supportable  basis  of  potential  future activity. Those indicators include metrics which we believe provide insight into the future collectability of our trade receivables such as unemployment rates and economic growth statistics in our service territories.

When determining estimated credit losses,  we  analyze  the  balance  of  our  trade  receivables  based  on  the  underlying  line  of business. This includes an examination of trade receivables from our energy distribution, energy transmission, energy delivery services and propane operations businesses. Our energy distribution business consists of all our regulated distribution utility (natural gas and electric) operations on the Delmarva Peninsula and in Florida. These business units have the ability to recover their costs through the rate-making process, which can include consideration for amounts historically written off to be included in rate base. Therefore, they possess a mechanism to recover credit losses which we believe reduces their exposure to credit risk. Our energy transmission and energy delivery services business units consist of our natural gas pipelines and our mobile CNG delivery operations. The majority of customers served by these business units are regulated distribution utilities who also have the ability to recover their costs. We believe this cost recovery mechanism significantly reduces the amount of credit risk. Our propane operations are unregulated and do not have the same ability to recover their costs as our regulated operations. However, historically our propane operations have not had material write offs relative to the amount of revenues generated.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our estimate of expected credit losses reflects our anticipated losses associated with our trade receivables as a result of nonpayment from our customers beginning the day the trade receivable is established. We believe the risk of loss associated with trade receivables classified as current presents the least amount of credit exposure risk and therefore, we assign a lower estimate to our current trade receivables. As our trade receivables age outside of their expected due date, our estimate increases. Our allowance for credit losses relative to the balance of our trade receivables has historically been immaterial as a result of on time payment activity from our customers. The table below illustrates the changes in the balance of our allowance for expected credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022:

| (in thousands)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  3,141  Additions:  Provision for credit losses  1,550  Recoveries  172  Deductions:  Write offs  (1,986)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  2,877   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Inventories

We use the average cost method to value propane, materials and supplies, and other merchandise inventory. If market prices drop below cost, inventory balances that are subject to price risk are adjusted to their net realizable value. There were no lowerof-cost-or-net realizable value adjustment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020.

## Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We use a present value technique based on discounted cash flows to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. An impairment charge is recognized if the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its fair value. The testing of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 indicated no goodwill impairment. Other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated economic useful lives.

## Other Deferred Charges

Other deferred charges include issuance costs associated with short-term borrowings. These charges are amortized over the life of the related short-term debt borrowings.

## Asset Removal Cost

As authorized by the appropriate regulatory body (state PSC or FERC), we accrue future asset removal costs associated with utility  property,  plant  and  equipment  even  if  a  legal  obligation  does  not  exist.  Such  accruals  are  provided  for  through depreciation expense and are recorded with corresponding credits to regulatory liabilities or assets. When we retire depreciable utility  plant  and  equipment,  we  charge  the  associated  original  costs  to  accumulated  depreciation  and  amortization,  and  any related removal costs incurred are charged to regulatory liabilities or assets. The difference between removal costs recognized in  depreciation  rates  and  the  accretion  and  depreciation  expense  recognized  for  financial  reporting  purposes  is  a  timing difference between recovery of these costs in rates and their recognition for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, these differences are deferred as regulatory liabilities or assets. In the rate setting process, the regulatory liability or asset is excluded from the rate base upon which those utilities have the opportunity to earn their allowed rates of return. The costs associated with our asset retirement obligations are either currently being recovered in rates or are probable of recovery in future rates.

## Pension and Other Postretirement Plans

Pension and other postretirement plan costs and liabilities are determined on an actuarial basis and are affected by numerous assumptions and estimates, including the fair value of plan assets, estimates of the expected returns on plan assets, assumed discount rates, the level of contributions made to the plans, and current demographic and actuarial mortality data. We review annually  the  estimates  and  assumptions  underlying  our  pension  and  other  postretirement  plan  costs  and  liabilities  with  the assistance  of  third-party  actuarial  firms.  The  assumed  discount  rates,  expected  returns  on  plan  assets  and  the  mortality assumption are the factors that generally have the most significant impact on our pension costs and liabilities. The assumed discount  rates,  health  care  cost  trend  rates  and  rates  of  retirement  generally  have  the  most  significant  impact  on  our postretirement plan costs and liabilities.

The  discount  rates  are  utilized  principally  in  calculating  the  actuarial  present  value  of  our  pension  and  postretirement obligations and net pension and postretirement costs. When estimating our discount rates, we consider high-quality corporate

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

bond rates, such as the Empower curve index and the FTSE Index, changes in those rates from the prior year and other pertinent factors, including the expected life of each of our plans and their respective payment options.

The expected long-term rates of return on assets are utilized in calculating the expected returns on the plan assets component of our  annual  pension  plan  costs.  We  estimate  the  expected  returns  on  plan  assets  by  evaluating  expected  bond  returns,  asset allocations, the effects of active plan management, the impact of periodic plan asset rebalancing and historical performance. We also consider the guidance from our investment advisors in making a final determination of our expected rates of return on plan assets.

We estimate the health care cost trend rates used in determining our postretirement net expense based upon actual health care cost experience, the effects of recently enacted legislation and general economic conditions. Our assumed rate of retirement is estimated based upon our annual reviews of participant census information as of the measurement date.

The mortality assumption used for our pension and postretirement plans is reviewed periodically and is based on the actuarial table that best reflects the expected mortality of the plan participants.

## Income Taxes, Investment Tax Credit Adjustments and Tax-Related Contingency

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  recorded  for  the  income  tax  effect  of  temporary  differences  between  the  financial statement basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted income tax rates in effect in the years in  which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are recorded net of any valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that such income tax benefits will be realized. Investment tax credits on utility property have been deferred and are allocated to income ratably over the lives of the subject property.

We account for uncertainty in income taxes in our consolidated financial statements only if it is more likely than not that an uncertain tax position is sustainable based on technical merits. Recognizable tax positions are then measured to determine the amount  of  benefit  recognized  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  We  recognize  penalties  and  interest  related  to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of other income.

We account  for  contingencies  associated  with  taxes  other  than  income  when  the  likelihood  of  a  loss  is  both  probable  and estimable. In assessing the likelihood of a loss, we do not consider the existence of current inquiries, or the likelihood of future inquiries, by tax authorities as a factor. Our assessment is based solely on our application of the appropriate statutes and the likelihood of a loss, assuming the proper inquiries are made by tax authorities.

## Financial Instruments

We utilize financial instruments to mitigate commodity price risk associated with fluctuations of natural gas, electricity and propane and to mitigate interest rate risk. Our propane operations enter into derivative transactions, such as swaps, put options and  call  options  in  order  to  mitigate  the  impact  of  wholesale  price  fluctuations  on  inventory  valuation  and  future  purchase commitments. These transactions may be designated as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges, if they meet all of the accounting requirements pursuant to ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and we elect to designate the instruments as hedges. If designated as a fair value hedge, the value of the hedging instrument, such as a swap, future, or put option, is recorded at fair value, with the effective portion of the gain or loss of the hedging instrument effectively reducing or increasing the value of the hedged item. If designated as a cash flow hedge, the value of the hedging instrument, such as a swap or call option, is recorded at fair value with the effective portion of the gain or loss of the hedging instrument being recorded in comprehensive income. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss of a hedge is recorded in earnings. If the instrument is not designated as a fair value or  cash  flow  hedge,  or  it  does  not  meet  the  accounting  requirements  of  a  hedge  under  ASC  Topic  815, Derivatives  and Hedging , it is recorded at fair value with all gains or losses being recorded directly in earnings.

Our natural gas, electric and propane operations enter into agreements with suppliers to purchase natural gas, electricity, and propane for resale to our respective customers. Purchases under these contracts, as well as distribution and sales agreements with counterparties or customers, either do not meet the definition of a derivative, or qualify for 'normal purchases and normal sales' treatment under ASC Topic 815 Derivatives and Hedging , and are accounted for on an accrual basis.

We manage interest rate risk by entering into derivative contracts to hedge the variability in cash flows attributable to changes in  the  short-term  borrowing  rates.  We  designate  and  account  for  the  interest  rate  swaps  as  cash  flows  hedges.  Accordingly, unrealized  gains  and  losses  associated  with  the  interest  rate  swaps  are  recorded  as  a  component  of  accumulated  other comprehensive  income  (loss).  When  the  interest  rate  swaps  settle,  the  realized  gain  or  loss  will  be  recorded  in  the  income statement and recognized as a component of interest charges.

## Recent Accounting Standards

There are no pending or recently effective accounting standards which have had, or are expected to have, a material impact to our consolidated financial statements or disclosures.

## 3. EARNINGS PER SHARE

The following table presents the calculation of our basic and diluted earnings per share:

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands, except shares and per share data)  Calculation of Basic Earnings Per Share:  Income from Continuing Operations  $  89,796  $  83,467  $  70,642  Income/(Loss) from Discontinued Operations  -  (1)  856  Net Income  $  89,796  $  83,466  $  71,498  Weighted average shares outstanding  17,722,227  17,558,078  16,711,579  Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations  $  5.07  $  4.75  $  4.23  Earnings Per Share from Discontinued Operations  -  -  0.05  Basic Earnings Per Share  $  5.07  $  4.75  $  4.28  Calculation of Diluted Earnings Per Share:  Reconciliation of Denominator:  Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic  17,722,227  17,558,078  16,711,579  Effect of dilutive securities - Share-based compensation  82,067  74,951  59,156  Adjusted denominator - Diluted  17,804,294  17,633,029  16,770,735  Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations  $  5.04  $  4.73  $  4.21  Earnings Per Share from Discontinued Operations  -  -  0.05  Diluted Earnings Per Share  $  5.04  $  4.73  $  4.26   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. ACQUISITIONS

## Acquisition of Davenport Energy

In June 2022, Sharp acquired the propane operating assets of Davenport Energy's Siler City, North Carolina propane division for  approximately  $2.0  million.  Through  this  acquisition,  the  Company  expands  its  operating  footprint  further  into  North Carolina,  where  customers  will  be  served  by  Sharp  Energy's  Diversified  Energy  division.  Sharp  added  approximately  850 customers, and expected distribution of approximately 0.4 million gallons of propane annually. We recorded $1.5 million in property plant and equipment, $0.5 million in goodwill, and immaterial amounts associated with customer relationships and non-compete agreements, all of which are deductible for income tax purposes. The amounts recorded in conjunction with the acquisition  are  preliminary,  and  subject  to  adjustment  based  on  contractual  provisions  and  finalization  prior  to  the  first anniversary  of  the  transaction  closing.  The  financial  results  associated  with  this  acquisition  will  be  included  within  the Company's propane distribution operations within its Unregulated Energy segment.

## Acquisition of Diversified Energy

In December 2021, Sharp acquired the propane operating assets of Diversified Energy for approximately $37.5 million, net of cash acquired. We initially recorded a $2.1 million liability related to the seller's adherence to various provisions contained in the purchase agreement which was released upon passage of the first anniversary of the transaction closing. Included with the acquisition, was approximately $1.7 million of working capital from the Seller consisting predominantly of accounts receivable and propane inventory. We accounted for this acquisition as a business combination within our Unregulated Energy Segment

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

beginning in the fourth quarter  of  2021.  In  January  2022,  we  recorded  a  post-closing  true-up  of  $0.8  million  related  to  the provision for working capital valuation at the time of closing.  In connection with this acquisition, we recorded $23.1 million in property  plant  and  equipment,  $6.2  million  in  intangible  assets  associated  with  customer  relationships  and  non-compete agreements and $5.9 million in goodwill, all of which are deductible for income tax purposes.

There  were  multiple  strategic  benefits  to  this  acquisition  including  it:  (i)  expands  our  propane  service  territory  into  North Carolina and South Carolina, (ii) builds upon our existing propane presence in Virginia and Pennsylvania, and (iii) includes an established customer base with opportunities for future growth. Through this acquisition, the Company added approximately 19,000  residential,  commercial  and  agricultural  customers,  along  with  expected  distribution  of  approximately  10.0  million gallons of propane annually.

These acquisitions generated operating revenue and operating income of $26.0 million and $1.0 million, respectively, for the year  ended  December  31,  2022.  For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  the  acquisitions  generated  operating  revenue  and operating income of $1.4 million and $0.3 million, respectively.

## Acquisition of Planet Found Energy Development

In October 2022, we acquired Planet Found Energy Development, LLC ("Planet Found") for $9.5 million. In connection with this acquisition, we recorded a $0.9 million liability which is subject to the seller's adherence to various provisions contained in the purchase agreement through the first anniversary of the transaction closing.  We accounted for this acquisition as a business combination  within  our  Unregulated  Energy  Segment  beginning  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2022.  Planet  Found's  farm  scale anaerobic digestion pilot system and technology produces biogas from 1,200 tons of poultry litter annually, which can be used to create renewable energy in the form of electricity or upgraded to renewable natural gas. The transaction will accelerate our efforts in converting poultry waste to renewable, sustainable energy while simultaneously improving the local environments in our service territories. At December 31, 2022, the operating revenues and operating income of Planet Found were not material to our consolidated results.

In connection with this acquisition, we recorded $4.4 million in intangible assets associated primarily with intellectual property and  non-compete  agreements,  $4.0  million  in  property  plant  and  equipment,  $1.1  million  in  goodwill,  and  $0.1  million  in working capital, all of which are deductible for income tax purposes. The amounts recorded in conjunction with the acquisition are preliminary, and subject to adjustment based on contractual provisions and finalization prior to the first anniversary of the transaction closing.

## 5. REVENUE RECOGNITION

We recognize revenue when our performance obligations under contracts with customers have been satisfied, which generally occurs when our businesses have delivered or transported natural gas, electricity or propane to customers. We exclude sales taxes and other similar taxes from the transaction price. Typically, our customers pay for the goods and/or services we provide in the month following the satisfaction of our performance obligation. The following table displays revenue from continuing operations by major source based on product and service type for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

| For the year ended December 31, 2022  (in thousands)  Regulated  Energy  Unregulated  Energy  Other and  Eliminations  Total  Energy distribution  Delaware natural gas division  $  82,176  $  -  $  -  $  82,176  Florida natural gas division  40,036  -  -  40,036  FPU electric distribution  81,714  -  -  81,714  FPU natural gas distribution  115,834  -  -  115,834  Maryland natural gas division  26,607  -  -  26,607  Sandpiper natural gas/propane operations  21,278  -  -  21,278  Elkton Gas  9,198  -  -  9,198  Total energy distribution  376,843  -  -  376,843  Energy transmission  Aspire Energy  -  56,225  -  56,225  Aspire Energy Express  1,377  -  -  1,377  Eastern Shore  78,624  -  -  78,624  Peninsula Pipeline  27,263  -  -  27,263  Total energy transmission  107,264  56,225  -  163,489  Energy generation  Eight Flags  -  25,318  -  25,318  Propane operations  Propane distribution operations  -  188,412  -  188,412  Compressed Natural Gas Services  Marlin Gas Services  -  11,159  -  11,159  Other and eliminations  Eliminations  (54,683)  (364)  (29,778)  (84,825)  Other  -  -  308  308  Total other and eliminations  (54,683)  (364)  (29,470)  (84,517)  Total operating revenues  (1)  $  429,424  $  280,750  $  (29,470)  $  680,704   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Total operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, include other revenue (revenues from sources other than contracts with customers) of $ 0.5 million and $0.4 million for our Regulated and Unregulated Energy segments, respectively. The sources of other revenues include revenue from alternative revenue programs related to revenue normalization for Maryland division and Sandpiper and late fees.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

| For the year ended December 31, 2021  (in thousands)  Regulated  Energy  Unregulated  Energy  Other and  Eliminations  Total  Energy distribution  Delaware natural gas division  $  71,195  $  -  $  -  $  71,195  Florida natural gas division  34,074  -  -  34,074  FPU electric distribution  78,300  -  -  78,300  FPU natural gas distribution  100,535  -  -  100,535  Maryland natural gas division  22,449  -  -  22,449  Sandpiper natural gas/propane operations  20,746  -  -  20,746  Elkton Gas  7,105  -  -  7,105  Total energy distribution  334,404  -  -  334,404  Energy transmission  Aspire Energy  -  38,163  -  38,163  Aspire Energy Express  187  -  -  187  Eastern Shore  76,911  -  -  76,911  Peninsula Pipeline  26,630  -  -  26,630  Total energy transmission  103,728  38,163  -  141,891  Energy generation  Eight Flags  -  18,652  -  18,652  Propane operations  Propane distribution operations  -  142,082  -  142,082  Compressed Natural Gas Services  Marlin Gas Services  -  8,315  -  8,315  Other and eliminations  Eliminations  (54,212)  (343)  (21,348)  (75,903)  Other  -  -  527  527  Total other and eliminations  (54,212)  (343)  (20,821)  (75,376)  Total operating revenues  (1)  $  383,920  $  206,869  $  (20,821)  $  569,968   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Total operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021, include other revenue (revenues from sources other than contracts with customers of $0.2 million and $0.4 million for our Regulated and Unregulated Energy segments, respectively. The sources of other revenues include revenue from alternative revenue programs related to revenue normalization for Maryland division and Sandpiper and late fees.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

| For the years ended December 31, 2020  (in thousands)  Regulated  Energy  Unregulated  Energy  Other and  Eliminations  Total  Energy distribution  Delaware natural gas division  $  63,389  $  -  $  -  $  63,389  Florida natural gas division  30,850  -  -  30,850  FPU electric distribution  76,863  -  -  76,863  FPU natural gas distribution  90,150  -  -  90,150  Maryland natural gas division  21,853  -  -  21,853  Sandpiper natural gas/propane operations  17,214  -  -  17,214  Elkton Gas  2,399  -  -  2,399  Total energy distribution  302,718  -  -  302,718  Energy transmission  Aspire Energy  -  27,951  -  27,951  Aspire Energy Express  16  -  -  16  Eastern Shore  75,117  -  -  75,117  Peninsula Pipeline  23,080  -  -  23,080  Total energy transmission  98,213  27,951  -  126,164  Energy generation  Eight Flags  -  16,147  -  16,147  Propane operations  Propane distribution operations  -  100,744  -  100,744  Compressed Natural Gas Services  Marlin Gas Services  -  7,818  -  7,818  Other and eliminations  Eliminations  (48,185)  (134)  (17,602)  (65,921)  Other  -  -  528  528  Total other and eliminations  (48,185)  (134)  (17,074)  (65,393)  Total operating revenues  (1)  $  352,746  $  152,526  $  (17,074)  $  488,198   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Total operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020, include other revenue (revenues from sources other than contracts with customers) of $1.4 million and $0.2 million for our Regulated and Unregulated Energy segments, respectively. The sources of other revenues include revenue from alternative revenue programs related to revenue normalization for Maryland division and Sandpiper and late fees.

## Regulated Energy Segment

The  businesses  within  our  Regulated  Energy  segment  are  regulated  utilities  whose  operations  and  customer  contracts  are subject to rates approved by the respective state PSC or the FERC.

Our energy distribution operations deliver natural gas or electricity to customers, and we bill the customers for both the delivery of natural gas or electricity and the related commodity, where applicable. In most jurisdictions, our customers are also required to  purchase  the  commodity  from  us,  although  certain  customers  in  some  jurisdictions  may  purchase  the  commodity  from  a third-party retailer (in which case we provide delivery service only). We consider the delivery of natural gas or electricity and/ or the related commodity sale as one performance obligation because the commodity and its delivery are highly interrelated with  two-way dependency on one another. Our performance obligation is satisfied over time as natural gas or electricity is delivered and consumed by the customer. We recognize revenues based on monthly meter readings, which are based on the quantity of natural gas or electricity used and the approved rates. We accrue unbilled revenues for natural gas and electricity that have been delivered, but not yet billed, at the end of an accounting period, to the extent that billing and delivery do not coincide.

Revenues  for  Eastern  Shore  are  based  on  rates  approved  by  the  FERC.  The  FERC  has  also  authorized  Eastern  Shore  to negotiate rates above or below the FERC-approved maximum rates, which customers can elect as an alternative to the FERCapproved maximum rates. Eastern Shore's services can be firm or interruptible. Firm services are offered on a guaranteed basis and are available at all times unless prevented by force majeure or other permitted curtailments. Interruptible customers receive

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

service only when there is available capacity or supply. Our performance obligation is satisfied over time as we deliver natural gas to the customers' locations. We recognize revenues based on capacity used or reserved and the fixed monthly charge.

Peninsula Pipeline is engaged in natural gas intrastate transmission to third-party customers and certain affiliates in the State of Florida. Our performance obligation is satisfied over time as the natural gas is transported to customers. We recognize revenue based on rates approved by the Florida PSC and the capacity used or reserved. We accrue unbilled revenues for transportation services provided and not yet billed at the end of an accounting period.

Aspire Energy Express is engaged in natural gas intrastate transmission in the State of Ohio. We currently serve the Guernsey power plant and our performance obligation is satisfied over time as the natural gas is transported to the plant. We recognize revenue  based  on  rates  approved  by  the  Ohio  PSC  and  the  capacity  used  or  reserved.  We  accrue  unbilled  revenues  for transportation services provided and not yet billed at the end of an accounting period.

## Unregulated Energy Segment

Revenues generated from the Unregulated Energy segment are not subject to any federal, state, or local pricing regulations. Aspire Energy primarily sources gas from hundreds of conventional producers and performs gathering and processing functions to maintain the quality and reliability of its gas for its wholesale customers. Aspire Energy's performance obligation is satisfied over time as natural gas is delivered to its customers. Aspire Energy recognizes revenue based on the deliveries of natural gas at contractually  agreed  upon  rates  (which  are  based  upon  an  established  monthly  index  price  and  a  monthly  operating  fee,  as applicable). For natural gas customers, we accrue unbilled revenues for natural gas that has been delivered, but not yet billed, at the end of an accounting period, to the extent that billing and delivery do not coincide with the end of the accounting period.

Eight Flags' CHP plant, which is located on land leased from a customer, produces three sources of energy: electricity, steam and heated water. This customer purchases the steam (unfired and fired) and heated water, which are used in the customer's production facility. Our electric distribution operation purchases the electricity generated by the CHP plant for distribution to its customers. Eight Flags' performance obligation is satisfied over time as deliveries of heated water, steam and electricity occur. Eight Flags recognizes revenues over time based on the amount of heated water, steam and electricity generated and delivered to its customers.

For our propane distribution operations, we recognize revenue based upon customer type and service offered. Generally, for propane bulk delivery customers (customers without meters) and wholesale sales, our performance obligation is satisfied when we deliver propane to the customers' locations (point-in-time basis). We recognize revenue from these customers based on the number of gallons delivered and the price per gallon at the point-in-time of delivery. For our propane distribution customers with meters, we satisfy our performance obligation over time. We recognize revenue over time based on the amount of propane consumed  and  the  applicable  price  per  unit.  For  propane  distribution  metered  customers,  we  accrue  unbilled  revenues  for propane that is estimated to have been consumed, but not yet billed, at the end of an accounting period, to the extent that billing and delivery do not coincide with the end of the accounting period.

Marlin  Gas  Services  provides  mobile  CNG  and  pipeline  solutions  primarily  to  utilities  and  pipelines.  Marlin  Gas  Services provides temporary hold services, pipeline integrity services, emergency services for damaged pipelines and specialized gas services  for  customers  who  have  unique  requirements.  Marlin  Gas  Services'  performance  obligations  are  comprised  of  the compression  of  natural  gas,  mobilization  of  CNG  equipment,  utilization  of  equipment  and  on-site  CNG  support.  Our performance obligations for the compression of natural gas, utilization of mobile CNG equipment and for the on-site CNG staff support are satisfied over time when the natural gas is compressed, equipment is utilized or as our staff provide support services to our customers. Our performance obligation for the mobilization of CNG equipment is satisfied at a point-in-time when the equipment is delivered to the customer project location. We recognize revenue for CNG services at the end of each calendar month for services provided during the month based on agreed upon rates for equipment utilized, costs incurred for natural gas compression, miles driven, mobilization and demobilization fees.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Contract balances

The  timing  of  revenue  recognition,  customer  billings  and  cash  collections  results  in  trade  receivables,  unbilled  receivables (contract  assets),  and  customer  advances  (contract  liabilities)  in  our  consolidated  balance  sheets.  The  balances  of  our  trade receivables, contract assets, and contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

| Trade  Receivables  Contract Assets  (Current)  Contract Assets  (Noncurrent)  Contract Liabilities  (Current)  (in thousands)  Balance at 12/31/2021  $  56,277  $  18  $  4,806  $  747  Balance at 12/31/2022  61,687  18  4,321  983  Increase (decrease)  $  5,410  $  -  $  (485)  $  236   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our trade receivables are included in trade and other receivables in the consolidated balance sheets. Our non-current contract assets  are  included  in  receivables  and  other  deferred  charges  in  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  and  relate  to  operations  and maintenance  costs  incurred  by  Eight  Flags  that  have  not  yet  been  recovered  through  rates  for  the  sale  of  electricity  to  our electric distribution operation pursuant to a long-term service agreement.

At  times,  we  receive  advances  or  deposits  from  our  customers  before  we  satisfy  our  performance  obligation,  resulting  in contract liabilities. Contract liabilities are included in other accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and relate to non-refundable  prepaid  fixed  fees  for  our  propane  distribution  operation's  retail  offerings.  Our  performance  obligation  is satisfied  over  the  term  of  the  respective  retail  offering  plan  on  a  ratable  basis.  For  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and 2021, we recognized revenue of $1.2 million and $1.1 million, respectively.

## Remaining performance obligations

Our  businesses  have  long-term  fixed  fee  contracts  with  customers  in  which  revenues  are  recognized  when  performance obligations  are  satisfied  over  the  contract  term.  Revenue  for  these  businesses  for  the  remaining  performance  obligations  at December 31, 2022 are expected to be recognized as follows:

| (in thousands)  2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  2028 and  thereafter  Eastern Shore and Peninsula Pipeline  $  36,472  $  33,148  $  26,890  $  23,444  $  20,536  $  167,663  Natural gas distribution operations  6,287  6,106  5,748  5,518  5,101  33,113  FPU electric distribution  652  652  275  275  275  275  Total revenue contracts with remaining  performance obligations  $  43,411  $  39,906  $  32,913  $  29,237  $  25,912  $  201,051   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

We use the management approach to identify operating segments. We organize our business around differences in regulatory environment and/or products or services, and the operating results of each segment are regularly reviewed by the chief decision maker (our Chief Executive Officer, or "CEO") in order to make decisions about resources and to assess performance.

Our operations are entirely domestic and are comprised of two reportable segments:

- Regulated  Energy .  Includes  energy  distribution  and  transmission  services  (natural  gas  distribution,  natural  gas transmission and electric distribution operations). All operations in this segment are regulated, as to their rates and services, by the PSC having jurisdiction in each operating territory or by the FERC in the case of Eastern Shore.
- Unregulated Energy. Includes energy transmission, energy generation (the operations of our Eight Flags' CHP plant), propane  distribution  operations,  mobile  compressed  natural  gas  distribution  and  pipeline  solutions  operations,  and project  development  activities  related  to  our  sustainable  energy  initiatives.  Also  included  in  this  segment  are  other unregulated energy services, such as energy-related merchandise sales and heating, ventilation and air conditioning, plumbing and electrical services. These operations are unregulated as to their rates and services.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The  remainder  of  our  operations  are  presented  as  'Other  businesses  and  eliminations,'  which  consists  of  unregulated subsidiaries  that  own  real  estate  leased  to  Chesapeake  Utilities,  as  well  as  certain  corporate  costs  not  allocated  to  other operations.

The following tables present information about our reportable segments;

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Operating Revenues, Unaffiliated Customers  Regulated Energy  $  422,894  $  381,879  $  350,853  Unregulated Energy  257,810  188,089  137,345  Total operating revenues, unaffiliated customers  $  680,704  $  569,968  $  488,198  Intersegment Revenues  (1)  Regulated Energy  $  6,530  $  2,041  $  1,893  Unregulated Energy  22,940  18,780  15,181  Other businesses  308  527  528  Total intersegment revenues  $  29,778  $  21,348  $  17,602  Operating Income  Regulated Energy  $  115,317  $  106,174  $  92,124  Unregulated Energy  27,350  24,427  20,664  Other businesses and eliminations  266  511  (65)  Operating Income  142,933  131,112  112,723  Other income, net  5,051  1,721  3,222  Interest charges  24,356  20,135  21,765  Income from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes  123,628  112,698  94,180  Income Taxes on Continuing Operations  33,832  29,231  23,538  Income from Continuing Operations  89,796  83,467  70,642  Income (loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax  -  (1)  686  Gain on sale of Discontinued Operations, Net of tax  -  -  170  Net Income  $  89,796  $  83,466  $  71,498  Depreciation and Amortization  Regulated Energy  $  52,707  $  48,748  $  46,079  Unregulated Energy  16,257  13,869  11,988  Other businesses and eliminations  9  44  50  Total depreciation and amortization  $  68,973  $  62,661  $  58,117  Capital Expenditures  Regulated Energy  $  97,554  $  139,733  $  147,100  Unregulated Energy  40,773  81,651  46,295  Other businesses  2,355  6,425  2,480  Total capital expenditures  $  140,682  $  227,809  $  195,875   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) All significant intersegment revenues are billed at market rates and have been eliminated from consolidated revenues.

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Identifiable Assets  Regulated Energy segment  $  1,716,255  $  1,629,191  Unregulated Energy segment  463,239  439,114  Other businesses and eliminations  35,543  46,564  Total identifiable assets  $  2,215,037  $  2,114,869   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES

Cash paid for interest and income taxes during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Cash paid for interest  $  24,267  $  20,809  $  22,884  Cash (received) paid for income taxes, net of refunds  $  (4,963)  $  8,395  $  (8,135)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Non-cash investing and financing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were as follows:

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Capital property and equipment acquired on account, but not paid for as of  December 31  $  13,211  $  16,164  $  23,625  Common stock issued for the Retirement Savings Plan  $  -  $  1,712  $  1,605  Common stock issued under the SICP  $  2,868  $  2,834  $  1,971   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS

We use derivative and non-derivative contracts to manage risks related to obtaining adequate supplies and the price fluctuations of  natural  gas,  electricity  and  propane  and  to  mitigate  interest  rate  risk.  Our  natural  gas,  electric  and  propane  distribution operations  have  entered  into  agreements  with  suppliers  to  purchase  natural  gas,  electricity  and  propane  for  resale  to  our customers. Our natural gas gathering and transmission company has entered into contracts with producers to secure natural gas to  meet  its  obligations.  Purchases  under  these  contracts  typically  either  do  not  meet  the  definition  of  derivatives  or  are considered 'normal purchases and normal sales' and are accounted for on an accrual basis. Our propane distribution operations may also enter into fair value hedges of their inventory or cash flow hedges of their future purchase commitments in order to mitigate the impact of wholesale price fluctuations. Occasionally, we may enter into interest rate swap agreements to mitigate risk associated with changes in short-term borrowing rates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our natural gas and electric distribution operations did not have any outstanding derivative contracts.

## Volume of Derivative Activity

As of December 31, 2022, the volume of our open commodity derivative contracts were as follows:

| Business unit  Commodity  Contract Type  Quantity hedged  (in millions)  Designation  Longest expiration  date of hedge  Sharp  Propane (gallons)  Purchases  20.0  Cash flow hedges  August, 2025  Sharp  Propane (gallons)  Sales  5.0  Cash flow hedges  December, 2023   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sharp entered into futures and swap agreements to mitigate the risk of fluctuations in wholesale propane index prices associated with  the  propane  volumes  expected  to  be  purchased  and/or  sold  during  the  heating  season.  Under  the  futures  and  swap agreements,  Sharp  will  receive  or  pay  the  difference  between  (i)  the  index  prices  (Mont  Belvieu  prices  in  December  2022 through  August  2025)  and  (ii)  the  per  gallon  propane  contracted  prices,  to  the  extent  the  index  prices  deviate  from  the contracted prices. We designated and accounted for the propane swaps as cash flows hedges. The change in the fair value of the swap  agreements  is  recorded  as  unrealized  gain  (loss)  in  other  comprehensive  income  (loss)  and  later  recognized  in  the statement  of  income  in  the  same  period  and  in  the  same  line  item  as  the  hedged  transaction.  We  expect  to  reclassify approximately $0.8 million of unrealized gain from accumulated other comprehensive income to earnings during the next 12month period ending December 31, 2023.

## Interest Rate Swap Activities

We manage interest rate risk by entering into derivative contracts to hedge the variability in cash flows attributable to changes in  the  short-term  borrowing  rates.  In  the  second  quarter  of  2020,  we  entered  into  interest  rate  swaps  with  notional  amounts totaling $100.0 million associated with three of our short-term lines of credit which expired in October 2020. Pricing on the

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

interest rate swaps ranged between 0.2615 and 0.3875 percent for the period. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we entered into additional interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $60.0 million through December 2021 with pricing of 0.20 percent and 0.205 percent for the period associated with our outstanding borrowing under the Revolver. In February 2021, we entered into  an  additional  interest  rate  swap  with  a  notional  amount  of  $40.0  million  through  December  2021  with  pricing  of  0.17 percent. In September 2022, we entered into an interest rate swap with a notional amount of $50.0 million through September 2025, with pricing of 3.98 percent.

Prior  to  August  2022,  our  short-term  borrowing  interest  rate  was  based  on  the  30-day  LIBOR  rate.  In  August  2022,  we amended  and  restated  the  Revolver  and  transitioned  the  benchmark  interest  rate  to  the  30-day  SOFR  as  a  result  of  the impending expiration of LIBOR. Our pre-2022 interest rate swaps were cash settled monthly as the counter-party paid us the 30-day LIBOR rate less the fixed rate. Our current interest rate swap is cash settled monthly as the counter-party pays us the 30day SOFR rate less the fixed rate.

We designate and account for interest rate swaps as cash flows hedges. Accordingly, unrealized gains and losses associated with the interest rate swaps are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). When the interest rate swaps settle, the realized gain or loss is recorded in the income statement and is recognized as a component of interest charges.

## Broker Margin

Futures exchanges have contract specific margin requirements that require the posting of cash or cash equivalents relating to traded  contracts.  Margin  requirements  consist  of  initial  margin  that  is  posted  upon  the  initiation  of  a  position,  maintenance margin that is usually expressed as a percent of initial margin, and variation margin that fluctuates based on the daily mark-tomarket relative to maintenance margin requirements. We currently maintain a broker margin account for Sharp included within our Other Current Liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet, the balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was $0.1 million and $4.1 million, respectively.

## Financial Statements Presentation

The following tables present information about the fair value and related gains and losses of our derivative contracts. We did not have any derivative contracts with a credit-risk-related contingency. Fair values of the derivative contracts recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Derivative Assets  Fair Value as of  (in thousands)  Balance Sheet Location  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments  Propane swap agreements  Derivative assets, at fair value  $  -  $  16  Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges  Propane swap agreements  Derivative assets, at fair value  (1)  3,317  7,060  Interest rate swap agreements  Derivative assets, at fair value  (1)  452  -  Total Derivative Assets  $  3,769  $  7,076   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Derivative assets, at fair value include $2.8 million and $4.3 million in current assets in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with the remainder of the balance classified as long-term.

| Derivative Liabilities  Fair Value as of  (in thousands)  Balance Sheet Location  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges  Propane swap agreements  Derivative liabilities, at fair value  (1)  $  1,810  $  743  Interest rate swap agreements  Derivative liabilities, at fair value  (1)  405  -  Total Derivative Liabilities  $  2,215  $  743   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Derivative liabilities, at fair value include $0.6 million and $0.7 million in current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with the remainder of the balance classified as long-term.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The effects of gains and losses from derivative instruments are as follows:

| Amount of Gain (Loss) on Derivatives:  Location of Gain  (Loss) on Derivatives  For the Year Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2022  2021  2020  Derivatives not designated as hedging  instruments  Propane swap agreements  Propane and natural gas costs  $  56  $  (1)  $  -  Derivatives designated as fair value hedges  Put/Call option  Propane and natural gas costs  -  (24)  (12)  Put/Call option  Propane inventory  -  -  34  Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges  Propane swap agreements  Revenues  (373)  (536)  -  Propane swap agreements  Propane and natural gas costs  3,881  7,187  2,428  Propane swap agreements  Other comprehensive income (loss)  (1,303)  9,777  7,463  Interest rate swap agreements  Interest expense  (47)  (40)  60  Interest rate swap agreements  Other comprehensive income (loss)  -  -  20  Total  $  2,214  $  16,363  $  9,993   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation methods used to measure fair value. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are the following:

| Fair Value  Hierarchy  Description of Fair Value Level  Fair Value Technique Utilized  Level 1  Unadjusted quoted prices in active  markets that are accessible at the  measurement date for identical,  unrestricted assets or liabilities  Investments - equity securities  - The fair values of these  trading securities are recorded at fair value based on  unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical  securities.  Investments - mutual funds and other  - The fair values of  these investments, comprised of money market and mutual  funds, are recorded at fair value based on quoted net asset  values of the shares.  Level 2  Quoted prices in markets that are not  active, or inputs which are observable,  either directly or indirectly, for  substantially the full term of the asset or  liability  Derivative assets and liabilities -  The fair value of the  propane put/call options, propane and interest rate swap  agreements are measured using market transactions for similar  assets and liabilities in either the listed or over-the-counter  markets.  Level 3  Prices or valuation techniques requiring  inputs that are both significant to the fair  value measurement and unobservable  (i.e. supported by little or no market  activity)  Investments - guaranteed income fund  - The fair values of  these investments are recorded at the contract value, which  approximates their fair value.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value

The following tables summarize our financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the fair value measurements, by level, within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively:

| Fair Value Measurements Using:  As of December 31, 2022  Fair Value  Quoted Prices in  Active Markets  (Level 1)  Significant Other  Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  (Level 3)  (in thousands)  Assets:  Investments-equity securities  $  24  $  24  $  -  $  -  Investments-guaranteed income fund  1,853  -  -  1,853  Investments-mutual funds and other  8,699  8,699  -  -  Total investments  10,576  8,723  -  1,853  Derivative assets  3,769  -  3,769  -  Total assets  $  14,345  $  8,723  $  3,769  $  1,853  Liabilities:  Derivative liabilities  $  2,215  $  -  $  2,215  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Fair Value Measurements Using:  As of December 31, 2021  Fair Value  Quoted Prices in  Active Markets  (Level 1)  Significant Other  Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  (Level 3)  (in thousands)  Assets:  Investments-equity securities  $  26  $  26  $  -  $  -  Investments-guaranteed income fund  2,036  -  -  2,036  Investments-mutual funds and other  10,033  10,033  -  -  Total investments  12,095  10,059  -  2,036  Derivative assets  7,076  -  7,076  -  Total assets  $  19,171  $  10,059  $  7,076  $  2,036  Liabilities:  Derivative liabilities  $  743  $  -  $  743  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  table  sets  forth  the  summary  of  the  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  Level  3  investments  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  Beginning Balance  $  2,036  $  2,156  Purchases and adjustments  132  88  Transfers/disbursements  (347)  (241)  Investment income  32  33  Ending Balance  $  1,853  $  2,036   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Investment income from the Level 3 investments is reflected in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income.

At  December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no non-financial assets or liabilities  required  to  be  reported  at  fair  value.  We review our non-financial assets for impairment at least on an annual basis, as required.

## Other Financial Assets and Liabilities

Financial  assets  with  carrying  values  approximating  fair  value  include  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  accounts  receivable. Financial liabilities with carrying values approximating fair value include accounts payable, other accrued liabilities and shortterm  debt.  The  fair  value  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents  is  measured  using  the  comparable  value  in  the  active  market  and approximates its carrying value (Level 1 measurement). The fair value of short-term debt approximates the carrying value due to its near-term maturities and because interest rates approximate current market rates (Level 2 measurement).

At December 31, 2022, long-term debt, which includes the current maturities but excludes debt issuance cost, had a carrying value of $600.8 million, compared to the estimated fair value of $505.0 million. At December 31, 2021, long-term debt, which includes the current maturities and excludes debt issuance costs, had a carrying value of $568.8 million, compared to a fair value of $597.2 million. The fair value was calculated using a discounted cash flow methodology that incorporates a market interest rate based on published corporate borrowing rates for debt instruments with similar terms and average maturities, and with adjustments for duration, optionality, and risk profile. The valuation technique used to estimate the fair value of long-term debt would be considered a Level 2 measurement.

See Note 16, Employee Benefit Plans, for fair value measurement information related to our pension plan assets.

## 10. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

The carrying value of goodwill as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows:

| (in thousands)  Regulated Energy  Unregulated Energy  Total Goodwill  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  7,689  $  37,019  $  44,708  Additions  (1)  -  1,505  1,505  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  7,689  $  38,524  $  46,213   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes goodwill from the purchase of operating assets of Planet Found in the fourth quarter of 2022.

The annual impairment testing for the years 2022 and 2021 indicated no impairment of goodwill.

The carrying value and accumulated amortization of intangible assets subject to amortization as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Customer relationships  (1)  $  16,965  $  6,131  $  16,814  $  5,125  Non-Compete agreements  3,105  1,411  2,431  1,078  Patents  (2)(3)  5,819  533  452  354  Other  270  225  270  218  Total  $  26,159  $  8,300  $  19,967  $  6,775   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The customer relationship amounts include $6.1 million as a result of the purchase of Diversified Energy in December 2021.

(2) The patents amount include $3.7 million as a result of the purchase of the operating assets of Planet Found in October 2022.

(3) Includes amounts related to patented technology developed by Marlin Gas Services and the acquisition of Planet Found.

The  customer  relationships,  non-compete  agreements,  patents  and  other  intangible  assets  acquired  in  the  purchases  of  the operating  assets  of  several  companies  are  being  amortized  over  a  weighted  average  of  14  years.  Amortization  expense  of intangible  assets  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020  was  $1.5  million,  $1.3  million  and  $1.2  million, respectively. Amortization expense of intangible assets is expected to be $1.8 million for the years 2023 through 2025, $1.5 million for 2026 and $1.4 million for 2027.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 11. INCOME TAXES

We file a consolidated federal income tax return. Income tax expense allocated to our subsidiaries is based upon their respective taxable incomes and tax credits. State income tax returns are filed on a separate company basis in most states where we have operations and/or are required to file. Our state returns for tax years after 2016 are subject to examination. At December 31, 2022, the 2015 through 2019 federal income tax returns are under examination, and no report has been issued at this time.

During 2022, the Company settled its Internal Revenue Service examination relating to the 2015-2019 tax years. As a result, we had federal NOLs totaling $6.3 million and $12.2 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively.  Under the CARES Act, discussed below, we elected to carry the losses back to 2015 and 2013. The company recovered $12.8 million of tax and received interest income of $0.8 million as a result of carrying back the NOLs referred to above. For state income tax purposes, we had NOL in various states of $67.7 million and $14.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, almost all of which will expire in 2040. Excluding NOLs from discontinued operations, we have recorded deferred tax assets of $1.5 million related to state NOL carry-forwards at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have not recorded a valuation allowance to reduce the future benefit of the tax NOL because we believe they will be fully utilized.

## Tax Law Changes

In March 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law and included several significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code. The CARES Act includes certain tax relief provisions including the ability to carryback five years net operating losses arising in a tax year beginning in 2018, 2019, or 2020. This provision allows a taxpayer to recover taxes previously paid at a 35 percent federal income tax rate during tax years prior to 2018. In addition, the CARES Act removed the taxable income limitation to allow a tax NOL to fully offset taxable income for tax years beginning before January 1, 2021. Tax benefits associated with this legislation were not available for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result, our income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 included a tax benefit $0.9 million, attributable to the tax NOL carryback provided under the CARES Act for  losses  generated in 2018 and 2019. This NOL carryback was applied to our 2013 and 2015 tax years in which we paid federal income taxes at a 35 percent tax rate.

On December 22,  2017,  President  Trump  signed  into  law  the  TCJA.  Substantially  all  of  the  provisions  of  the  TCJA  were effective  for  taxable  years  beginning  on  or  after  January  1,  2018.  The  provisions  that  significantly  impacted  us  include  the reduction of the corporate federal income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent. Our federal income tax expense for periods beginning  on  January  1,  2018  and  thereafter  are  based  on  the  new  federal  corporate  income  tax  rate.  The  TCJA  included changes  to  the  Internal  Revenue  Code,  which  materially  impacted  our  2017  financial  statements.  ASC  740, Income  Taxes, requires recognition of the effects of changes in tax laws in the period in which the law is enacted. ASC 740 requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be measured at the enacted tax rate expected to apply when temporary differences are to be realized or settled. During 2018, we completed the assessment of the impact of accounting for certain effects of the TCJA. At the date of enactment in 2017, we re-measured deferred income taxes based upon the new corporate tax rate. See Note 18, Rates and Other Regulatory Activities, for further discussion of the TCJA's impact on our regulated businesses.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The  following  tables  provide:  (a)  the  components  of  income  tax  expense  in  2022,  2021,  and  2020;  (b)  the  reconciliation between  the  statutory  federal  income  tax  rate  and  the  effective  income  tax  rate  for  2022,  2021,  and  2020  from  continuing operations; and (c) the components of accumulated deferred income tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Current Income Tax Expense  Federal  $  8,284  $  2,775  $  (2,777)  State  1,948  (96)  2,162  Other  (47)  (47)  (47)  Total current income tax expense (benefit)  10,185  2,632  (662)  Deferred Income Tax Expense  (1)  Property, plant and equipment  14,968  24,074  23,224  Deferred gas costs  8,923  1,857  (714)  Pensions and other employee benefits  1,109  (655)  (75)  FPU merger-related premium cost and deferred gain  (351)  (351)  156  Net operating loss carryforwards  2  97  5,107  Other  (1,004)  1,577  (3,498)  Total deferred income tax expense  23,647  26,599  24,200  Income Tax Expense from Continuing Operations  33,832  29,231  23,538  Income Tax Expense from Discontinued Operations  -  -  153  Total Income Tax  $  33,832  $  29,231  $  23,691   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes $7.8 million, $8.2 million, and $4.9 million of deferred state income taxes for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Reconciliation of Effective Income Tax Rates from Continuing  Operations  Federal income tax expense  (1)  $  25,982  $  23,666  $  19,778  State income taxes, net of federal benefit  7,714  6,371  5,051  ESOP dividend deduction  (177)  (180)  (218)  CARES Act Tax Benefit  -  (919)  (1,841)  Other  313  293  768  Total Income Tax Expense from Continuing Operations  $  33,832  $  29,231  $  23,538  Effective Income Tax Rate from Continuing Operations  27.34 %  25.94 %  24.99 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Federal income taxes were calculated at 21 percent for 2022, 2021, and 2020.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  Deferred Income Taxes  Deferred income tax liabilities:  Property, plant and equipment  $  238,687  $  224,034  Acquisition adjustment  5,915  6,266  Loss on reacquired debt  164  183  Deferred gas costs  11,288  2,366  Natural gas conversion costs  5,026  5,529  Storm reserve liability  5,791  5,783  Other  8,236  6,301  Total deferred income tax liabilities  $  275,107  $  250,462  Deferred income tax assets:  Pension and other employee benefits  $  3,985  $  5,354  Environmental costs  1,052  996  Net operating loss carryforwards  1,488  1,490  Storm reserve liability  453  448  Accrued expenses  9,007  4,843  Other  2,955  3,781  Total deferred income tax assets  $  18,940  $  16,912  Deferred Income Taxes Per Consolidated Balance Sheets  $  256,167  $  233,550   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. LONG-TERM DEBT

Our outstanding long-term debt is shown below:

| As of December 31,  (in thousands)  2022  2021  Uncollateralized Senior Notes:  5.93% note, due October 31, 2023  $  3,000  $  6,000  5.68% note, due June 30, 2026  11,600  14,500  6.43% note, due May 2, 2028  4,200  4,900  3.73% note, due December 16, 2028  12,000  14,000  3.88% note, due May 15, 2029  35,000  40,000  3.25% note, due April 30, 2032  66,500  70,000  3.48% note, due May 31, 2038  50,000  50,000  3.58% note, due November 30, 2038  50,000  50,000  3.98% note, due August 20, 2039  100,000  100,000  2.98% note, due December 20, 2034  70,000  70,000  3.00% note, due July 15, 2035  50,000  50,000  2.96% note, due August 15, 2035  40,000  40,000  2.49% notes Due January 25, 2037  50,000  50,000  2.95% notes Due March 15, 2042  50,000  -  Equipment security note  2.46% note, due September 24, 2031  8,517  9,378  Less: debt issuance costs  (946)  (913)  Total long-term debt  599,871  567,865  Less: current maturities  (21,483)  (17,962)  Total long-term debt, net of current maturities  $  578,388  $  549,903   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes Purchase Agreement

On March 15, 2022, we issued 2.95 percent Senior Notes due March 15, 2042 to MetLife in the aggregate principal amount of $50.0 million. We used the proceeds received from the issuances of the Senior Notes to reduce short-term borrowings under the Revolver  and  to  fund  capital  expenditures.  These  Senior  Notes  have  similar  covenants  and  default  provisions  as  our  other Senior Notes, and have an annual principal payment beginning in the eleventh year after the issuance.

On September 28, 2022, we agreed to issue and Prudential agreed to purchase 5.43 percent Senior Notes due March 14, 2038 in the aggregate principal amount of $80.0 million.  We expect to issue the Notes on or before March 14, 2023. We anticipate using the proceeds received from the issuance of the Notes to reduce short-term borrowings under our revolving credit facility and to fund capital expenditures. These Senior Notes have similar covenants and default provisions as our other Senior Notes, and have an annual principal payment beginning in the sixth year after the issuance.

## Equipment Security Note

On September 24, 2021, we entered into an Equipment Financing Agreement with Banc of America Leasing &amp; Capital, LLC to issue $9.6 million in sustainable financing associated with the purchase of qualifying equipment by our subsidiary, Marlin Gas Services. The equipment security note bears a 2.46 percent interest rate and has a term of 10 years. Under the terms of the agreement, we granted a security interest in the equipment to the lender, to serve as collateral.

## Annual maturities

Annual maturities and principal repayments of long-term debt are as follows:

| Year  2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  Thereafter  Total  (in thousands)  Payments  $  21,483  $  18,505  $  25,528  $  34,551  $  31,674  $  469,076  $  600,817   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Shelf Agreements

We have entered into Shelf Agreements with Prudential and MetLife, whom are under no obligation to purchase any unsecured debt. The following table summarizes our shelf agreements at December 31, 2022:

| (in thousands)  Total  Borrowing  Capacity  Less Amount  of Debt  Issued  Less Unfunded  Commitments  Remaining  Borrowing  Capacity  Shelf Agreements  (1)  Prudential Shelf Agreement  (2)  $  370,000  $  (220,000)  $  (80,000)  $  70,000  MetLife Shelf Agreement  150,000  (50,000)  -  100,000  Total  $  520,000  $  (270,000)  $  (80,000)  $  170,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The amended Prudential and MetLife Shelf Agreements both expire in February 2026.

(2) Unfunded commitments of $80.0 million reflects Senior Notes expected to be issued on or before March 14, 2023.

In February 2023, we amended our Shelf Agreements with Prudential and MetLife. The amended agreements now provide for total borrowing capacity of up to $405.0 million under the Prudential Shelf Agreement and $200.0 million under the MetLife Shelf  Agreement.  Additionally,  the  amendments  extend  the  term  of  the  agreements  for  an  additional  three  years  from  the effective dates.

The  Uncollateralized  Senior  Notes,  Shelf  Agreements  or  Shelf  Notes  set  forth  certain  business  covenants  to  which  we  are subject when any note is outstanding, including covenants that limit or restrict our ability, and the ability of our subsidiaries, to incur indebtedness, or place or permit liens and encumbrances on any of our property or the property of our subsidiaries.

## Uncollateralized Senior Notes

All of our Uncollateralized Senior Notes require periodic principal and interest payments as specified in each note. They also contain various restrictions. The most stringent restrictions state that we must maintain equity of at least 40.0 percent of total capitalization (including short-term borrowings), and the fixed charge coverage ratio must be at least 1.2 times. The most recent Senior Notes issued since September 2013 also contain a restriction that we must maintain an aggregate net book value in our regulated business assets of at least 50.0 percent of our consolidated total assets. Failure to comply with those covenants could result in accelerated due dates and/or termination of the Senior Note agreements.

Certain Uncollateralized Senior Notes contain a 'restricted payments' covenant as defined in the respective note agreements. The  most  restrictive  covenants  of  this  type  are  included  within  the  5.93  percent  Senior  Note,  due  October  31,  2023.  The covenant provides that we cannot pay or declare any dividends or make any other restricted payments in excess of the sum of $10.0 million, plus our consolidated net income accrued on and after January 1, 2003. As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative consolidated net income base was $754.2 million, offset by restricted payments of $326.4 million, leaving $427.8 million of cumulative net income free of restrictions. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants.

## 13. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

We are authorized by our Board of Directors to borrow up to $400.0 million of short-term debt, as required. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had $202.2 million and $221.6 million, respectively, of short-term borrowings outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of 5.04 percent and 0.83 percent, respectively.

In  August  2021,  we  amended  and  restated  our  Revolver  into  a  multi-tranche  facility  totaling  $400.0  million  with  multiple participating lenders. The two tranches of the facility consist of a $200.0 million 364-day short-term debt tranche and a $200.0 million  five-year  tranche,  both  of  which  have  three  (3)  one-year  extension  options,  which  can  be  authorized  by  our  Chief Financial Officer. We are eligible to establish the repayment term for individual borrowings under the five year tranche of the Revolver and to the extent that an individual loan under the Revolver exceeded 12 months, the outstanding balance would be classified as a component of long-term debt.

In August 2022, we amended both tranches of the Revolver, which now bear interest using SOFR as the benchmark interest rate, plus a 10-basis point SOFR adjustment, in lieu of LIBOR which is being retired by financial institutions. In addition, the 364-day tranche was extended for the upcoming year, expiring in August 2023. As part of these amendments, the parties agreed to eliminate the previous covenant capping the aggregate investments limit at $150.0 million where we maintain an ownership interest less than 50 percent.  Additionally, the 364-day tranche of the facility now offers a reduced interest margin similar to the five-year tranche for amounts borrowed in connection with new sustainable investments. All other terms and conditions

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

remained unchanged. Borrowings outstanding under the sustainable investment sublimit of the 364-day tranche amounted to $9.4 million at December 31, 2022.

The availability of funds under the Revolver is subject to conditions specified in the credit agreement, all of which we currently satisfy. These conditions include our compliance with financial covenants and the continued accuracy of representations and warranties contained in the Revolver's loan documents. We are required by the financial covenants in the Revolver to maintain, at the end of each fiscal year, a funded indebtedness ratio of no greater than 65 percent. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with this covenant.

The 364-day tranche of the Revolver expires in August 2023 and the five-year tranche expires in August 2026, both of which are available to fund our short-term cash needs to meet seasonal working capital requirements and to temporarily fund portions of  our  capital  expenditures.  Borrowings  under  both  tranches  of  the  Revolver  are  subject  to  a  pricing  grid,  including  the commitment fee and the interest rate charged based upon our total indebtedness to total capitalization ratio for the prior quarter. As of December 31, 2022, the pricing under the 364-day tranche of the Revolver does not include an unused commitment fee and maintains an interest rate of 70 basis points over SOFR plus a 10 basis point SOFR adjustment. As of December 31, 2022, the pricing under the five-year tranche of the Revolver included an unused commitment fee of 9 basis points and an interest rate of 95 basis points over SOFR plus a 10 basis point SOFR adjustment.

Our total available credit under the Revolver at December 31, 2022 was $192.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had issued $5.8 million in letters of credit to various counterparties under the Revolver. These letters of credit are not included in the outstanding short-term borrowings and we do not anticipate that they will be drawn upon by the counterparties. The letters of credit reduce the available borrowings under the Revolver.

For additional information on interest rate swaps related to our short-term borrowings, see Note 8 , Derivative Instruments .

## 14. LEASES

We have entered into  lease  arrangements  for  office  space,  land,  equipment,  pipeline  facilities  and  warehouses.  These  lease arrangements enable us to  better  conduct  business  operations  in  the  regions  in  which  we  operate.  Office  space  is  leased  to provide adequate workspace for our employees in several locations throughout our service territories. We lease land at various locations throughout our service territories to enable us to inject natural gas into underground storage and distribution systems, for  bulk  storage  capacity,  for  our  propane  operations  and  for  storage  of  equipment  used  in  repairs  and  maintenance  of  our infrastructure. We lease natural gas compressors to ensure timely and reliable transportation of natural gas to our customers. Additionally,  we  lease  a  pipeline  to  deliver  natural  gas  to  an  industrial  customer  in  Polk  County,  Florida.  We  also  lease warehouses to store equipment and materials used in repairs and maintenance for our businesses.

Some of  our  leases  are  subject  to  annual  changes  in  the  Consumer  Price  Index  ('CPI').  While  lease  liabilities  are  not  remeasured as a result of changes to the CPI, changes to the CPI are treated as variable lease payments and recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments was incurred. A 100-basis-point increase in CPI would not have resulted in material additional annual lease costs during 2022. Most of our leases include options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from one to 25 years or more. The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion. The amounts disclosed in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022, pertaining to the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, are measured based on our current expectations of exercising our available renewal options. Our existing leases are not subject to any restrictions or covenants that would preclude our ability to pay dividends, obtain financing or enter into additional leases. As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  have  not  entered  into  any  leases,  which  have  not  yet  commenced,  that  would  entitle  us  to significant  rights  or  create  additional  obligations.  The  following  table  presents  information  related  to  our  total  lease  cost included in our consolidated statements of income:

| Year Ended  December 31,  (in thousands)  Classification  2022  2021  Operating lease cost  (1)  Operations expense  $  2,883  $  2,064   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes short-term leases and variable lease costs, which are immaterial.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The  following  table  presents  the  balance  and  classifications  of  our  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  included  in  our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| (in thousands)  Balance sheet classification  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Assets  Operating lease assets  Operating lease right-of-use assets  $  14,421  $  10,139  Liabilities  Current  Operating lease liabilities  Other accrued liabilities  $  2,552  $  1,996  Noncurrent  Operating lease liabilities  Operating lease - liabilities  12,392  8,571  Total lease liabilities  $  14,944  $  10,567   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents our weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rate for our operating leases at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Weighted-average remaining lease term (  in years  )  Operating leases  8.54  8.10  Weighted-average discount rate  Operating leases  3.4 %  3.6 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  table  presents  additional  information  related  to  cash  paid  for  amounts  included  in  the  measurement  of  lease liabilities included in our consolidated statements of cash flows at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Year Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2022  2021  Operating cash flows from operating leases  $  2,931  $  1,996   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents the future undiscounted maturities of our operating leases at December 31, 2022 and for each of the next five years and thereafter:

| (in thousands)  Operating Leases  (1)  2023  $  2,871  2024  2,546  2025  2,161  2026  1,684  2027  1,529  Thereafter  6,192  Total lease payments  16,983  Less: Interest  (2,039)  Present value of lease liabilities  $  14,944   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Operating lease payments include $2.1 million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised.

## 15. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

## Common Stock Issuances

In June 2020, we filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC to facilitate the issuance of our common stock. In August 2020, we filed a prospectus supplement under the shelf registration statement for an ATM equity program under which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock up to an aggregate offering price of $75.0 million through June of 2023.

We maintain an effective shelf registration statement with the SEC for the issuance of shares under our DRIP. Depending on our  capital  needs  and  subject  to  market  conditions,  in  addition  to  other  possible  debt  and  equity  offerings,  we  may  issue additional shares under the direct stock purchase component of the DRIP. In 2021, we issued approximately 0.1 million shares at an average price per share of $125.71 and received net proceeds of $15.2 million under the DRIP. In 2022, we issued less than 0.1 million shares at an average price per share of $136.26 and received net proceeds of $4.5 million under the DRIP.

We used the net proceeds from our share issuances, after fees, for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, financing of capital expenditures, repayment of short-term debt, financing acquisitions, investing in subsidiaries, and general working capital purposes.

## Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Defined benefit pension and postretirement plan items, unrealized gains (losses) of our propane swap agreements and natural gas swaps and futures contracts, designated as commodity contracts cash flow hedges, and the unrealized gains (losses) of our interest rate swap agreements, designated as cash flow hedges, are the components of our accumulated other comprehensive loss. The following table presents the changes in the balance of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All amounts in the following tables are presented net of tax.

| Defined Benefit  Pension and  Postretirement  Plan Items  Commodity  Contract Cash  Flow Hedges  Interest Rate  Swap Cash  Flow Hedges  Total  (in thousands)  As of December 31, 2020  $  (5,146)  $  2,309  $  (28)  $  (2,865)  Other comprehensive income before reclassifications  262  7,075  -  7,337  Amounts reclassified from accumulated other  comprehensive income (loss)  1,616  (4,813)  28  (3,169)  Net current-period other comprehensive income  1,878  2,262  28  4,168  As of December 31, 2021  (3,268)  4,571  -  1,303  Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications  705  (934)  -  (229)  Amounts reclassified from accumulated other  comprehensive income (loss)  57  (2,545)  35  (2,453)  Net current-period other comprehensive income  762  (3,479)  35  (2,682)  As of December 31, 2022  $  (2,506)  $  1,092  $  35  $  (1,379)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Deferred gains and losses of our commodity contracts cash flow hedges are recognized in earnings upon settlement.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

| For the Year Ended December 31,  (in thousands)  2022  2021  2020  Amortization of defined benefit pension and postretirement plan  items:  Prior service credit  (1)  $  77  $  77  $  77  Net actuarial loss  (1)  (152)  (2,243)  (592)  Total before income taxes  (75)  (2,166)  (515)  Income tax benefit  (3)  18  550  150  Net of tax  $  (57)  $  (1,616)  $  (365)  Gains on commodity contracts cash flow hedges  Propane swap agreements  (2)  $  3,508  $  6,651  $  2,428  Total before income taxes  3,508  6,651  2,428  Income tax expense  (3)  (963)  (1,838)  (671)  Net of tax  $  2,545  $  4,813  $  1,757  Gains and (losses) on interest rate swap cash flow hedges:  Interest rate swap agreements  $  (47)  $  (40)  $  60  Total before income taxes  (47)  (40)  60  Income tax expense  (3)  12  12  (16)  Net of tax  $  (35)  $  (28)  $  44  Total reclassifications for the period  $  2,453  $  3,169  $  1,436   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) These amounts are included in the computation of net periodic benefits. See Note 16 , Employee Benefit Plans , for additional details.

(2) These amounts are included in the effects of gains and losses from derivative instruments. See Note 8, Derivative Instruments , for additional details.

(3) The income tax benefit is included in income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

## 16. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

We measure the assets and obligations of the defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits plans to determine the  plans'  funded  status  as  of  the  end  of  the  year.  We  record  as  a  component  of  other  comprehensive  income/loss  or  a regulatory asset the changes in funded status that occurred during the year that are not recognized as part of net periodic benefit costs.

## Defined Benefit Pension Plans

At December 31, 2022 we sponsored two defined benefit pension plans: the FPU Pension Plan and the Chesapeake SERP.

During the fourth quarter of 2021, we formally terminated the Chesapeake Pension Plan.  Accordingly, a portion of the pension settlement  expense  associated  with  the  termination  was  allocated  to  our  Regulated  Energy  operations  and  was  recorded  as regulatory  assets,  previously  approved  in  all  of  the  impacted  jurisdictions.  The  remaining  portion  of  the  pension  settlement expense  totaling  $0.6  million  was  recorded  in  other  expense  in  our  consolidated  statement  of  income  which  reflected  the amount allocated to our Unregulated Energy operations or was deemed not recoverable through the regulatory process.

The FPU Pension Plan, a qualified plan, covers eligible FPU non-union employees hired before January 1, 2005 and union employees hired before the respective union contract expiration dates in 2005 and 2006. Prior to the FPU merger, the FPU Pension Plan was frozen with respect to additional years of service and compensation, effective December 31, 2009.

The  Chesapeake  SERP,  a  nonqualified  plan,  is  comprised  of  two  sub-plans.  The  first  sub-plan  was  frozen  with  respect  to additional  years  of  service  and  additional  compensation  as  of  December  31,  2004.  The  second  sub-plan  provides  fixed payments for several executives who joined the Company as a result of an acquisition and whose agreements with the Company provided for this benefit.

The unfunded liability for all plans at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, is included in the other pension and benefit costs liability in our consolidated balance sheets.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following schedules set forth the funded status at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the net periodic cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 for the Chesapeake and FPU Pension Plans as well as the Chesapeake SERP:

| Chesapeake  Pension Plan  FPU  Pension Plan  Chesapeake  SERP  At December 31,  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  (in thousands)  Change in benefit obligation:  Benefit obligation - beginning of year  $  -  $  6,146  $  67,030  $ 70,366  $  2,096  $  2,212  Interest cost  -  141  1,781  1,714  50  48  Actuarial (gain) loss  -  (371)  (15,713)  (1,953)  (335)  (12)  Effect of settlement  -  (5,884)  -  -  -  -  Benefits paid  -  (32)  (3,157)  (3,097)  (152)  (152)  Benefit obligation - end of year  -  -  49,941  67,030  1,659  2,096  Change in plan assets:  Fair value of plan assets - beginning of  year  -  4,609  58,712  55,966  -  -  Actual return on plan assets  -  (237)  (9,552)  4,246  -  -  Employer contributions  -  1,544  200  1,597  152  152  Effect of settlement  -  (5,884)  -  -  -  -  Benefits paid  -  (32)  (3,157)  (3,097)  (152)  (152)  Fair value of plan assets - end of year  -  -  46,203  58,712  -  -  Accrued pension cost / funded status  $  -  $  -  $  (3,738)  $  (8,318)  $ (1,659)  $  (2,096)  Assumptions:  Discount rate  -  %  2.50 %  5.25 %  2.75 %  5.00 %  2.50 %  Expected return on plan assets  -  %  3.50 %  6.00 %  6.00 %  -  %  -  %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

-  %

| Chesapeake  Pension Plan  FPU  Pension Plan  Chesapeake  SERP  For the Years Ended  December 31,  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Components of net periodic  pension cost:  Interest cost  $  -  $ 141  $  176  $  1,781  $  1,714  $  2,085  $  50  $  48  $  63  Expected return on assets  -  (166)  (157)  (3,430)  (3,306)  (2,967)  -  -  -  Amortization of actuarial  loss  -  257  243  466  612  552  28  28  20  Settlement expense  -  1,810  203  -  -  -  -  -  -  Net periodic pension cost  -  2,042  465  (1,183)  (980)  (330)  78  76  83  Amortization of pre-  merger regulatory asset  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total periodic cost  $  -  $  2,042  $  465  $(1,183)  $ (980)  $ (330)  $  78  $  76  $  83  Assumptions:  Discount rate  -  %  2.25 %  3.00 %  2.75 %  2.50 %  3.25 %  2.50 %  2.25  %  3.00  %  Expected return on plan  assets  -  %  3.50 %  3.50 %  6.00 %  6.00 %  6.00 %  -  %  -  %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our funding policy provides that payments to the trust of each qualified plan shall be equal to at least the minimum funding requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. The following schedule summarizes the assets of the FPU Pension Plan, by investment type, at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

| FPU Pension Plan  At December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Asset Category  Equity securities  53 %  52 %  54 %  Debt securities  38 %  38 %  37 %  Other  9  %  10 %  9  %  Total  100 %  100 %  100 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  investment  policy  of  the  FPU  Pension  Plan  is  designed  to  provide  the  capital  assets  necessary  to  meet  the  financial obligations of the plan. The investment goals and objectives are to achieve investment returns that, together with contributions, will provide funds adequate to pay promised benefits to present and future beneficiaries of the plan, earn a competitive return to increasingly fund a large portion of the plan's retirement liabilities, minimize pension expense and cumulative contributions resulting from liability measurement and asset performance, and maintain the appropriate mix of investments to reduce the risk of large losses over the expected remaining life of the plan.

The following allocation range of asset classes is intended to produce a rate of return sufficient to meet the FPU Pension Plan's goals and objectives:

## Asset Allocation Strategy

| Asset Class  Minimum Allocation  Percentage  Maximum Allocation  Percentage  Domestic Equities (Large Cap, Mid Cap and Small Cap)  14 %  32 %  Foreign Equities (Developed and Emerging Markets)  13 %  25 %  Fixed Income (Inflation Bond and Taxable Fixed)  29 %  47 %  Alternative Strategies (Long/Short Equity and Hedge Fund of Funds)  4  %  10 %  Diversifying Assets (High Yield Fixed Income, Commodities, and Real Estate)  2  %  6  %  Cash  0  %  5  %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Due to periodic contributions and different asset classes producing varying returns, the actual asset values may temporarily move outside of the intended ranges. The investments are monitored on a quarterly basis, at a minimum, for asset allocation and performance.  At  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  assets  of  the  FPU  Pension  Plan  were  comprised  of  the  following investments:

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

| Fair Value Measurement Hierarchy  For the Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Asset Category  Total  Total  (in thousands)  Mutual Funds - Equity securities  U.S. Large Cap  (1)  $  3,413  $  4,302  U.S. Mid Cap  (1)  1,425  1,835  U.S. Small Cap  (1)  692  954  International  (2)  9,352  10,863  Alternative Strategies  (3)  4,824  5,888  19,706  23,842  Mutual Funds - Debt securities  Fixed income  (4)  15,343  19,551  High Yield  (4)  2,269  3,014  17,612  22,565  Mutual Funds - Other  Commodities  (5)  1,832  2,297  Real Estate  (6)  1,709  2,729  Guaranteed deposit  (7)  398  497  3,939  5,523  Total Pension Plan Assets in fair value hierarchy  (8)  41,257  51,930  Investments measured at net asset value  (9)  4,946  6,782  Total Pension Plan Assets  $  46,203  $  58,712   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes funds that invest primarily in United States common stocks.

(2) Includes funds that invest primarily in foreign equities and emerging markets equities.

(3) Includes funds that actively invest in both equity and debt securities, funds that sell short securities and funds that provide long-term capital appreciation. The funds may invest in debt securities below investment grade.

(4) Includes funds that invest in investment grade and fixed income securities.

(5) Includes funds that invest primarily in commodity-linked derivative instruments and fixed income securities.

(6) Includes funds that invest primarily in real estate.

(7) Includes investment in a group annuity product issued by an insurance company.

(8) All investments in the FPU Pension Plan are classified as Level 1 within the Fair Value hierarchy exclusive of the Guaranteed Deposit Account which is classified as Level 3.

(9) Certain investments that were measured at net asset value per share have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. These amounts are presented to reconcile to total pension plan assets.

At  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  our  pension  plan  investments  were  classified  under  the  same  fair  value  measurement hierarchy (Level 1 through Level 3) described under Note 9, Fair Value of Financial Instruments. The Level 3 investments were recorded at fair value based on the contract value of annuity products underlying guaranteed deposit accounts, which was calculated using discounted cash flow models. The contract value of these products represented deposits made to the contract, plus earnings at guaranteed crediting rates, less withdrawals and fees. Certain investments that were measured at net asset value per share have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy and are presented in the table above to reconcile to total pension plan assets.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The  following  table  sets  forth  the  summary  of  the  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  Level  3  investments  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  Balance, beginning of year  $  497  $  1,019  Purchases  208  3,160  Transfers in  3,270  5,914  Disbursements  (3,541)  (9,587)  Investment income (loss)  (36)  (9)  Balance, end of year  $  398  $  497   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Postretirement Benefits Plans

We  sponsor  two  defined  benefit  postretirement  health  plans:  the  Chesapeake  Utilities  Postretirement  Plan  ("Chesapeake Postretirement  Plan")  and  the  FPU  Medical  Plan.  At  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  funded  status  of  the  Chesapeake Postretirement  Plan  was  $0.6  million  and  $0.9  million,  respectively.  The  funded  status  of  the  FPU  Medical  Plan  was  $0.7 million and $1.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Net periodic postretirement benefit costs for the Chesapeake Postretirement Plan and the FPU Medical Plan were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.

The  following  table  presents  the  amounts  not  yet  reflected  in  net  periodic  benefit  cost  and  included  in  accumulated  other comprehensive loss or as a regulatory asset as of December 31, 2022:

| (in thousands)  FPU  Pension  Plan  Chesapeake  SERP  Chesapeake  Postretirement  Plan  FPU  Medical  Plan  Total  Prior service credit  $  -  $  -  $  (216)  $  -  $  (216)  Net loss (gain)  14,540  295  597  (401)  15,031  Total  $  14,540  $  295  $  381  $  (401)  $  14,815  Accumulated other comprehensive loss (gain) pre-  tax  (1)  $  2,763  $  295  $  381  $  (76)  $  3,363  Post-merger regulatory asset  11,777  -  -  (325)  11,452  Total unrecognized cost  $  14,540  $  295  $  381  $  (401)  $  14,815   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The total amount of accumulated other comprehensive loss recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 is net of income tax benefits of $0.9 million.

Pursuant  to  a  Florida  PSC  order,  FPU  continues  to  record  as  a  regulatory  asset  a  portion  of  the  unrecognized  pension  and postretirement benefit costs after the merger with Chesapeake Utilities related to its regulated operations, which is included in the above table as a post-merger regulatory asset. As of December 31, 2022, the pre-merger regulatory asset related to the FPU Pension and FPU Medical Plan was fully amortized.

## Assumptions

The assumptions used for the discount rate to calculate the benefit obligations were based on the interest rates of high-quality bonds in 2022, considering the expected lives of each of the plans. In determining the average expected return on plan assets for the  FPU  Pension  Plan,  various  factors,  such  as  historical  long-term  return  experience,  investment  policy  and  current  and expected  allocation,  were  considered.  Since  the  FPU  Pension  Plan  is  frozen  with  respect  to  additional  years  of  service  and compensation, the rate of assumed compensation increases is not applicable.

The  health  care  inflation  rate  for  2022  used  to  calculate  the  benefit  obligation  is  5  percent  for  medical  and  6  percent  for prescription drugs for the Chesapeake Postretirement Plan; and 5 percent for both medical and prescription drugs for the FPU Medical Plan.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Estimated Future Benefit Payments

In 2023, we do not anticipate contributing to the FPU Pension Plan and expect to contribute $0.2 million to the Chesapeake SERP. We also expect to contribute less than $0.1 million to both the Chesapeake Postretirement Plan and FPU Medical Plan, in 2023.

The schedule below shows the estimated future benefit payments for each of the plans previously described:

| FPU Pension  Plan  (1)  Chesapeake  SERP (2)  Chesapeake  Postretirement  Plan  (2)  FPU  Medical  Plan  (2)  (in thousands)  2023  $  3,432  $  151  $  60  $  57  2024  $  3,503  $  149  $  58  $  59  2025  $  3,648  $  162  $  55  $  59  2026  $  3,680  $  159  $  50  $  58  2027  $  3,675  $  156  $  48  $  59  Years 2028 through 2032  $  18,368  $  707  $  200  $  227   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The pension plan is funded; therefore, benefit payments are expected to be paid out of the plan assets.

(2) Benefit payments are expected to be paid out of our general funds.

## Retirement Savings Plan

We sponsor a 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan which is offered to all eligible employees who have completed three months of service. We match 100 percent of eligible participants' pre-tax contributions to the Retirement Savings Plan up to a maximum of  six  percent  of  eligible  compensation.  The  employer  matching  contribution  is  made  in  cash  and  is  invested  based  on  a participant's investment directions. In addition, we may make a discretionary supplemental contribution to participants in the plan, without regard to whether or not they make pre-tax contributions. Any supplemental employer contribution is generally made in our common stock. With respect to the employer match and supplemental employer contribution, employees are 100 percent vested after two years of service or upon reaching 55 years of age while still employed by us. New employees who do not make an election to contribute and do not opt out of the Retirement Savings Plan will be automatically enrolled at a deferral rate of three percent, and the automatic deferral rate will increase by one percent per year up to a maximum of ten percent. All contributions and matched funds can be invested among the mutual funds available for investment.

Employer contributions to our Retirement Savings Plan totaled $6.2 million, $5.9 million, and $5.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were 798,586 shares of our common stock reserved to fund future contributions to the Retirement Savings Plan.

## Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan

Members of  our  Board  of  Directors  and  officers  of  the  Company  are  eligible  to  participate  in  the  Non-Qualified  Deferred Compensation Plan. Directors can elect to defer any portion of their cash or stock compensation and officers can defer up to 80 percent of their base compensation, cash bonuses or any amount of their stock bonuses (net of required withholdings). Officers may receive a matching contribution on their cash compensation deferrals up to six percent of their compensation, provided it does  not  duplicate  a  match  they  receive  in  the  Retirement  Savings  Plan.  Stock  bonuses  are  not  eligible  for  matching contributions. Participants are able to elect the payment of deferred compensation to begin on a specified future date or upon separation  from  service.  Additionally,  participants  can  elect  to  receive  payments  upon  the  earlier  or  later  of  a  fixed  date  or separation from service. The payments can be made in one lump sum or annual installments for up to 15 years.

All obligations arising under the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan are payable from our general assets, although we have established a Rabbi Trust to informally fund the plan. Deferrals of cash compensation may be invested by the participants in various mutual funds (the same options that are available in the Retirement Savings Plan). The participants are credited with gains or losses on those investments. Deferred stock compensation may not be diversified. The participants are credited with dividends on our common stock in the same amount that is received by all other stockholders. Such dividends are reinvested into our common stock. Assets held in the Rabbi Trust, recorded as Investments on the consolidated balance sheet, had a fair value of $10.6 million and $12.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The assets of the Rabbi Trust are at all times subject to the claims of our general creditors.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Deferrals  of  officer  base  compensation  and  cash  bonuses  and  directors'  cash  retainers  are  paid  in  cash.  All  deferrals  of executive  performance  shares,  which  represent  deferred  stock  units,  and  directors'  stock  retainers  are  paid  in  shares  of  our common stock, except that cash is paid in lieu of fractional shares. The value of our stock held in the Rabbi Trust is classified within the stockholders' equity section of the consolidated balance sheets and has been accounted for in a manner similar to treasury  stock.  The  amounts  recorded  under  the  Non-Qualified  Deferred  Compensation  Plan  totaled  $7.1  million  and  $7.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are also shown as a deduction against stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheet.

## 17. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS

Our non-employee directors and key employees have been granted share-based awards through our SICP. We record these share-based awards as compensation costs over the respective service period for which services are received in exchange for an award  of  equity  or  equity-based  compensation.  The  compensation  cost  is  based  primarily  on  the  fair  value  of  the  shares awarded, using the estimated fair value of each share on the date it was granted, and the number of shares to be issued at the end of the service period. We have 322,509 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the SICP.

The  table  below  presents  the  amounts  included  in  net  income  related  to  share-based  compensation  expense  for  the  awards granted under the SICP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Awards to non-employee directors  $  959  $  782  $  733  Awards to key employees  5,479  5,163  4,096  Total compensation expense  6,438  5,945  4,829  Less: tax benefit  (1,663)  (1,535)  (1,254)  Share-based compensation amounts included in net income  $  4,775  $  4,410  $  3,575   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Non-employee Directors

Shares granted to non-employee directors are issued in advance of the directors' service periods and are fully vested as of the grant date. We record a deferred expense equal to the fair value of the shares issued and amortize the expense equally over a service period of one year or less.

Our  directors  receive  an  annual  retainer  of  shares  of  common  stock  under  the  SICP  for  services  rendered  through  the subsequent Annual Meeting of Shareholders.   Accordingly, our directors that served on the Board as of May 2022 and 2021 each received 652 and 683 shares of common stock, respectively, with a weighted average fair value of $130.36 and $117.11 per share, respectively.

In July 2022, we announced the appointment of two new non-employee directors to our Board. These newly appointed directors were each granted a pro-rated share-based award of 526 shares through the SICP in accordance with the beginning of their service period. The associated expense is being recognized consistent with the methodology described above.

At  December  31,  2022,  there  was  $0.3  million  of  unrecognized  compensation  expense  related  to  shares  granted  to  nonemployee directors. This expense will be recognized over the remaining service period ending in May 2023.

## Officers and Key Employees

Our Compensation Committee is authorized to grant our key employees the right to receive awards of shares of our common stock, contingent upon the achievement of established performance goals and subject to SEC transfer restrictions once awarded. Our  President  and  CEO  has  the  right  to  issue  awards  of  shares  of  our  common  stock,  to  other  officers  of  the  Company, contingent upon various performance goals and subject to SEC transfer restrictions.

We currently have several outstanding multi-year performance plans, which are based upon the successful achievement of longterm goals, growth and financial results and comprise both market-based and performance-based conditions and targets. The fair value per share, tied to a performance-based condition or target, is equal to the market price per share on the grant date. For the market-based conditions, we used the Monte Carlo valuation to estimate the fair value of each share granted.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The table below presents the summary of the stock activity for awards to all officers:

| Number of  Shares  Weighted Average  Fair Value  Outstanding - December 31, 2020  186,878  $  87.06  Granted  69,903  100.76  Vested  (53,147)  76.31  Expired  (852)  74.85  Forfeited  (1)  (5,384)  93.39  Outstanding - December 31, 2021  197,398  94.15  Granted  69,620  117.61  Vested  (60,850)  90.60  Expired  (2,678)  91.42  Outstanding - December 31, 2022  203,490  $  103.06   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) In conjunction with the retirement of one key employee during 2020, these shares were forfeited for the remainder of the service periods associated with awards granted during their employment with the Company.

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  we  granted  awards  of  69,620  shares  of  common  stock  to  officers  under  the  SICP, including awards granted in February 2022 and to key employees thereafter appointed to officer positions. The shares granted are multi-year awards that will vest no later than the three-year service period ending December 31, 2024.

The intrinsic value of these awards was $24.0 million, $28.8 million, and $20.2 million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was $4.7 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to these awards, which is expected to be recognized through 2024.

In 2022, 2021 and 2020, we withheld shares with a value at least equivalent to the employees' minimum statutory obligation for the  applicable  income  and  other  employment  taxes,  and  remitted  the  cash  to  the  appropriate  taxing  authorities  with  the executives electing to receive the net shares. The below table presents the number of shares withheld /and amounts remitted to taxing authorities:

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (amounts except shares, in thousands)  Shares withheld to satisfy tax obligations  21,832  14,020  10,319  Amounts remitted to tax authorities to satisfy obligations  $  2,838  $  1,478  $  977   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 18. RATES AND OTHER REGULATORY ACTIVITIES

Our  natural  gas  and  electric  distribution  operations  in  Delaware,  Maryland  and  Florida  are  subject  to  regulation  by  their respective PSC; Eastern Shore, our natural gas transmission subsidiary, is subject to regulation by the FERC; and Peninsula Pipeline and Aspire Energy Express, our intrastate pipeline subsidiaries, are subject to regulation (excluding cost of service) by the Florida PSC and Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, respectively.

## Delaware

See the discussion below under COVID-19 impact .

## Maryland

Customer Information System Regulatory Asset Petition: In July 2022, we filed a joint petition for our natural gas divisions in Maryland (Maryland Division, Sandpiper, and Elkton Gas) for the approval to establish a regulatory asset for non-capitalizable expenses related to the set-up and implementation of the Company's new Customer Information System ("CIS"). The petition was approved by the Maryland PSC in August 2022. A similar petition for our Florida Regulated Energy business units was filed  during  the  same  time  frame  and  has  not  yet  been  scheduled  on  the  Florida  PSC  Agenda.  The  Delaware  Division  has previously  received  approval  for  this  accounting  treatment.  We  have  evaluated  and  selected  the  CIS  with  implementation anticipated to begin during the first quarter of 2023.  The conversion is expected to be complete in the first quarter of 2025.

Ocean City Maryland Reinforcement: In March 2022, we filed a Section 7(f) - Request for Service Area Determination with the FERC  regarding  plans  to  extend  our  natural  gas  facilities  across  the  Delaware/Maryland  state  line  from  Sussex  County, Delaware, to Worcester County, Maryland, to provide a secondary feed to Sandpiper Energy. The FERC approved the Section 7(f) request on August 29, 2022. The project will increase the reliability of the existing distribution system in those areas while also expanding infrastructure to serve new customers. Construction has been initiated with estimated completion in early 2023.

## Florida

Wildlight Expansion: In August 2022, Peninsula Pipeline and FPU filed a joint petition with the Florida PSC for approval of the Transportation  Service  Agreement  between  the  parties  associated  with  the  Wildlight  Expansion  project.  The  Wildlight Expansion project will enable us to meet the significant growing demand for service in Yulee, Florida. The agreement and project have been structured to allow us to build the project alongside the construction and build-out of the development, and charge the reservation rate as each phase of the project goes into service. The agreement reflects the construction of pipeline facilities  in  two  separate  phases.  Phase  one  will  consist  of  three  extensions  with  associated  facilities,  and  a  gas  injection interconnect with associated facilities.  Phase two will consist of two additional pipeline extensions. The various phases of the project are anticipated to be placed in service beginning in the first quarter of 2023, with construction on the overall project continuing through 2025. The petition was approved by the Florida PSC in November 2022.

Natural Gas Rate Case: In May 2022, our natural gas distribution businesses in Florida (FPU, FPU-Indiantown division, FPUFort Meade division and Chesapeake Utilities CFG division, collectively, 'Florida natural gas distribution businesses') filed a consolidated natural gas rate case with the Florida PSC. The application included a request for the following: (i) permanent rate relief of approximately $24.1 million, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a depreciation study also submitted with the filing; (iii) authorization to make certain changes to tariffs to include the consolidation of rates and rate structure across the businesses and to  unify  the  Florida  natural  gas  distribution  businesses  under  FPU;  (iv)  authorization  to  retain  the  acquisition  adjustment recorded  at  the  time  of  the  FPU  merger  in  our  revenue  requirement;  and  (v)  authorization  to  establish  an  environmental remediation surcharge for the purposes of addressing future expected remediation costs for FPU MGP sites. In August 2022, interim rates were approved by the Florida PSC in the amount of approximately $7.7 million on an annualized basis, effective for all meter readings in September 2022. The discovery process and subsequent hearings were concluded during the fourth quarter of 2022 and briefs were submitted during the same quarter of 2022. In January 2023, the Florida PSC approved the application  for  consolidation  and  permanent  rate  relief  of  approximately  $17.2  million  on  an  annual  basis.  Actual  rates  in connection with the rate relief were approved by the Florida PSC in February 2023 with an effective date of March 1, 2023.

Winter Haven Expansion Project: In  May 2021, Peninsula Pipeline filed a petition with the Florida PSC for approval of its Transportation Service Agreement with CFG for an incremental 6,800 Dts/d of firm service in the Winter Haven, Florida area. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline constructed a new interconnect with FGT and a new regulator station for CFG. This  additional  firm  service  is  supporting  new  incremental  load  due  to  growth,  including  providing  service  to  a  new  can manufacturing facility, as well as providing reliability and operational benefits to CFG's existing distribution system in the area. In connection with Peninsula Pipeline's new regulator station, CFG also extended its distribution system to connect to the new station. The Transportation Service Agreement was approved by the Florida PSC in September 2021 and the project was placed in service during the third quarter of 2022.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Beachside Pipeline Extension: In  June  2021,  Peninsula  Pipeline  and  Florida  City  Gas  entered  into  a  Transportation  Service Agreement for an incremental 10,176 Dts/d of firm service in Indian River County, Florida, to support Florida City Gas' growth along the Indian River's barrier island. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline will construct 11.3 miles of pipeline from its  existing  pipeline  in  the  Sebastian,  Florida  area,  which  will  travel  east  under  the  Intercoastal  Waterway  ("ICW")  and southward on the barrier island. As required by Peninsula Pipeline's tariff and Florida Statutes, Peninsula Pipeline filed the required company and customer affidavits with the Florida PSC in June 2021 and the expected in-service date is during the first quarter of 2023.

St.Cloud / Twin Lakes Expansion: In July 2022, Peninsula Pipeline filed a petition with the Florida PSC for approval of its Transportation Service Agreement with our Florida natural gas division, FPU, for an additional 2,400 Dt/d of firm service in the St. Cloud, Florida area. As part of this agreement, Peninsula Pipeline will construct a pipeline extension and regulator station for FPU. The extension will be used to support new incremental load due to growth in the area, including providing service, most  immediately,  to  the  residential  development,  Twin  Lakes.  The  expansion  will  also  improve  reliability  and  provide operational benefits to FPU's existing distribution system in the area, supporting future growth. The petition was approved by the Florida PSC on October 4, 2022. We expect this expansion to be in service by the second quarter of 2023.

Storm Protection Plan: In 2020, the Florida PSC implemented the Storm Protection Plan ("SPP") and Storm Protection Plan Cost  Recovery  Clause  ("SPPCRC")  rules,  which  require  electric  utilities  to  petition  the  Florida  PSC  for  approval  of  a Transmission and Distribution Storm Protection Plan that covers the utility's immediate 10-year planning period with updates to the plan at least every 3 years. The SPPCR rules allow the utility to file for recovery of associated costs related to its SPP. Our Florida electric distribution operations' SPP and SPPCRC were filed during the first quarter of 2022 and approved in the fourth quarter of 2022 with modifications, by the Florida PSC. Rates associated with this initiative were effective in January 2023.

## Eastern Shore

Southern Expansion Project: In January 2022, Eastern Shore submitted a prior notice filing with the FERC pursuant to blanket certificate  procedures, regarding its proposal to install an additional compressor unit and related facilities at Eastern Shore's existing  compressor  station  in  Bridgeville,  Sussex  County,  Delaware.  The  project  will  enable  Eastern  Shore  to  provide additional firm natural gas transportation service to an existing shipper on Eastern Shore's pipeline system. The project obtained FERC approval in January 2023 and is currently estimated to go into service in the fourth quarter of 2023.

Capital Cost Surcharge: In December 2022, Eastern Shore submitted a filing with the FERC regarding a capital cost surcharge to recover capital costs associated with mandated highway relocate projects that required the replacement of existing Eastern Shore facilities and a Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration ("PHMSA") compliance project. The capital cost surcharge is an approved item in the settlement of Eastern Shore's last rate case. In conjunction with the filing of this surcharge, pursuant to the settlement agreement, a cumulative adjustment to the existing surcharge to reflect additional depreciation was included  in  this  filing.  The  FERC  issued  an  order  approving  the  surcharge  as  filed  on  December  19,  2022.  The  combined revised surcharge became effective January 1, 2023.

## COVID-19 Impact

In March 2020, the CDC declared a national emergency due to the rapidly growing outbreak of COVID-19. In response to this declaration and the rapid spread of COVID-19 within the United States, federal, state and local governments throughout the country imposed varying degrees of restrictions on social and commercial activity to promote social distancing in an effort to slow the spread of the illness. These restrictions significantly impacted economic conditions in the United States in 2020 and continued  to  impact  economic  conditions,  to  a  lesser  extent,  through  2021  and  2022.  Chesapeake  Utilities  is  considered  an 'essential  business,'  which  allowed  us  to  continue  operational  activities  and  construction  projects  with  appropriate  safety precautions and personal protective equipment, while being mindful of the social distancing restrictions that were in place.

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and related restrictions, we experienced reduced consumption of energy largely in the commercial and industrial sectors, higher bad debt expenses and incremental expenses associated with COVID-19, including expenditures  associated  with  personal  protective  equipment  and  premium  pay  for  field  personnel.  The  additional  operating expenses we incurred support the ongoing delivery of our essential services during these unprecedented times. In April and May 2020, we were authorized by the Maryland and Delaware PSCs, respectively, to record regulatory assets for COVID-19 related costs which offered us the ability to seek recovery of those costs. In July 2021, the Florida PSC issued an order that approved incremental expenses we incurred due to COVID-19. The order allowed us to establish a regulatory asset in a total amount of $2.1 million as of June 30, 2021 for natural gas and electric distribution operations. The regulatory asset is being amortized  over  two  years  and  is  recovered  through  the  Purchased  Gas  Adjustment  and  Swing  Service  mechanisms  for  our natural gas distribution businesses and through the Fuel Purchased Power Cost Recovery clause for our electric division. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our total COVID-19 regulatory asset balance was $1.2 million and $2.3 million, respectively.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

In 2021 and 2022, restrictions were gradually lifted as vaccines became widely available in the United States. The various state of  emergencies  associated  with  the  COVID-19  pandemic  that  were  previously  declared  in  our  service  territories  have  been terminated and we have adjusted our operating practices accordingly to ensure the safety of our operations and will take the necessary  actions  to  comply  with  the  CDC,  and  the  Occupational  Safety  and  Health  Administration,  as  new  developments occur.

## Summary TCJA Table

Customer rates for our regulated business were adjusted as approved by the regulators, prior to 2020 except for Elkton Gas, which implemented a one-time bill credit in May 2020. The following table summarized the regulatory liabilities related to accumulated deferred taxes ("ADIT") associated with TCJA for our regulated businesses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Amount (in thousands)  Operation and Regulatory  Jurisdiction  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Status  Eastern Shore (FERC)  $34,190  $34,190  Will be addressed in Eastern Shore's next rate case  filing.  Chesapeake Delaware natural gas  division (Delaware PSC)  $12,230  $12,591  PSC  approved  amortization  of  ADIT  in  January  2019.  Chesapeake Maryland natural  gas division (Maryland PSC)  $3,703  $3,840  PSC approved amortization of ADIT in May 2018.  Sandpiper Energy (Maryland  PSC)  $3,597  $3,656  PSC approved amortization of ADIT in May 2018.  Chesapeake Florida natural gas  division/CFG (Florida PSC)  $7,846  $8,032  PSC  issued  order  authorizing  amortization  and  retention of net ADIT liability by the Company in  February 2019.  FPU Natural Gas (excludes Fort  Meade and Indiantown) (Florida  PSC)  $19,074  $19,189  Same  treatment  on  a  net  basis  as  Chesapeake  Florida Gas Division (above).  FPU Fort Meade and Indiantown  natural gas divisions (Florida  PSC)  $259  $271  Same  treatment  on  a  net  basis  as  Chesapeake  Florida Gas Division (above).  FPU electric division (Florida  PSC)  $4,993  $5,237  In  January  2019,  PSC  issued  order  approving  amortization  of  ADIT  through  purchased  power  cost recovery, storm reserve and rates.  Elkton Gas (Maryland PSC)  $1,059  $1,091  PSC  approved  amortization  of  ADIT  in  March  2018.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Regulatory Assets and Liabilities

At  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  our  regulated  utility  operations  recorded  the  following  regulatory  assets  and  liabilities included in our consolidated balance sheets. These assets and liabilities will be recognized as revenues and expenses in future periods as they are reflected in customers' rates.

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  Regulatory Assets  Under-recovered purchased fuel, gas and conservation cost recovery  (1)(2)  $  43,583  $  9,199  Under-recovered GRIP revenue  (3)  1,705  2,101  Deferred postretirement benefits  (4)  13,927  16,749  Deferred conversion and development costs  (1)  23,653  23,383  Acquisition adjustment  (5)  25,609  27,182  Deferred costs associated with COVID-19  (6)  1,233  2,289  Deferred storm costs  (7)  27,687  36,004  Other  12,257  7,060  Total Regulatory Assets  $  149,654  $  123,967  Regulatory Liabilities  Self-insurance  (8)  $  339  $  563  Over-recovered purchased fuel and conservation cost recovery  (1)  3,827  1,073  Storm reserve  (8)  2,845  2,829  Accrued asset removal cost  (9)  50,261  47,887  Deferred income taxes due to rate change  (10)  87,690  88,804  Interest related to storm recovery  (7)  1,207  2,146  Other  1,851  1,498  Total Regulatory Liabilities  $  148,020  $  144,800   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) We are allowed to recover the asset or are required to pay the liability in rates. We do not earn an overall rate of return on these assets.

(2) At December 31, 2022, includes $21.2 million being recovered over a three year period primarily concentrated in our electric division. Per Florida PSC approval, our electric division was allowed to recover these amounts over an extended period of time in an effort to reduce the impact of increased commodity prices to our customers. Recovery of these costs began in January 2023.

(3) The  Florida  PSC  allowed  us  to  recover  through  a  surcharge,  capital  and  other  program-related-costs,  inclusive  of  an  appropriate  return  on  investment, associated with accelerating the replacement of qualifying distribution mains and services (defined as any material other than coated steel or plastic) in FPU's natural gas distribution, Fort Meade division and Chesapeake Utilities' CFG division. We are allowed to recover the asset or are required to pay the liability in rates related to GRIP.

(4) The Florida PSC allowed FPU to treat as a regulatory asset the portion of the unrecognized costs pursuant to ASC Topic 715 , Compensation - Retirement Benefits ,  related  to  its  regulated  operations.  This  balance  also  includes  the  portion  of  pension  settlement  expense  associated  with  the  termination  of  the Chesapeake  Pension  Plan  pursuant  to  an  order  from  the  FERC  and  the  respective  PSCs  that  allowed  us  to  defer  Eastern  Shore,  Delaware  and  Maryland Divisions' portion. See Note 16 , Employee Benefit Plans, for additional information.

(5) We are allowed to include the premiums paid in various natural gas utility acquisitions in Florida in our rate bases and recover them over a specific time period  pursuant  to  the  Florida  PSC  approvals.  We  paid  $34.2  million  of  the  premium  in  2009,  including  a  gross  up  for  income  tax,  because  it  is  not  tax deductible, and $0.7 million of the premium paid by FPU in 2010.

(6) We deferred as regulatory assets the net incremental expense impact associated with the net expense impact of COVID-19 as authorized by the stated PSCs.

(7) The Florida PSC authorized us to recover regulatory assets (including interest) associated with the recovery of Hurricanes Michael and Dorian storm costs which will be amortized between 6 and 10 years. Recovery of these costs includes a component of an overall return on capital additions and regulatory assets.

(8) We have storm reserves in our Florida regulated energy operations and self-insurance for our regulated energy operations that allow us to collect through rates amounts to be used against general claims, storm restoration costs and other losses as they are incurred.

(9) See Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for additional information on our asset removal cost policies.

(10) We recorded a regulatory liability for our regulated businesses related to the revaluation of accumulated deferred tax assets/liabilities as a result of the TCJA. The liability will be amortized over a period between 5 to 80 years based on the remaining life of the associated property. Based upon the regulatory proceedings,  we  will  pass  back  the  respective  portion  of  the  excess  accumulated  deferred  taxes  to  rate  payers.  See  Note  11, Income  Taxes ,  for  additional information.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 19. ENVIRONMENTAL COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental quality and pollution control. These laws and regulations require us to remove or remediate, at current and former operating sites, the effect on the environment of the disposal or release of specified substances.

## MGP Sites

We have participated in the investigation, assessment or remediation of, and have exposures at, seven former MGP sites. We have received approval for recovery of clean-up costs in rates for sites located in Salisbury, Maryland; Seaford, Delaware; and Winter Haven, Key West, Pensacola, Sanford and West Palm Beach, Florida.

As  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  we  had  approximately  $4.3  million  and  $5.2  million,  respectively,  in  environmental liabilities, related to the former MGP sites. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have cumulative regulatory assets of $0.8 million and $1.3 million, respectively, for future recovery of environmental costs for customers. Specific to FPU's four MGP sites in Key West, Pensacola, Sanford and West Palm Beach, FPU has approval to recover, from insurance and from customers through rates, up to $14.0 million of its environmental costs related to its MGP sites. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have  recovered  approximately  $13.3  million  and  $12.9  million,  respectively,  leaving  approximately  $0.7  million  and  $1.1 million, respectively, in regulatory assets for future recovery of environmental costs from FPU's customers.

Environmental  liabilities  for  our  MGP  sites  are  recorded  on  an  undiscounted  basis  based  on  the  estimate  of  future  costs provided  by  independent  consultants.  We  continue  to  expect  that  all  costs  related  to  environmental  remediation  and  related activities, including any potential future remediation costs for which we do not currently have approval for regulatory recovery, will be recoverable from customers through rates.

Remediation is ongoing for the MGP's in Winter Haven and Key West in Florida and in Seaford, Delaware and the remaining clean-up costs are estimated to be between $0.3 million to $0.9 million for these three sites. The Environmental Protection Agency has approved a "site-wide ready for anticipated use" status for the Sanford, Florida MGP site, which is the final step before delisting a site. The remaining remediation expenses for the Sanford MGP site are immaterial.

The remedial actions  approved  by  the  Florida  Department  of  Environmental  Protection  have  been  implemented  on  the  east parcel  of  our  West  Palm  Beach  Florida  site.  Similar  remedial  actions  have  been  initiated  on  the  site's  west  parcel,  and construction of active remedial systems are expected to be completed in 2023. We expect the costs to clean-up the site to be between $3.3 million to $14.2 million, including any potential costs associated with future redevelopment of the properties.

## 20. OTHER COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

## Natural Gas, Electric and Propane Supply

In March 2020, our Delmarva Peninsula natural gas distribution operations entered into asset management agreements with a third party to manage their natural gas transportation and storage capacity. The agreements were effective as of April 1, 2020 and expire in March 2023.

FPU  natural  gas  distribution  operations  and  Eight  Flags  have  separate  asset  management  agreements  with  Emera  Energy Services, Inc. to manage their natural gas transportation capacity. These agreements commenced in November 2020 and expire in March 2029.

Chesapeake  Utilities'  Florida  Division  has  firm  transportation  service  contracts  with  FGT  and  Gulfstream.  Pursuant  to  a capacity release program approved by the Florida PSC, all of the capacity under these agreements has been released to various third  parties.  Under  the  terms  of  these  capacity  release  agreements,  Chesapeake  Utilities  is  contingently  liable  to  FGT  and Gulfstream should any party, that acquired the capacity through release, fail to pay the capacity charge. To date, Chesapeake Utilities has not been required to make a payment resulting from this contingency.

FPU's electric supply contracts require FPU to maintain an acceptable standard of creditworthiness based on specific financial ratios. FPU's agreement with Florida Power &amp; Light Company requires FPU to meet or exceed a debt service coverage ratio of 1.25 times based on the results of the prior 12 months. If FPU fails to meet this ratio, it must provide an irrevocable letter of credit or pay all amounts outstanding under the agreement within five business days. FPU's electric supply agreement with Gulf Power requires  FPU  to  meet  the  following  ratios  based  on  the  average  of  the  prior  six  quarters:  (a)  funds  from  operations interest coverage ratio (minimum of 2 times), and (b) total debt to total capital (maximum of 65 percent). If FPU fails to meet the  requirements,  it  has  to  provide  the  supplier  a  written  explanation  of  actions  taken,  or  proposed  to  be  taken,  to  become compliant. Failure to comply with the ratios specified in the Gulf Power agreement could also result in FPU having to provide

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

an irrevocable letter of credit. As of December 31, 2022, FPU was in compliance with all of the requirements of its supply contracts.

Eight Flags provides electricity and steam generation services through its CHP plant located on Amelia Island, Florida. In June 2016, Eight Flags began selling power generated from the CHP plant to FPU pursuant to a 20-year power purchase agreement for distribution to our electric customers. In July 2016, Eight Flags also started selling steam pursuant to a separate 20-year contract, to the landowner on which the CHP plant is located. The CHP plant is powered by natural gas transported by FPU through its distribution system and Peninsula Pipeline through its intrastate pipeline.

The total purchase obligations for natural gas, electric and propane supplies are as follows:

| Year  2023  2024-2025  2026-2027  Beyond 2027  Total  (in thousands)  Purchase Obligations  $  83,521  $  82,815  $  71,327  $  144,768  $  382,431   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Guarantees

The Board of Directors has authorized us to issue corporate guarantees securing obligations of our subsidiaries and to obtain letters of credit securing our subsidiaries' obligations. The maximum authorized liability under such guarantees and letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 was $20.0 million. The aggregate amount guaranteed at December 31, 2022 was approximately $13.5 million with the guarantees expiring on various dates through November 30, 2023.  In addition, the Board has authorized us to issue specific purpose corporate guarantees. The amount of specific purpose guarantees outstanding at December 31, 2022 was $11.1 million, including a guarantee issued in July 2022 in the amount of $7.1 million associated with the Florida natural gas rate case.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  have  issued  letters  of  credit  totaling  approximately  $5.8  million  related  to  the  electric transmission services for FPU's electric division, the firm transportation service agreement between TETLP and our Delaware and Maryland divisions, the capacity agreement between NEXUS and Aspire, and our current and previous primary insurance carriers. These letters of credit have various expiration dates through October 25, 2023. There have been no draws on these letters of credit as of December 31, 2022. We do not anticipate that the counterparties will draw upon these letters of credit, and we expect that they will be renewed to the extent necessary in the future.

## ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.

## ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

## EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the participation of other Company officials, have evaluated our 'disclosure controls and procedures' (as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022.

## CHANGE IN INTERNAL CONTROLS

In  response  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  social  distancing  restrictions  that  were  initially  established  in  our  service territories, we implemented our pandemic response plan which included having office staff work remotely to promote social distancing in efforts to reduce the ongoing spread of COVID-19. As vaccines became widely available and states of emergency in all of our service territories expired, we adjusted our operating practices accordingly to ensure the safety of our operations and  continue  to  take  the  necessary  actions  to  comply  with  the  CDC,  and  the  Occupational  and  Safety  and  Health Administration, as new developments occur. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, our modified pandemic response plan did not result in a change in the design or operations of our internal controls over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. There has been no change in internal  control  over  financial  reporting  (as  such  term  is  defined  in  Exchange  Act  Rule  13a-15(f))  that  occurred  during  the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.

## CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATIONS

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have filed with the SEC the certifications required by Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  of  2002  as  Exhibits  31.1  and  31.2  to  our  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  fiscal  year  ended December 31, 2022. In addition, on June 2, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer certified to the NYSE that he was not aware of any violation by us of the NYSE corporate governance listing standards.

## MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures  that:  (i)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  which  in  reasonable  detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  GAAP  and  that  receipts  and  expenditures  of  the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the  criteria  established  in  an  updated  report  entitled  'Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework,'  issued  in  May  2013  by  the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also,  projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our  management  has  evaluated  and  concluded  that  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  effective  as  of December 31, 2022.

Our independent registered public accounting firm, Baker Tilly US, LLP, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022,  as  stated  in  its  attestation  report  which  appears  under  Part  II, Item  8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data .

## ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION.

None.

## ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

None.

## PART III

## ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

We have adopted  a  Code  of  Ethics  that  applies  to  our  Principal  Executive  Officer,  President,  Principal  Financial  Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, Corporate Controller and persons performing similar functions, which is a 'code of ethics' as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. This Code of Ethics is publicly available on our website at  https://www.chpk.com.  If  we  make  any  amendments  to  this  code  other  than  technical,  administrative  or  other  nonsubstantive  amendments,  or  grant  any  waivers,  including  implicit  waivers,  from  a  provision  of  this  code  to  our  Principal Executive  Officer,  Principal  Financial  Officer,  Principal  Accounting  Officer,  Corporate  Controller,  or  persons  performing similar functions, we intend to disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies by posting such information on our website at the address and location specified above.

The remaining information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of our Proxy Statement captioned  'Election  of  Directors  (Proposal  1),'  'Governance  Trends  and  Director  Education,"  "Corporate  Governance Practices,' 'Board of Directors and its Committees' and 'Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports.'

## ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of our Proxy Statement captioned 'Director Compensation,' 'Executive Compensation' and 'Compensation Discussion and Analysis".

## ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections of our Proxy Statement captioned 'Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management' and "Equity Compensation Plan Information."

## ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.

The  information  required  by  this  Item  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  the  section  of  our  Proxy  Statement  captioned 'Corporate Governance Practices' and "Director Independence."

## ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the portion of the Proxy Statement captioned 'Fees and Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm."  The Company's independent registered public accounting firm is Baker Tilly US, LLP, PCAOB ID: (23)

## ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report:

(a)(1) All of the financial statements, reports and notes to the financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(a)(2) Schedule II-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts.

(a)(3) The Exhibits below.

| - Exhibit 1.1 Equity  Distribution  Agreement  dated  August  17,  2020,  by  and  between  Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of RBC Capital Markets, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo  Securities,  LLC,  Janney  Montgomery  Scott  LLC,  Guggenheim  Securities,  LLC, Maxim Group LLC, Sidoti &amp; Company, LLC, and Siebert Williams Shank &amp; Co., LLC is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 17, 2020, File No. 001-11590.  - Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2010, File No. 001-11590.  •  Exhibit 3.2  •  Exhibit 3.3  •  Exhibit 3.4  •  Exhibit 3.5  •  Exhibit 3.6  •  Exhibit 3.7  •  Exhibit 4.1  •  Exhibit 4.2  - Exhibit 4.3 Note  Agreement  dated  September  5,  2013,  among  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation,  as issuer, and certain note holders, relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's  3.73%  Senior  Notes  due  2028  and  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation's 3.88% Senior Notes due 2029.†  Amended and Restated Bylaws of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, effective December  4, 2012, are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3 of our Current Report on Form  8-K, filed December 7, 2012, File No. 001-11590.  First  Amendment  to  the  Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws  of  Chesapeake  Utilities Corporation,  effective  December  3,  2014,  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit 3.3 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014,  File No. 001-11590.  Second  Amendment  to  the  Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws  of  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation, effective November 2, 2016, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit  3.3 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, File  No. 001-11590.  Certificate  of  Amendment  to  the  Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our  Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 9, 2017, File No. 001-11590.  Certificate  of  Elimination  of  Series  A  Participating  Cumulative  Preferred  Stock  of  Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to our  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, File No. 001-11590.  Third  Amendment  to  the  Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws  of  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation,  effective  May  8,  2019,  is  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.1  of  our  Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 14, 2019, File No. 001-11590.  Note  Agreement  dated  October  31,  2008,  among  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation,  as  issuer,  General  American  Life  Insurance  Company  and  New  England  Life  Insurance  Company, relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's 5.93%  Senior Notes due 2023.†  Note Agreement dated June 29, 2010, among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer,  Metropolitan  Life  Insurance  Company  and  New  England  Life  Insurance  Company,  relating  to  the  private  placement  of  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation's  5.68%  Senior  Notes due 2026 and Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's 6.43% Senior Notes due 2028.†   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| - Exhibit 4.4 Private Shelf Agreement dated October 8, 2015, between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, and Prudential Investment Management Inc., relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's 3.25% Senior Notes due 2032, 3.98%  Senior  Notes  due  2039,  3.0%  Senior  Notes  due  2035,  and  the  sale  of  other Chesapeake Utilities Corporation unsecured Senior Notes from time to time, is incorporated herein by reference  to  Exhibit  4.1  of  our  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10- Q  for  the  period  ended September 30, 2015, File No. 001-11590.  - Exhibit 4.5 First  Amendment  to  Private  Shelf  Agreement  dated  September  14,  2018,  between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, and PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), and other purchasers that may become party thereto. †  - Exhibit 4.6 Master Note Agreement dated March 2, 2017, among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, NYL Investors LLC, and other certain note holders that may become party thereto from time to time relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's 3.48% Senior Notes due 2038 and Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's 3.58% Senior Notes due 2038, and Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's 2.96% Senior Notes due 2035. †  - Exhibit 4.7 Note  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  August  25,  2021,  by  and  among  Chesapeake  Utilities Corporation,  MetLife  Insurance  K.K.,  Thrivent  Financial  For  Lutherans,  CMFG  Life Insurance  Company,  and  American  Memorial  Life  Insurance  Company  relating  to  the placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporations's 2.49% Senior Notes due 2037. †  •  Exhibit 4.8  •  Exhibit 4.9  •  Exhibit 4.10  •  Exhibit 4.11  •  Exhibit 4.12  •  Exhibit 10.1*  •  Exhibit 10.2*  •  Exhibit 10.3*  •  Exhibit 10.4*  - Exhibit 10.5* First  Amendment  to  the  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  Supplemental  Executive Retirement Plan as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009, is incorporated herein by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.30  of  our  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2010, File No. 001-11590.  Private  Shelf  Agreement,  dated  March  2,  2017,  by  and  among  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation,  Metropolitan  Life  Insurance  Company,  and  MetLife  Investment  Management, LLC, relating to the private placement of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's  2.95% Senior Notes due 2042.†  First  Amendment  to  Private  Shelf  Agreement,  dated  May  14,  2020,  by  and  among  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation,  Metropolitan  Life  Insurance  Company,  and  MetLife  Investment Management, LLC. †  Third  Amendment  to  Private  Shelf  Agreement  dated  February  8,  2023,  between  Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, and PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential  Investment Management, Inc.), and other purchasers that may become party thereto is filed  herewith.  Second Amendment to Private Shelf Agreement, dated February 21, 2023, by and among  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation,  Metropolitan  Life  Insurance  Company,  and  MetLife  Investment Management, LLC is filed herewith.  Description  of  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation's  Securities  Registered  Pursuant  to  Section  12  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  is  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.10  of  our  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended  December 31, 2021, File No. 001-11590.  Chesapeake Utilities Corporation Cash Bonus Incentive Plan, effective January 1, 2015, is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  our  Proxy  Statement  dated  March  31,  2015,  in  connection with our Annual Meeting held on May 6, 2015, File No. 001-11590.  Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, effective  May 2, 2013 is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement dated March 29,  2013 in connection with our Annual Meeting held on May 2, 2013, File No. 001-11590.  Non-Qualified  Deferred  Compensation  Plan,  effective  January  1,  2014,  is  incorporated  herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2013, File No. 001-11590.  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  Supplemental  Executive  Retirement  Plan,  as  amended  and restated effective January 1, 2009, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27  of  our  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2008,  File  No.  001-11590.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| - Exhibit 10.6 Revolving  Credit  Agreement  dated  October  8,  2015,  between  Chesapeake  Utilities Corporation and PNC Bank, National Association, Bank of America, N.A., Citizens Bank N.A., Royal Bank of Canada and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as lenders, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2015, File No. 001-11590.  - Exhibit 10.7 First  Amendment  dated  February  25,  2016  to  the  Revolving  Credit  Agreement  dated October  8,  2015,  between  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  and  PNC  Bank,  National Association,  Bank  of  America,  N.A.,  Citizens  Bank  N.A.,  Royal  Bank  of  Canada  and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as lenders, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, File No. 001-11590.  - Exhibit 10.8 Credit  Agreement,  dated  November  28,  2017,  by  and  between  Chesapeake  Utilities Corporation and Branch Banking and Trust Company is incorporated herein by reference to  Exhibit  10.20  of  our  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.9* Form  of  Performance  Share  Agreement,  effective  February  25,  2019  for  the  period January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2021, pursuant to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and  Jeffry  M.  Householder  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.24  of  our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.10* Note Agreement dated September 28, 2022, among Chesapeake Utilities Corporation, as issuer, PGIM, Inc. (formerly known as Prudential Investment Management, Inc.) and each of  its  affiliates  relating  to  the  private  placement  of  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation's 5.43% Senior Notes due 2038.†  -       Exhibit 10.11 Term Note dated January 31, 2019 issued by Chesapeake Utilities Corporation in favor of Branch Banking &amp; Trust Company is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended  March  30,  2019,  File  No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.12 Term  Loan  Credit  Agreement,  dated  January  31,  2019,  by  and  between  Chesapeake Utilities  Corporation and Branch Banking and Trust Company is incorporated herein by reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  of  our  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended March 30, 2019, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.13* Executive  Retirement  Agreement  dated  October  9,  2019,  between  Chesapeake  Utilities Corporation and Stephen C. Thompson is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.14 Note  Purchase  Agreement  dated  November  19,  2019,  between  Chesapeake  Utilities Corporation, The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, The Guardian Insurance &amp;  Annuity  Company,  Inc.,  Berkshire  Life  Insurance  Company  of  America,  Thrivent Financial  for  Lutherans,  United  of  Omaha  Life  Insurance  Company,  and  CMFG  Life Insurance Company is incorporated herein by reference to our Current Report on Form 8- K filed on November 20, 2019, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.15* Form of Performance Share Agreement, effective December 3, 2019 for the period 2019 to 2021, pursuant to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of Jeffry M. Householder, Beth W. Cooper, James F. Moriarty and Kevin Webber is incorporated herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.26  to  our  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.16* herewith.  Form of Performance Share Agreement dated February 22, 2023 for the period 2023-2025, pursuant  to  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  2013  Stock  and  Incentive  Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of Jeffry M. Householder, Beth  W.  Cooper,  James  F.  Moriarty,  Kevin  Webber  and  Jeffrey  S.  Sylvester  is  filed   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| -       Exhibit 10.17* Form of Performance Share Agreement, effective February 25, 2020 for the period 2020 to 2022, pursuant to Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 2013 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of Jeffry M. Householder, Beth W. Cooper, James F. Moriarty and Kevin Webber is incorporated herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.28  to  our  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.18* Form of Performance Share Agreement, effective February 24, 2021, for the period 2021 to  2023,  pursuant  to  the  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  2013  Stock  and  Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of Jeffry M.  Householder,  Beth  W.  Cooper,  James  F.  Moriarty,  Kevin  Webber,  and  Jeffrey  S. Sylvester  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.18  to  our  Annual  Report  on Form 10-K for the year ended December31, 2021, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.19 Loan  Agreement  dated  April  24,  2020,  between  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  and PNC Bank, National Association is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended  March  31,  2020,  File  No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.20 Loan  Agreement  dated  April  27,  2020,  between  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  and Bank of America, N.A. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.21 Revolving  Line  of  Credit  Note  dated  April  24,  2020  issued  by  Chesapeake  Utilities Corporation  in  favor  of  PNC  Bank,  National  Association  is  incorporated  herein  by reference  to  Exhibit  10.5  to  our  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended March 31, 2020, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.22 Promissory Note dated April 22, 2020, issued by Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and in favor of Bank of America, N.A. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended  March  31,  2020,  File  No. 001-11590.  •       Exhibit 10.23  Credit  Agreement  dated  May  29,  2020,  between  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  and  Citizens Bank National Association is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to  our  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended  June  30,  2020,  File  No.  001-11590.  •       Exhibit 10.24  Loan Agreement dated May 6, 2020 between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Royal  bank of Canada is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report  on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, File No. 001-11590.  •       Exhibit 10.25  Form  of  Revolving  Loan  Note  in  favor  of  Citizens  Bank  National  Association  is  incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for  the quarter ended June 30, 2020, File No. 001-11590.  •       Exhibit 10.26  Form of Revolving Credit Note in favor of Royal Bank of Canada is incorporated herein  by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended  June 30, 2020, File No. 001-11590.  •       Exhibit 10.27  Credit  Agreement,  dated  September  30,  2020,  by  and  between  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation,  PNC  Bank,  National  Association,  and  several  other  financial  institutions  named therein is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report  on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 10.28 Amended  and  Restated  Credit  Agreement,  dated  August  12,  2021,  by  and  between Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation,  PNC  Bank,  National  Association,  and  several  other financial institutions named therein is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, File No. 001-11590  •       Exhibit 10.29*  Executive  Employment  Agreement,  dated  December  16,  2021,  by  and  between  Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Jeffrey S. Sylvester is incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021, File No.  001-11590  -       Exhibit 10.30* Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Jeffry M. Householder is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021, File No. 001-11590   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| -       Exhibit 10.31* Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  and  Beth  W.  Cooper  is  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021, File No. 001-11590  -       Exhibit 10.32* Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and James F. Moriarty is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021, File No. 001-11590  -       Exhibit 10.33* Executive Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  and  Kevin  J.  Webber  is  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2021, File No. 001-11590  -       Exhibit 10.34* Form of Performance Share Agreement, effective February 23, 2022, for the period 2022 to  2024,  pursuant  to  the  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  2013  Stock  and  Incentive Compensation Plan by and between Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and each of Jeffry M. Householder, Beth W. Cooper, James F. Moriarty, Kevin J. Webber, and Jeffrey S. Sylvester  is  incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.34  to  our  Annual  Report  on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, File No. 001-11590.  -       Exhibit 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant is filed herewith.  -       Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is filed herewith.  -       Exhibit 31.1 Certificate  of  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  pursuant  to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d - 14(a), is filed herewith.  -       Exhibit 31.2 Certificate  of  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  Chesapeake  Utilities  Corporation  pursuant  to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d - 14(a), is filed herewith.  •       Exhibit 32.1  Certificate of Chief Executive Officer of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation pursuant to 18  U.S.C. Section 1350, is filed herewith.  •       Exhibit 32.2  Certificate of Chief Financial Officer of Chesapeake Utilities Corporation pursuant to 18  U.S.C. Section 1350, is filed herewith.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

-       Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document is filed herewith.
-       Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document is filed herewith.
-       Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document is filed herewith.
-       Exhibit 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document is filed herewith.
-       Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document is filed herewith.
-       Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document is filed herewith.
-       Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.
* Management contract or compensatory plan or agreement.
- † These agreements have not been filed herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(v) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We hereby agree to furnish copies to the SEC upon request.

## ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY.

None.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Chesapeake Utilities Corporation has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

## CHESAPEAKE UTILITIES CORPORATION

| By:  /s/ JEFFRY M. HOUSEHOLDER  Jeffry M. Householder  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  February 22, 2023  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  /s/ JEFFRY M. HOUSEHOLDER  /S/ BETH W. COOPER  Jeffry M. Householder  Beth W. Cooper, Executive Vice President,  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer  February 22, 2023  and Assistant Corporate Secretary  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  February 22, 2023  /S/ JOHN R. SCHIMKAITIS  /S/ DENNIS S. HUDSON, III  John R. Schimkaitis  Dennis S. Hudson, III, Director  Chair of the Board and Director  February 22, 2023  February 22, 2023  /S/ LISA G. BISACCIA  /S/ LILA A. JABER  Lisa G. Bisaccia, Director  Lila A. Jaber, Director  February 22, 2023  February 22, 2023  /S/ THOMAS J. BRESNAN  /S/ PAUL L. MADDOCK, JR.  Thomas J. Bresnan, Director  Paul L. Maddock, Jr., Director  February 22, 2023  February 22, 2023  /S/ RONALD G. FORSYTHE, JR.  /S/ CALVERT A. MORGAN, JR.  Dr. Ronald G. Forsythe, Jr., Director  Calvert A. Morgan, Jr., Director  February 22, 2023  February 22, 2023  /S/ STEPHANIE N. GARY  /S/ DIANNA F. MORGAN  Stephanie N. Gary, Director  Dianna F. Morgan, Director  February 22, 2023  February 22, 2023  /S/ THOMAS P. HILL, JR.  /S/ SHEREE M. PETRONE  Thomas P. Hill, Jr., Director  Sheree M. Petrone, Director  February 22, 2023  February 22, 2023   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Chesapeake Utilities Corporation and Subsidiaries Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

| Additions  For the Year Ended December 31,  Balance at  Beginning of  Year  Charged to  Income  Other  Accounts  (1)  Deductions  (2)  Balance at End  of Year  (In thousands)  Reserve Deducted From Related Assets  Reserve for Uncollectible Accounts  2022  $  3,141  $  1,550  $  172  $  (1,986)  $  2,877  2021  $  4,785  $  134  $  (125)  $  (1,653)  $  3,141  2020  $  1,337  $  3,827  $  613  $  (992)  $  4,785   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Recoveries and other allowance adjustments.

(2) Uncollectible accounts charged off.

## Corporate Information

## CORPORATE OFFICE

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation 500 Energy Lane Dover, DE  19901

Telephone: 302.734.6799

Website: www.chpk.com

## TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

| Computershare Trust Company, N.A.  c/o Chesapeake Utilities Corporation  P.O. Box 43006  Providence, RI  02940-3078  Toll-Free Telephone  (in US and Canada): 877.498.8865  Outside of US and Canada: 781.575.2879  Website: www.computershare.com/investor   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT AND DIRECT STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

The Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan provides flexible investment options for those who wish to invest in the Company. Common stock holders can have their dividends automatically reinvested to purchase additional shares directly through the Plan and/or send in additional optional cash investments at any time to increase their holdings. New investors can purchase shares directly through the Plan. For more information, please contact the Company's transfer agent (Computershare) as stated above.

## ANALYST INFORMATION

## Beth W. Cooper

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Corporate Secretary bcooper@chpk.com

Alex S. Whitelam Head of Investor Relations awhitelam@chpk.com

## COMMON STOCK AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

<!-- image -->

NYSE: CPK

Chesapeake Utilities Corporation's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CPK .

| QUARTER  ENDED 2022  PRICE RANGE  DIVIDENDS  DECLARED  PER SHARE*  HIGH  LOW  CLOSE  MARCH 31  $ 146.30  $ 125.39  $ 137.76  $0.4800  JUNE 30  $ 142.39  $ 117.43  $ 129.55  $0.5350  SEPTEMBER 30  $ 138.49  $ 114.49  $ 115.39  $0.5350  DECEMBER 31  $ 126.85  $ 105.79  $ 118.18  $0.5350   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| QUARTER  ENDED 2021  PRICE RANGE  DIVIDENDS  DECLARED  PER SHARE*  HIGH  LOW  CLOSE  MARCH 31  $ 121.04  $  99.64  $ 116.08  $0.4400  JUNE 30  $ 124.94  $ 113.49  $ 120.33  $0.4800  SEPTEMBER 30  $ 133.40  $ 1 1 7. 41  $ 120.05  $0.4800  DECEMBER 31  $ 146.07  $ 120.77  $ 145.81  $0.4800   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Declaration of dividends is at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Dividends in 2022 and 2021 were paid quarterly.

## PUBLIC INFORMATION AND SEC FILINGS

Our latest news and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, are available to view or request a printed copy, free of charge, at our website, www.chpk.com .

If you wish to request a printed copy of any of the Company's publications by mail, please send your written request to Investor Relations at the Corporate Office.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS/ SHAREHOLDER SERVICES

Heidi W. Watkins Shareholder Services Manager Telephone (toll free): 888.742.5275 hwatkins@chpk.com

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->