<!-- image -->

## China MeiDong Auto Holdings Limited

## 中國美東汽車控股有限公司

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code : 1268

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

- 2 GEOGRAPHICAL COVERAGE
- 4 CORPORATE INFORMATION
- 5 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
- 12 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
- 22 BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
- 27 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
- 47 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
- 65 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
- 76 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
- 78 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
- 80 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
- 82 CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
- 83 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
- 190 FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

Porsche €

Centre

Mingnan

## GEOGRAPHICAL COVERAGE

## Guangdong

<!-- image -->

## Porsche

- (1) Shunde Dongbao*
- (2) Shantou Dongbao*
- (3) Jieyang Dongbao*
- (4) Guangzhou Dongbao

<!-- image -->

## BMW

- (5) Yangjiang Meibaohang*
- (6) Guangzhou Meibaohang
- (7) Xintang Meibaohang
- (8) Dongguan Meibaohang (70%)

## Lexus

- (9) Dongguan Meidong (49%)
- (10)  Foshan Meidong
- (11)  Zhuhai Meidong
- (12)  Qingyuan Meidong*
- (13)  Yangjiang Meidong*
- (14)  Doumen Meidong (71%)
- (15)  Tangxia Meidong (69%)
- (16)  Shaoguan Meidong*
- (17)  Jiangmen Meidong

## Toyota

- (18)  Dongguan Dongbu
- (19)  Dongguan Dongmei
- (20)  Dongguan Dongxin
- (21)  Dongguan Meixin
- (22)  Wangniudun Meidong
- (23)  Dongguan Meiyue

## Audi Quoi

(24)  Heyuan Guanao*

## Beijing &amp; Hebei

<!-- image -->

## BMW

- (25)  Chengde Meibaohang*
- (26)  Beijing Huibaohang
- (27)  Beijing Meibaohang (70%)
- (28)  Langfang Guanbaohang
- (29)  Bazhou Guanbaohang*

## Toyota

(30)  Bazhou Guanyue*

## Lexus

- (31)  Beijing Meidong
- (32)  Langfang Meidong

## Notes:

(1)

Apart from the stores marked by brackets, the others are 100% owned by the Group.

(2)

Including a joint venture in which the Group owns 49% equity interest (Dongguan Meidong).

* Single City Single Store

## Hubei

<!-- image -->

## Porsche

(33)  Wuhan Xinbao (34)  Wuchang Xinbao

<!-- image -->

## BMW

(35)  Huanggang Baoxinhang*

## Hunan

<!-- image -->

## BMW

- (36)  Zhuzhou Meibaohang*
- (37)  Hengyang Meibaohang*
- (38)  Changde Meibaohang*
- (39)  Yueyang Meibaohang*
- (40)  Liuyang Meibaohang*
- (41)  Yongzhou Meibaohang*

## Lexus

- (42)  Changsha Meidong

- (43)  Zhuzhou Meidong*

- (44)  Hengyang Meidong*

TOYOTA

## Toyota

(45)  Yiyang Dongxin*

## Gansu

<!-- image -->

Lexus

(46)  Lanzhou Meidong*

## Jiangxi

<!-- image -->

## Porsche

(47)  Ganzhou Xinbao*

(48)  Nanchang Jubao

<!-- image -->

## BMW

- (49)  Jingdezhen Meibaohang*
- (50)  Shangrao Meibaohang
- (51)  Xinyu Meibaohang*
- (52)  Jiujiang Huibaohang

## Toyota

- (53)  Xinyu Dongbu*
- (54)  Jiujiang Dongbu*

## Fujian

## Lexus

(56)  Longyan Meidong*

(55)  Xiamen Meidong

Toyota

- (57)  Quanzhou Meidong

## Anhui

TOYOTA

## Toyota

<!-- image -->

(58)  Huangshan Dongbu*

<!-- image -->

## BMW

- (59)  Huaibei Meibaohang*
- (60)  Suzhou Meibaohang*
- (61)  Chizhou Meibaohang*
- (62)  Chuzhou Meibaohang*
- (63)  Tongling Meibaohang*
- (64)  Huangshan Meibaohang*

## Shandong

<!-- image -->

## Porsche

- (65)  Jinan Jubao (70%)
- (66)  Jinan Dongbao
- (67)  Qingdao Dongbao*
- (68)  Weifang Xinbao*

## Jiangsu

## Lexus

(69)  Nanjing Meidong

- (70)  Tangshan Meidong

<!-- image -->

## Porsche

(71)  Nanjing Dongbao

## Tianjin

## Lexus

(72)  Tianjin Meidong

<!-- image -->

## Porsche

(73)  Tianjin Dongbao

## Sichuan

<!-- image -->

## BMW

(74)  Guangan Baotai*

## Henan

<!-- image -->

## Porsche

(75)  Henan Dongbao

## Chongqing

<!-- image -->

## Porsche

(76)  Chongqing Dongbao

## GEOGRAPHICAL COVERAGE

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

YE Fan (Chairman) YE Tao (Chief Executive Officer) LUO Liuyu

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

CHEN Guiyi WANG, Michael Chou TO Siu Lun

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE

YE Tao WONG Cheung Ki Johnny FCPA, FCG (CS, CGP), HKFCG (CS, CGP)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

WONG Cheung Ki Johnny FCPA, FCG (CS, CGP), HKFCG (CS, CGP)

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

TO Siu Lun (Chairman) CHEN Guiyi WANG, Michael Chou

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

WANG, Michael Chou (Chairman) CHEN Guiyi TO Siu Lun

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

YE Fan (Chairman) TO Siu Lun WANG, Michael Chou

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square Hutchins Drive PO Box 2681 Grand Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN PRC

13th Floor, Unit A1 Tian An Tech Industry Building Huangjin Road Nancheng District, Dongguan Guangdong, PRC

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Room 2404 24th Floor, World-Wide House 19 Des Voeux Road Central Hong Kong

## AUDITOR

KPMG Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance Certified Public Accountants 8th Floor, Prince's Building 10 Chater Road Central, Hong Kong

## LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW

HW Lawyers

## CAYMAN ISLANDS SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited Cricket Square Hutchins Drive PO Box 2681 Grand Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Investor Services Limited 17/F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited

## STOCK CODE

1268

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE

www.meidongauto.com

Note: Mr.  TO  Siu  Lun  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director,  the  Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee,  and  a member  of  each  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Nomination  Committee  with  effect  from  30  November  2022, following the resignation of Mr. JIP Ki Chi from the above positions with effect on the same date.

## Dear Shareholders:

If you wanted to drop by our Zhengzhou store in June or our Lanzhou store in September last year, eager to buy a Porsche or Lexus, you would have left empty-handed-or never been able to visit at all.  For one, two, or even three months in some cities, cars collected dust as quarantines prevented our sales teams from working and our customers from visiting.  While customer leads in 2022 grew by 16%, store foot traffic reduced by 15%-meaning that roughly 30% of our potential customers couldn't drop by our stores, couldn't test drive our cars, and couldn't leave with keys in hand.

Due to unparalleled disruptions in basic commercial activities, throughout most of 2022 we were either without employees or without customers.  This challenge was so extreme that it overshadowed another seismic change that occurred in 2022: the growth of electric vehicles. The year 2022 witnessed electric vehicles taking close to 30% of the new car market share.  The year 2022 also saw great product improvements by many electric vehicle makers and significant struggles by others.  The year ended with electric vehicles facing more supply than demand, leading to rapid price wars.

What do we predict for 2023 and beyond?  We don't know how quickly or by how much consumption is going to recover.  We believe that the oversupply is likely to continue, resulting in an escalating price war.  We should be prepared to survive in an environment as difficult as, if not more than, that of 2022.  We need to quickly become much more efficient-even though we are already known for our efficiency.  We will discuss our vision for increasing our efficiency in great detail in this letter.

Let us first review our 2022 operations.

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDER

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

## OPERATIONAL SUMMARY 2022

In 2022, our profit went down by 54.2% to 556 million RMB from 1213 million RMB in 2021. The biggest reason was the drop in the new car sales margin, from 6.8% to 3.4%, caused by the severe macro-condition and the resulting oversupply.  This drop occurred across all our brands, with BMW suffering the most.  The reduction in new car profit, coupled with the non-cash and non-operating expenses from the StarChase acquisition, has produced the biggest decline in our profit since we went public.

We did have some bright spots in 2022.  We grew services revenue and services gross profit both by about 22%.  Even without considering StarChase services revenue, we still would have grown services revenue and gross profit by about 7%.  Our inventory at the end of the year was 11.5 days, a healthy level, though substantially higher than the 5.8 days recorded last year.  We sold 10% more and serviced 9% more cars with 13% fewer employees than our peak level in April.

The StarChase integration has been a reasonable success.  If we were to annualize 8 months of operations since April, we would have improved sales units, sales revenue, services revenue, and operating profit by about 5.4%, 12.6%, 24.0%, and 8.3%, respectively.  These approximate results, though short of our original goals, offer us confidence that our efficiency did work for M&amp;A, even under the most austere conditions.

Profit in 2022 was bad.  Our experience in 2022 was painful.  Yet we survived with low inventory, a healthy balance sheet, plenty of cash, and a strong team.  We believe that we survived last year due to our efficiency.  To survive future challenges, we need to become even more efficient.

## EFFICIENCY: PAST AND FUTURE

Our vision is to become the most efficient company.  Our culture and people were built upon this vision.  Our strategies and operations evolved around this vision.  We define efficiency as optimizing returns at a given level of invested capital, time frame, risk, and effort.  We optimize the ratio of a numerator over a denominator, not just the numerator or the denominator-output over input, profit over sales, results over effort, etc.  This logic is essential because it has guided us into fundamentally different principles and strategies compared to the rest of our industry.

Let us review how we applied this logic to our strategies and operations.

Low inventory (fast turns) is our most important principle, and it aims to optimize profit over invested inventory-not just profit.  Suppose we sell 100 cars from our inventory and make 10 thousand RMB each; we would make a profit of 1 million RMB.  If our goal is to maximize to a 2 million RMB profit, the intuitive way to achieve this goal is to buy 200 cars into our inventory and sell them.  However, if our purpose is to optimize the ratio of profit over inventory, the logic is different.  We would avoid increasing inventory as it dilutes the ratio.  How do we get to a profit of 2 million RMB then?  The answer is to turn the 100-car inventory twice as fast.  Both roads lead to Rome, but the road with faster inventory turns is more efficient, though not as straightforward and somewhat counterintuitive.  This example, as simple as it may be, illuminates the logical difference in ratio-based and absolute-number-based optimization and the resulting divergence in actions.

A third way to get to 2 million RMB in profit is to simply increase the gross margin per car from 10 thousand to 20 thousand RMB.  Yet it is difficult to achieve this in practice because the gross margin depends on factors partially or completely out of our control: macroeconomics, industrial policies, OEM's supply and demand, competitors' inventory levels, etc.  As these factors are often structural in nature, designing strategies around them is often more realistic.  For example, we focus on luxury cars because they carry high margins and will probably continue to do so in the future.  We mostly work with Porsche, Lexus, and BMW because they manage supply and demand better than other brands.  A good balance between supply and demand enables high and stable margins.  We have grown organically with Single-City-Single-Store locations because these locations face less competition and enable structurally better margins.  Interestingly, having a low inventory should in theory help margins.  Having a lower-than-industry inventory means having a better balance between supply and demand, enabling better margins.  To turn this theory into reality, we need clear and practical logic between inventory turns and gross margin, a data system with a high level of granularity, and a decentralized decision-making organization. These tasks are among our primary focuses going forward, and we are excited about their potential.

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Our other operating principles, such as the services absorption ratio, new store ROI, and brand selection in M&amp;A, all stem from the logic of efficiency.  The services absorption ratio measures the degree to which services gross profit covers the totality of a store's cost.  New store ROI gauges the ramp-up success of a new store by measuring the years the store takes to fully recover the initial investment.  Our brand selection in M&amp;A is mostly based on the brand's inherent efficiency-the historical new car margin, the scale of services revenue, the services gross margin, etc.

Efficiency is a constrained optimization, not an unbounded optimization at any cost.  The latter sounds exciting and grandiose, yet often produces disasters, like most utopian dreams.  These constraints include the macroeconomic environment, industrial policies, evolutions and disruptions, etc.  They also include our capabilities, limitations, and financial resources.  For constraints over which we have little control, we set them as boundary conditions akin to engineers' assumption that apples fall from trees to the ground, not the sky.  For constraints we can influence or control, we change them to benefit us.  Understanding and respecting these constraints allows us to be grounded in reality and to act with purpose.  It keeps us humble, rational, and sane.

Let us discuss examples of how we made decisions in a constrained environment.  At a given ROA, increasing leverage enhances ROE and makes our balance sheet more efficient.  Yet, leverage is a risk that is amplified by economic fluctuations.  After experiencing 2022, we decided to be more prudent and took on less risk, even if it meant that we were less efficient and optimized with the balance sheet.  In this case, being sensitive to the macroeconomic condition, a constraint over which we have little control, allows us to balance the tradeoff between ROE and risks.  As another example, our competency was not in luxury when we went public because only six out of our fourteen stores were luxury.  This was a constraint we could change and, in the pursuit of efficiency, we decided to focus on the profitable luxury market.  Today, we have probably one of the best luxury portfolios.  The last example is the closing of our two Hyundai stores.  The revenue from Hyundai is no longer efficient, as the brand faces increasingly stiff competition from electric vehicles and other brands.  We decided that the most efficient action to take under this new constraint was to close our stores.

Constraints sometimes change swiftly and disruptively.  The electric vehicle revolution, for example, fundamentally disrupted the operating boundaries of the automobile market.  This uncontrollable constraint demands we improve efficiency at a faster pace.  If we can provide sufficient returns to shareholders even in the worst-case scenario, we can happily ride into the sunset to play golf or operate hole-in-the-wall restaurants (you can guess which hobby belongs to which of us).  More importantly, the motivation to become more efficient stems from our belief that the electric vehicle market requires companies to be far more efficient.  Our belief was validated by the rapid transition in 2022 from demand over supply to supply over demand.  The numerous price cuts and stock excesses foretold only one story: a hyper-competitive electric vehicle market on the horizon.  Surviving players need to be incredibly efficient.  We will be one of those players.

Now let us talk about efficiency in the context of our people and culture.

China Meidong Auto Holdings Limited • Annual Report 2022

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Firstly, the pursuit of efficiency makes us act with purpose and discipline.  We ask for objectives before the start of any meeting.  We measure employee productivity before and after adding headcounts.  We project returns before investments and rigorously track returns after.  We treat assets as responsibilities-even liabilities-because they must be productive.  Many years ago, I tracked the frequency of our Chairman's visits to his numerous offices.  At the time, every store installed a fancy Chairman's office with splendid-yet lonely-furniture.  The Chairman never visited his offices, but dust did.  We did away with all the Chairman's store offices, leaving him with only one office at our headquarters.  Our Chairman gets a bit upset reminiscing about my prank.  He really shouldn't get cranky, in my opinion, because he still has one more office than his brother.

Secondly, the pursuit of efficiency minimizes the friction of our interactions.  We speak with data and persuade with logic when data is difficult to obtain.  We believe that the best process is no process and the next best process is still no process.  We focus on results and empower frontline employees to use methods they see fit (within the boundaries of ethics and legality). We despise unnecessary complications and pretentious grandeur.  We view fancy presentations stuffed with big words and little content as hollow, wasteful, hypocritical, and the quickest way to get fired.  We believe in direct, simple, and no-nonsense interactions-the only exception being making bad jokes.  Our people inundate each other with spontaneous, bad jokes.  They are well trained in this regard, thanks to their bosses' utterly tasteless sense of humor.

Lastly, and most importantly, sharing our efficiency vision enables us to become unified and cohesive.  This unity and cohesion become stronger as the outside environment gets tougher, as testified by 2022.  To conclude this shareholder letter, I attach a happy New Year note we wrote to our employees.  This note describes how we united as a team to persevere in 2022.  Hopefully, after you read this note, you will agree that Henry Ford's quote exemplifies our team: 'If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.'

Thank you for your support.

Ye Fan/Ye Tao

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

## Attachment: 2023 Happy New Year Note

Hello, Team:

Happy New Year.

In the past, Ye Fan and I rarely wrote anything to you to mark the new year.  We would simply rain the chat groups with red packets and be gone.  This passing 2022 is different.  You endured so many tough and challenging moments that we felt we owe you this note.  As always, you should collect your well-deserved red packets.  It is up to you if you want to read our gibberish.

The biggest challenge in the past year stems from COVID-19.  Each of us could probably write a book of personal stories regarding our perseverance.  A tough experience certainly belongs to Pan Hong Ming's team (Beijing BMW) and Wang Wenju's team (Langfang BMW), both quarantined for over 70 days.  The champion medal probably goes to Wang Xuejian (Lanzhou Lexus) for close to 80 days in quarantine.  We all were caged birds at one point or another and my heart goes out to all of you who endured.  I was quarantined for 28 days in April when I returned from abroad, with the last seven days in a small hotel in rural Dongguan.  I have gained a new appreciation for the ferocity and tenacity of spring mosquitos.

In this unprecedented difficult environment, our team displayed tremendous resolve, toughness, and creativity.  When a Covid-positive customer wanted to buy a car, our Covid-positive colleagues served him.  Marketing teams switched to sales when sales teams got infected.  With stores shut down, online sales teams continued by carrying the video equipment home and using their own cars as demos.  We signed contracts with customers in Starbucks; we delivered cars to customers' offices; we performed services at customers' homes; and we were, in one case, three times more productive than in our workshops.

We demonstrated the strength of our culture repeatedly.  When our Wuhan #1 store was shut down, all 100 employees continued serving their customers without missing a beat at our Wuhan #2 store.  (Unfortunately, and ironically, #2 was shut down shortly thereafter).  Li Zhaowang (Bazhou BMW) ran out of food in confinement and fed himself with chilies and rice for days. Zhaowang is not as lucky as Pan Hongming (Beijing Lexus), who quarantined with his colleague Tan Guojun (Beijing BMW).  Tan turned out to be a great cook-and can be blamed for Pan's enhanced waistline.  Chen Xinren (Wuchang Porsche) was quarantined alongside his beloved tofu and sausages.  Safe to say that tofu and sausages are no longer his love.

The year 2022 is finally over.  Let us rejoice.  Let us remember the difficulties and the harshness. Let us also never forget the creativity and resourcefulness we have improvised, and the toughness and tenacity we have displayed.

2022 also saw us integrating StarChase.  In hindsight, the integration was quite successful.  We have become a far more important member of the Porsche family and our product portfolio has become more luxurious.  Luckier yet was that many wonderful colleagues joined our team.

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

When I first met Wan Ping (Chongqing Porsche), she avoided eye contact and was so nervous that she did not know where to put her hands.  She is now among our most efficient managersquick to think and take action.  I suspect that she was born a Karate Kid.  Chen Yuxiong (Qingdao Porsche) was and still is a thinker.  He analyzes things to death and watching him is like watching a chess grandmaster compete.  Thank God his moves prove to be right most of the time.  We thank colleagues like Chen and Wan because it is they who enabled a smooth transition.

If you have read thus far, congratulations.  Don't miss your red packets, because your efficient colleagues are fast-handed when they see money.   As for 2023, what do we predict and what can we see?  Is the market going to be less challenging?  Are we going to return to normalcy?  We don't know the answer.  If we were to learn a thing or two in 2022, it would be that we should always prepare for the worst.

This is why Ye Fan and I write to you.  Remember the past year-the challenges and the difficulties.  More importantly, remember how we dealt with them successfully.

If we internalize how we managed to survive last year, no difficulties in the future can deter us.

Happy New Year and thank you.

Ye Fan/Ye Tao

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYS

In  2022,  the  COVID-19  pandemic  continued  to  affect  the  production  and  sales  of  automobile  in China.  Although  the  Chinese  government  cut  automobile  purchase  tax  by  half  in  June  2022,  resulting in  temporary  recovery  of  the  automobile  retail  market,  the  return  of  stringent  prevention  and  control measures in the fourth  quarter  of  2022  further  weakened  sales  performance.  According  to  the  data  of the China Passenger Car Association, based on the data of insured automobiles, domestic sales volume of  passenger  vehicles  was  20.50  million  units  in  2022,  representing  a  decrease  of  3.0%  yoy.  Among this,  retail  sales  volume  of  premium  brand  vehicles  was  3.47  million  units,  representing  a  decrease  of 2.7%, while retail sales volume of new premium brand conventional fuel vehicles was 2.82 million units, representing  a  decrease  of  7.8%  yoy.  However,  performance  of  different  brands  varied.  In  accordance with  the  statistics  from  the  National  Bureau  of  Statistics  of  China,  sales  from  Porsche  distributors  rose despite the market downturn in 2022, recording a yoy increase of 9.0% in terms of total retail sales. Total retail  sales  from  BMW  and  Audi  distributors  decreased  by  8.7%  yoy.  The  yoy  decrease  of  Lexus  sales was also relatively significant, with the revenue of their distributors decreased correspondingly.

Despite the pressure on automobile sales, the increase in production and sales of automobile gave rise to  vast  development opportunities for the after-sales market. Based on the investigation on automobile after-sales  market  conducted  by  Market  Monitor,  the  scale  of  the  after-sales  market  in  China  reached RMB773.76 billion in 2022. While the domestic automobile industry faces great challenges in the shortterm, in the wake of market recovery and implementation of a series of policies, it is expected that the premium automobile market will gradually find its footing. New energy vehicle, which experienced growth against the adversity in 2021, is also expected to record further improvement.

## BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  (the  ' Year '),  against  the  backdrop  of  the  challenging operation environment, the Group focused on maintaining its sound operation and keeping its operation efficiency,  while  cautiously  developed  and  actively  explored  opportunities.  During  the  Year,  the  Group completed  the  acquisition  of  7  Porsche  4S  stores,  3  service  centers  and  4  exhibition  halls,  which propelled  the  stable  growth  of  revenue  from  passenger  vehicle  sales  and  after-sales  services,  with  the revenue  contributed  by  the  sales  of  premium  brand  vehicles  further  increased.  The  newly  acquired Porsche stores also showed synergies since the Group took over its operation, reporting an improvement in  efficiency,  which  is  expected  to  bring  strong  momentum  to  the  Group's  future  growth.  Furthermore, Porsche, riding on its strong brand value, has fully demonstrated its resilience and growth potential by delivering  standout  performance  against  other  premium  brands.  Meanwhile,  after-sales  services  of  the Group maintained a satisfactory growth and profit margin during the pandemic. The growing number of passenger vehicles sold could bring in further room for development in after-sales services in the future. Although  the  Group's  profit  for  the  Year  was  adversely  impacted  by  factors  such  as  the  unfavorable market conditions, acquisition charges and expenses, the Group endeavours to maintain high operation efficiency. Its operating metrics, including inventory turnover days, were maintained at a satisfactory level. Its balance sheet and cash flow were also fairly stable.

## Revenue

The  Group  recorded  a  revenue  of  approximately  RMB28,654.7  million  (2021:  approximately RMB23,576.7  million),  representing  an  increase  of  approximately  21.5%  yoy.  Revenue  from  sales  of passenger  vehicles  increased  by  approximately  21.4%  yoy  to  approximately  RMB25,297.0  million (2021:  approximately  RMB20,829.4  million),  accounting  for  approximately  88.3%  (2021:  approximately 88.3%)  of  total  revenue.  Revenue  from  after-sales  services  increased  by  approximately  22.2%  yoy to  approximately  RMB3,357.7  million  (2021:  approximately  RMB2,747.3  million),  accounting  for approximately 11.7% (2021: approximately 11.7%) of total revenue.

## Cost of Sales

Cost  of  sales  increased  by  approximately  25.6%  from  approximately  RMB20,806.2  million  in  2021  to approximately  RMB26,137.3  million  for  the  Year.  The  increase  in  cost  of  sales  was  mainly  due  to  the growth of the Group's two major business segments, namely sales of passenger vehicles and after-sales services.  Among  which,  the  cost  of  sales  for  passenger  vehicles  and  after-sales  services  increased  by approximately 25.9% and 22.4% respectively.

## Gross Profit

During the Year, gross profit decreased by approximately 9.1% from approximately RMB2,770.5 million in 2021 to approximately RMB2,517.5 million. Overall gross profit margin decreased by approximately 3.0 percentage points to approximately 8.8% (2021: approximately 11.8%). Among which, due to weakened demand and supply shortage during  the  pandemic,  gross  profit  margin  of  sales  of  passenger  vehicles decreased by approximately 3.4 percentage points to approximately 3.4% (2021: approximately 6.8%), while that of after-sales services remained stable at approximately 49.0% (2021: approximately 49.1%).

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Costs and Expenses

During  the  Year,  the  Group  incurred  amortized  interest  expenses  of  approximately  RMB96.5  million  in relation  to  the  HK$2,750,000,000  zero-coupon  convertible  bonds  due  2027  issued  by  Sail  Vantage Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and guaranteed by the Company (the ' Convertible Bonds ')  and  the  liability  portion  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  using  effective  interest  method;  amortized cost  of  approximately  RMB102.3  million  for  the  relevant  dealership  right  in  relation  to  the  acquisition of  MeiDong  Auto  Sales  Group  Limited  (formerly  known  as  Starchase  Motorsports  Limited)  (the ' Target  Company ');  and  other  one-off  expenses  (e.g.  acquisition  charges  and  transition  bonus)  of approximately  RMB56.2  million  arose  from  the  acquisition.  In  addition,  the  Group  also  incurred  an expense  of  approximately  RMB31.5  million  in  relation  to  the  issuance  of  additional  share  options  to employees,  resulting  in  an  increase  in  overall  expenses  for  the  Year.  Among  which,  distribution  costs were  approximately  RMB859.9  million,  which  accounted  for  approximately  3.0%  of  total  revenue, representing a slight decrease by 0.1 percentage point as compared to that of approximately 3.1% for the corresponding period of 2021. Administrative expenses were approximately RMB810.7 million, which accounted  for  approximately  2.8%  of  total  revenue,  representing  a  slight  increase  by  0.3  percentage point as compared to that of approximately 2.5% for the corresponding period of 2021. Finance costs amounted  to  approximately  RMB275.0  million,  increased  by  0.4  percentage  point  from  approximately 0.6% for the corresponding period of 2021 to approximately 1.0% as a percentage of total revenue.

## Taxation

During  the  Year,  the  Group's  income  tax  expenses  amounted  to  approximately  RMB307.6  million, representing  a  decrease  of  approximately  23.0%  as  compared  to  approximately  RMB399.4  million  for 2021. Income tax expenses for the Year included withholding tax on dividend in respect of dividends paid by subsidiaries in  Mainland  China  to  foreign  controlling  company  amounted  to  approximately  RMB42.5 million. The decrease in income tax expenses was mainly due to the decrease in profit before tax.

## Profit for the Year

During  the  Year,  the  overall  sales  volume  of  premium  brand  vehicles  and  the  gross  profit  margin  of passenger vehicles sales were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Coupled with the additional nonoperating  expenses  mentioned  above,  the  Group's  profit  decreased  by  approximately  54.2%  yoy  to approximately  RMB555.9  million  (2021:  approximately  RMB1,213.3  million).  The  profit  margin  also decreased by 3.2 percentage points from approximately 5.1% for 2021 to approximately 1.9%.

## Dividend

The interim dividend for 2022 was RMB0.0808 per ordinary share of the Company (' Share '). The Board recommended a final dividend of RMB0.1170 per Share for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB0.6991 per Share). Taking into account the final dividend recommended, the total dividend for the Year amounted to RMB0.1978 per Share (2021: RMB0.8284 per Share), representing a payout ratio of approximately 50% (2021: 90.0%). See also the paragraph below headed 'Results and Final dividend' in the Report of the Directors for further information about the dividend (including its conditions and book closure information).

## Joint Venture

For the Year, share of profit of a joint venture amounted to approximately RMB24.9 million, representing a decrease of approximately 48.1% as compared to approximately RMB48.0 million for 2021.

## Sales of Passenger Vehicles

During  the  Year,  the  Group  further  expanded  its  store  network  and  completed  the  acquisition  of  7 Porsche stores. In a market environment full of challenges and uncertainties, sales of passenger vehicles managed to record a stable growth in 2022 with a revenue of approximately RMB25,297.0 million (2021: approximately  RMB20,829.4  million),  representing  an  increase  of  approximately  21.4%  as  compared to  the  corresponding  period  of  2021.  Sales  of  premium  brand  vehicles  remained  as  the  major  revenue source of the Group, accounting for approximately 87.7% of total sales of passenger vehicles. Sales of passenger vehicles under the Porsche, BMW and Lexus brand amounted to approximately RMB10,007.1 million,  RMB8,130.0  million  and  RMB3,941.8  million  respectively,  accounting  for  approximately  39.6%, 32.1%  and  15.6%  of  total  sales  of  passenger  vehicles  respectively.  In  terms  of  sales  volume,  despite the  impact  of  the  pandemic  and  supply  shortage,  the  Group  sold  67,871  passenger  vehicles  in  total, representing an increase of 10.2% yoy. Porsche, BMW and Lexus recorded sales volume of 11,790 units, 23,611 units and 11,342 units, respectively.

## After-Sales Services

During  the  Year,  as  service  base  further  expanded,  the  after-sales  service  segment  maintained  high growth  despite  the  impact  of  the  pandemic.  Revenue  amounted  to  approximately  RMB3,357.7  million, representing  an  increase  of  approximately  22.2%  as  compared  to  that  for  2021  (2021:  approximately RMB2,747.3 million). The total number of vehicles served was 706,639 units, representing an increase of approximately 8.5% yoy. The gross profit margin from after-sales services remained at a high level of 49.0% (2021: 49.1%).

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Current Network

The Group continues to implement its highly-effective premium brand focus and 'Single City Single Store' strategy, and expands its distribution network through new store openings and mergers and acquisitions. In 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of 7 new stores. As of 31 December 2022, the Group has 76 self-operated  stores  situated  in  provinces  and  cities  such  as  Beijing,  Hebei,  Hubei,  Hunan,  Jiangxi, Fujian, Guangdong, Gansu and Anhui, including a joint venture operated by the Group.

As at 31 December 2022, the number of stores operated by the Group was as follows:

| Number of stores under operation  2022  2021  Change  Porsche  16  9  +7  BMW  27  27  0  Lexus  20  19  +1  Toyota  12  13  -1  Hyundai  0  1  -1  Audi  1  1  0  Total  76  70  +6   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity, Financial Resources and Position

As  at  31  December  2022,  total  equity  of  the  Group  amounted  to  approximately  RMB4,433.8  million (31  December  2021:  approximately  RMB4,116.6  million),  current  asset  amounted  to  approximately RMB5,888.5  million  (31  December  2021:  approximately  RMB5,563.1  million),  and  current  liabilities amounted to approximately RMB4,873.7 million (31 December 2021: approximately RMB4,089.5 million).

As at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  loans  and  borrowings  amounted  to  approximately  RMB1,906.7 million  (of  which  RMB1,676.2  million  bore  interest  at  fixed  rates),  representing  an  increase  of approximately  47.9%  as  compared  to  approximately  RMB1,288.9  million  as  of  31  December  2021, of  which,  short-term  loans  and  borrowings  amounted  to  approximately  RMB1,413.9  million,  while long-term loans and borrowings amounted to approximately RMB492.8 million. As at 31 December 2022, convertible bonds amounted to approximately RMB2,274.9 million. The gearing ratio (being the sum of loans and borrowings, convertible bonds payable and lease liabilities divided by total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company) was approximately 131.9% as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: approximately 65.4%).

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

As  at  31  December  2022,  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  pledged  bank  deposits  and  fixed  deposits  with more  than  three  months  to  maturity  when  placed  amounted  to  approximately  RMB3,258.6  million. Most of the cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits were denominated in Renminbi and Hong Kong Dollars. Apart from part of the cash that is denominated in Hong Kong Dollars, the Group's business operations locate principally in China and a majority of its transactions are all denominated in Renminbi. Therefore, the Group expects its foreign exchange risks will have minimal effect on its normal operations  and  business.  For  the  Year,  the  Group  did  not  employ  any  significant  financial  instruments such as forward foreign exchange contracts, nor did it employ any major financial instruments for hedging purposes.  The  management  of  the  Company  will  closely  monitor  its  foreign  exchange  risks,  and  will consider hedging significant foreign exchange risks when necessary.

The  operating  and  capital  expenditure  of  the  Group  is  funded  by  cash  flow  from  operations,  internal cash  flow,  financing  agreements  with  banks  and  financing  companies  of  automobile  manufacturers, issuance of Convertible Bonds and new Shares. The Group has adequate financial resources to meet all contractual obligations and operating requirements.

## Change in Functional Currency

The functional currency of the Company has been changed from RMB to HK$ with effect from 1 January 2022. Further details are set out in note 2(c) to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. The presentation currency of the Company remains unchanged as RMB. As of 31 December 2022, the translation reserve arising from the change of functional currency recorded in the Group's consolidated statement of comprehensive income was approximately RMB78.5 million.

## Contingent Liabilities

As  of  31  December  2022,  certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Group  are  respondents  in  several  legal  dispute cases in relation to certain investments made before 2022. While the arbitrations are still ongoing and the future development cannot be estimated with certainty, the directors of the Company, having given due consideration to the legal advice and the relevant facts and circumstances, are of the opinion that it is not probable that the Group will need to make payments to the claimants. Therefore, no provision has been made in respect of those cases as at 31 December 2022.

As  of  31  December  2022,  except  for  the  aforementioned  contingencies  associated  with  those  legal dispute cases, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.

## Significant Investments, Material Acquisition and Disposals

Apart  from  the  acquisition  of  the  Target  Company  (together  with  its  subsidiaries  the  ' Target Group '), the  Group  had  no  significant  investments,  acquisitions  nor  disposals  during  the  Year.  Please  refer  to the  paragraph  headed  'Acquisition  of  MeiDong  Auto  Sales  Group  Limited'  below.  There  was  no  other material investments or additions of capital assets authorised by the Board as of the date of this Annual Report.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Pledged Assets of the Group

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  used  property,  plant  and  equipment,  right-of-use  assets, inventories,  trade  and  other  receivables,  and  total  pledged  bank  deposits  of  approximately  RMB127.7 million  (31  December  2021:  approximately  RMB326.7  million)  as  collateral  for  certain  loans  and borrowings.

## SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

## Issue of convertible bonds and shares under general mandate

In January 2022, Sail Vantage Limited (' CB Issuer ', a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) issued zero  coupon  guaranteed  Convertible  Bonds  due  2027  to  professional  investors  (as  defined  in  Chapter 37  of  the  Rules  (the  ' Listing  Rules ')  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange '))  with an aggregate principal amount of HK$2,750,000,000 (convertible into Shares with an initial conversion price of HK$46.75 per Share (subject to adjustments)), upon  the  terms  of  a  subscription  agreement  dated  6  January  2022  entered  into  between  the  CB Issuer,  the  Company,  Goldman  Sachs  (Asia)  L.L.C.  and  Morgan  Stanley  &amp;  Co.  International  plc.  The Company  has  agreed  to  guarantee  payment  of  all  sums  payable  by  the  CB  Issuer  in  relation  to  the Convertible Bonds. Assuming full conversion of the Convertible Bonds into Shares at the initial conversion price,  58,823,529  Shares  might  fall  to  be  issued  (with  an  aggregate  nominal  value  of  approximately HK$5,882,353), and the net price of each conversion Share to the Company based on the net proceeds was approximately HK$45.72. Listing of the Convertible Bonds commenced on the Stock Exchange on 14 January 2022.

With effect from 5 August 2022, following the determination of the exchange rate of cash distribution of final  dividend  of  the  Company  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  conversion  price  has  been adjusted to HK$45.4881 per Share (subject to adjustments) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Convertible Bonds. With reference to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of HK$2,750,000,000 as of 5 August 2022 and the date of this Annual Report and the adjusted conversion price, the maximum number of Shares to be issued upon full conversion of the Convertible Bonds will be 60,455,371 Shares (with  an  aggregate  nominal  value  of  approximately  HK$6,045,537  and  a  net  price  of  approximately HK$44.58  per  conversion  Share  to  the  Company  based  on  the  net  proceeds),  and  representing approximately 4.74% and 4.53% of the issued Shares as of the date of this Annual Report, assuming no and  full  conversion,  respectively).  Assuming  full  conversion  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  at  the  adjusted conversion  price,  the  shareholding  of  Apex  Sail  Limited  (' Apex  Sail '  a  controlling  shareholder  of  the Company) will be changed from approximately 52.22% to 49.98%.

During the Year, no conversion rights was exercised, and no redemption, purchase or cancellation of the Convertible Bonds by the Company or its subsidiaries took place.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

On 6 January 2022, the Company, Apex Sail (as vendor of Shares), Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. and Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. International plc (both as placing agents) entered into a placing and subscription agreement, under which (i) Apex Sail agreed to place 22,500,000 existing Shares at a placing price of HK$34.63 per Share to not less than six independent third party placees procured by the placing agents, and  (ii)  the  Company  agreed  to  issue  22,500,000  Shares  (with  an  aggregate  nominal  value  of HK$2,250,000) to Apex Sail at a subscription price of HK$34.63 per Share. The net price of each Share issued based on the net proceeds was approximately HK$34.3. The share placement and subscription have been completed in January 2022.

The closing price of the Shares as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 5 January 2022 (the date on which the initial conversion price and issue price were fixed) was HK$39.35 per Share.

The  Directors  consider  that:  (a)  the  issue  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  was  a  cost-efficient  way  to  raise capital to meet the capital need of the intended uses without putting a heavy short-term burden on the liquidity position of the Company; and (b) the share placement and subscription were being undertaken to enlarge the shareholders' equity base of the Company, optimize the capital structure of the Company and support a sustainable overall development and expansion of the Company.

The net proceeds from the issue of Convertible Bonds and the Shares (after deducting applicable costs and expenses, including commission and levies) were approximately HK$3,461 million in aggregate.

An analysis of the Company's share price at which it would be equally financially advantageous for the holders  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  to  convert  or  redeem  the  Convertible  Bonds  based  on  their  implied internal rate of return at a range of dates in the future is set out below:

| Relevant date and event  Share price of the Company  at the relevant date  13 January 2025 (i.e. the date when the CB Issuer  will, at the option of the holder of any Convertible  Bonds, redeem such bonds at 106.9428% of their  principal amount)  106.9428% of the then adjusted conversion price  (subject to adjustments) of the Convertible  Bonds  13 January 2027 (i.e. the maturity date when the  CB Issuer will redeem the Convertible Bonds at  111.8370% of their principal amount)  111.8370% of the then adjusted conversion price  (subject to adjustments) of the Convertible  Bonds   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

More information is set out in the Company's announcements dated 6 January 2022 and 5 August 2022, respectively.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Acquisition of MeiDong Auto Sales Group Limited

On  13  December  2021,  the  Company  entered  into  an  acquisition  agreement  with  Wearnes-StarChase Limited, pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire all issued shares of the Target Company for a  total  cash  consideration  of  RMB3,700,000,000 (less any completion shortfalls) upon the terms of the acquisition agreement.

The  Target  Group  is  an  automobile  dealership  group  in  the  PRC,  which  operates  the  sales  and after-sales  business  of  Porsche  and  has  7  4S  dealership  stores  in  seven  cities  in  the  PRC,  namely, Nanjing, Qingdao, Tianjin, Chongqing, Weifang, Jinan and Zhengzhou. The Target Company has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company upon completion of the acquisition on 29 April 2022 and the financial results of the Target Company has been consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

Further information is set out in the Company's circular dated 6 April 2022.

## Grant of share options to employees

During the Year, the Board resolved to offer to grant a total of 8,901,000 share options to a Director and certain  eligible  employees  of  the  Group  under  the  Company's  share  option  scheme.  The  grantees  are entitled to subscribe for a total of 8,901,000 Shares at an exercise price of HK$26.2 per Share. Further information is set out in the Company's announcement dated 25 May 2022.

## RECONCILIATION OF NON-HKFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES TO THE NEAREST HKFRS MEASURES

Profit  for  the  year  excluding  non-operating expenses is a non-GAAP financial measure used to exclude the  impact  of  non-operating  items  which  affect  the  results  presented  in  the  financial  statements,  but the  management  does  not  consider  to  be  indicative  of  the  Group's  recurring  core  business  operating results. The Company believes that such non-HKFRS financial measure could provide the management, Shareholders  and  investors  supplementary  information  for  the  assessment  of  the  performance  of  the Group's  core  operation,  and  facilitate  comparison  of  operating  performance  year  to  year.  The  use  of such  non-HKFRS  financial  measure  has  limitations  as  an  analytical  tool,  and  one  should  not  consider it  in  isolation  from,  or  as  a  substitute  for  analysis  of,  the  results  of  operations  or  financial  conditions  as reported  under  HKFRS.  One  of  the  limitations  of  using  such  non-GAAP  financial  measure  is  that  such measure  excludes  certain  items  that  have  been  (and  may  continue  to  be  for  the  foreseeable  future)  a component in the Company's operating results. In addition, non-HKFRS financial measure does not have a  standardized  meaning  prescribed  under  HKFRS,  and  may  be  defined  differently  from  similar  terms used by other companies and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The  following  table  sets  forth  the  reconciliations  of  such  non-HKFRS  financial  measure  for  the  years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, to the nearest measures prepared in accordance with HKFRS.

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Profit for the year  555,936  1,213,340  Amortized interest expenses of Convertible Bonds  96,488  -  Amortized cost of dealership right  102,346  18,802  Withholding tax on dividend distribution  42,516  -  Equity settled share-based payment expenses  31,548  4,130  Other one-off expenses including tax effect  28,813  5,752  Profit for the year excluding non-operating expenses  857,647  1,242,024   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PROSPECTS

Looking forward to 2023, under the impact of shortage and rising price of raw materials for chips and batteries and the uncertain macroeconomic environment, uncertainties still persist to a certain extent in the automobile production and sales market. However, the reopening in the post-pandemic era and the implementation of a series of consumer stimulus policies by various local governments in China provides valuable support for offline retail sales. Upholding its usual prudential approach, the Group will continue to  respond  to  market  challenges  in  a  flexible  and  proactive  manner.  The  Group  will  also  continue  to improve operational efficiency of existing stores through efficient data management, and further promote integration  of  the  newly  acquired  Porsche  stores.  The  Group  believes  that  the  newly  acquired  Porsche stores will become a strong driving force for the Group's business growth and efficiency enhancement. The  Group  will  also  strictly  manage  its  balance  sheet  and  cash  flow.  The  Group's  adequate  cash  and strong execution capabilities will also contribute to its long-term and sustainable development, allowing it to fully grasp new opportunities amidst market adversity.

Meanwhile,  the  new  energy  automobile  industry  experienced  rapid  growth  in  recent  years,  and development  is  expected  to  maintain  stable  going  forward.  The  recovery  of  China's  economy  and  the gradual restoration of purchasing power will both stimulate demand for new energy vehicles. Based on the estimation of China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, in 2023, the total sales volume of new energy vehicles in China will be 9 million units, representing an increase of 35.0% yoy and a penetration rate of approximately 35.0%. In the face of market opportunities from new energy vehicles and after-sales services, the Group will make proper use of its existing brand, store coverage and efficient management capacity to explore opportunities in due time, so as to drive business growth.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGE

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Mr. YE Fan (Chairman)

Mr. YE Fan ( 葉帆 ),  aged 51, is the founder of the Group. He is the younger brother of Mr. YE Tao, and is  the  Chairman  and  an  executive  Director  of  the  Company.  He  is  primarily  responsible  for  supervising the operations of the Group, planning its business and marketing strategies and overseeing the external relationship with banks, government and other business partners. Mr. YE Fan was awarded a Bachelor's degree in Inorganic Non-metallic Materials ( 無機⾮金屬材料 )  from South China University of Technology ( 華南理工大學 ) in July 1993. He is a non-permanent Hong Kong resident.

As  the  founder  of  the  Group,  Mr.  YE  Fan  started  his  career  in  the  automobile  sector  by  joining  an automobile distributor in Dongguan, the PRC as general manager from 1995 to 1998. In 1999, he set up 東莞市聚成汽車技術服務有限公司 (Dongguan  Jucheng  Auto  Technical  Services  Co.,  Ltd.*)  (a  private company based in Dongguan, Guangdong which was principally engaged in the automobile distribution business) with a partner. In April 2003, Mr. YE Fan set up 東莞市冠豐汽車有限公司 (Dongguan Guanfeng Auto  Co.,  Ltd.*)  (' Dongguan Guanfeng '),  which  is  the  first  member  of  the  Group.  This  4S  dealership store was opened in May 2004 and held 4S distributorship for 北京現代汽車有限公司 (Beijing  Hyundai Motor Company*) vehicles. Before the establishment of 廣東大東汽車集團有限公司 (Guangdong Dadong Auto Group Co., Ltd*) (' Dadong Group ')  in  2007, he made investments in a few enterprises (including members  of  the  Group)  which  were  principally  engaged  in  automobile  distribution  of  various  brands. Following  the  establishment  of  Dadong  Group  in  2007,  which  has  been  solely  owned  by  Mr.  YE  Fan, Dadong Group has been making investments in 4S dealership stores of various brands.

Since 2003, Mr. YE Fan has been acting as a director of Dongguan Guanfeng and various PRC members of the Group and has been responsible for supervising their daily operations and planning their business strategies. Mr. YE Fan is currently a director of each of the subsidiaries of the Company and the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

## Mr. YE Tao (Chief Executive Officer)

Mr.  YE  Tao  ( 葉濤 ),  aged  56,  is  the  elder  brother  of  Mr.  YE  Fan.  He  is  an  executive  Director  and  the Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the  Company.  He  is  primarily  responsible  for  overseeing  the  daily  operations and management of the Group, planning its business and marketing strategies and supervising investor relationship.  Mr.  YE  Tao  was  awarded  a  Bachelor's  degree  in  Mechanics  ( ⼒學 )  from  Peking  University ( 北京大學 )  in  July  1989.  He  also  obtained  a  Master  of  Science  degree  in  Mechanical  Engineering  and a Master of Science degree in Management, both from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in June 1996.

Before he joined the Group, Mr. YE Tao worked for Objectiva Software Solutions (Beijing) Inc. ( 奧博傑天 軟件 （北京） 有限公司 )  as  the  chief  executive  and  legal  representative  overseeing  the  overall  operations of  such company, and in Document Sciences Corporation as the general manager of Asian Operations overseeing the management and operations in the Asia.

In 2008, Mr. YE Tao was invited by Mr. YE Fan to work in the Group as the Chief Executive Officer. Since then, he has been working together with Mr. YE Fan closely in the expansion of the Group's business.

## Ms. LUO Liuyu

Ms.  LUO  Liuyu  ( 羅劉玉 ),  aged  39,  is  an  executive  Director  of  the  Company.  She  has  been  the  vice president  of  human  resources  and  administration  unit  of  the  Group's  company,  Dongguan  Meixin Business  Consulting  Co.,  Ltd,  primarily  responsible  for  the  overall  human  resources  management  and planning of the Group, including recruitment, job allocation, training, formulating remuneration and fringe benefit policies, etc. Ms. LUO joined the Group as a finance supervisor in September 2007 and was then in charge of the management of the finance department, including fund and assets management, internal auditing,  costs  control  management  and  financial  statements  preparation.  Before  Ms.  LUO  joined  the Group, she worked for Dongguan Zhicheng Trading Company Limited as accounting supervisor, taking charge of the daily operations of finance department and other accounting functions. Ms. LUO completed a three-year professional study programme in Finance in Dongguan University of Technology in 2007 and a financial management degree from Peking University in 2015.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Mr. JIP Ki Chi

Mr. JIP Ki Chi ( 葉奇志 )  (' Mr. Jip '),  aged  53,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director of the Company on 15 November 2013. Mr. Jip resigned as an independent non-executive Director and ceased to be the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of each of the Nomination Committee and  the  Remuneration  Committee,  both  effective  on  30  November  2022,  in  order  to  devote  more attention  and  dedication  to  his  other  business  engagements.  Mr.  Jip  is  the  chief  financial  officer  and company secretary of Sun Entertainment Group Limited (formerly known as ' Sage International Group Limited') (Stock code: 8082.HK) and acts as an independent non-executive dire ctor of Hebei Yichen Industrial  Group  Corporation  Limited  (Stock  code:  1596.HK).  Mr.  Jip  was  awarded  a  Bachelor  degree of Business in Accountancy from Queensland University of Technology, Australia in 1994, and a Master degree in Business Administration from the University of Adelaide, Australia in 2008. Mr. Jip is a Certified Practising Accountant of CPA Australia (CPA (Aust.)). He obtained his qualification as a fellow member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 2007 (FCPA). Mr. Jip has a wealth of experience in  accounting,  finance,  management  and  company  secretarial  field,  and  has  worked  as  the  chief financial  officer  and  company secretary of Inventronics Holdings Limited and Zhong Da Mining Limited, the  financial  controller  and  company  secretary  of  Aceso  Life  Science  Group  Limited  (Stock  code:  474. HK) (formerly known as Hao Tian Development Group Limited) and the financial controller of Wah Shing Group.

## Mr. WANG, Michael Chou

Mr.  WANG,  Michael  Chou  ( 王炬 )  (' Mr.  Wang '),  aged  53,  was  appointed  as  an  independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 22 June 2015. Mr. Wang was awarded a Master of Business Administration by the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania in 1997 and a Bachelor of Arts from Southwestern University in 1992. He is currently the managing partner and president  of  Abax  Global  Capital.  Mr.  Wang  is  responsible  for  the  overall  business  management  and investment activities at Abax and also focuses on the management of portfolio companies. Mr. Wang is a member of the fund's investment committee and is the Chairman of such firm's operating committee.

Mr. Wang has over 21 years of professional advisory experience in the PRC. Prior to joining Abax, Mr. Wang  was  a  Senior  Partner  in  McKinsey  &amp;  Company's  Shanghai  office,  where  he  was  a  leader  in  its China energy, and industrial practices. As head of the McKinsey Shanghai office, which is now amongst McKinsey's  top  10  largest  offices  globally,  he  oversaw  its  growth  from  100  to  300  professionals.  Mr. Wang  is  a  known  expert  for  performance  turnaround  at  Chinese  companies,  both  state-owned  and private.  He  has  assisted  numerous  Chinese  clients  to  improve  their  performance  via  growth  strategy, operational  enhancement  and  organizational  restructuring.  Mr.  Wang  has  published  numerous  articles in  International  and  Chinese  media  on  the  performance  improvement  topic  and  has  been  a  frequent speaker  and  guest  lecturer  at  government  (including  those  for  State-Owned  Assets  Supervision  and Administration Commission of the State Council and National Development and Reform Commission in the PRC) and industry forums in the PRC and abroad.

Mr.  Wang  is  the  chairman  of  the  Remuneration  Committee,  and  a  member  of  each  of  the  Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee.

## Mr. CHEN Guiyi

Mr.  CHEN  Guiyi  ( 陳規易 )  (' Mr.  Chen '),  aged  44,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive Director  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  1  April  2017.  From  September  1997  to  July  2001,  Mr.  Chen studied at the China Youth University of Political Science where he obtained a bachelor's degree in legal studies. From September 2003 to July 2004, he studied at the University of Groningen of the Netherlands where  he  obtained  a  master's  degree  in  laws.  From  July  2001  to  September  2005,  he  has  been  an associate  director  at  the  newspaper  office  of  Beijing  Times  of  People's  Daily.  From  October  2005  to September 2020, he was one of the partners and lawyers of the law firm, Jingtian &amp; Gongcheng in Beijing and  Chengdu,  the  PRC.  From  March  2016  to  September  2020,  he  was  one  of  the  partners  of  W&amp;G Investment Management Co., Ltd. From August 2017 to September 2020, he was one of foreign legal consultants of the law firm, Loeb &amp; Loeb LLP in Hong Kong. Since October 2020, he has been one of Managing Directors of Centurium Capital Management (HK) Ltd. Mr. Chen has ample experience in the capital market, specializing in both the domestic and overseas capital market.

Mr. Chen is a member of each of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee.

## Mr. TO Siu Lun

Mr. TO Siu Lun ( 杜紹麟 )  (' Mr. To '),  aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of  the  Company  with  effect  from  30  November  2022.  Mr.  To  is  a  member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute of  Certified  Public  Accountants,  a  fellow  of  The  Association  of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants  and  an associate  of  The  Taxation  Institute  of  Hong  Kong.  He  worked  at  RSM  Hong  Kong  (formerly  known  as RSM Nelson  Wheeler)  from  March  2003  to  March  2019,  first  as  a  tax  director  and  became  a  partner since  January  2005.  Since  March  2019,  he  has  been  a  partner  at  ORI  Capital  Limited  (a  corporation licensed  under  the  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  to  conduct  type  9  regulated  activity  (asset management) since January 2020). Mr. To is currently a director of ICO Strategy Limited, an independent director of Resverlogix Corp. (the shares of which are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:RVX)), a  director  of  ORI  Capital  II  Inc.,  an  independent  non-executive  Director  of  Combine  Will  International Holdings Limited (the shares of which are listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, SGX: N0Z) and an independent non-executive director of Autotoll Limited. He was an executive director of Digitel Group Limited from November 2001 to March 2002.

Mr.  To  was  conferred  a  bachelor's  degree  in  social  science  by  the  University  of  Hong  Kong  in  1990, and  was  conferred  a  master  of  arts  in  training  and  human  resource  development  by  the  University  of Technology, Sydney in July 2005.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Ms. YUAN Ying

Ms. YUAN Ying ( 袁英 ) (' Ms. Yuan '), aged 42, is our Financial Controller and is responsible for the overall financial  planning  and  management  of  the  Group.  Ms.  Yuan  joined  the  Group  in  May  2010  as  Finance Manager and was in charge of the Finance Department. She was then responsible for the Group's asset management,  internal  audit,  cost  control  and  formulating  of  financial  statements,  etc.  Ms.  Yuan  is  an accountant  and  obtained  the  qualification  of  accountant  by  the  Ministry  of  Finance  of  the  PRC  in  May 2007. Prior to joining the company, she worked for Yong Feng Footwear (Bao An) Company Limited as finance supervisor in charge of audit of the Finance Department.

## Ms. WANG Feixue

Ms.  WANG Feixue ( 王飛雪 )  (' Ms. Wang '),  aged  42,  is  our  vice  president  of  sales  and  marketing  unit. Currently, she is primarily responsible for the overall management of the sales and marketing functions of the Group. Ms. Wang completed a two-year professional study programme in Chinese language and literature in Henan Broadcast Television University. Ms. Wang joined the Group as a sales consultant in July 2004 and was then in charge of sales of new vehicles. Ms. Wang left the Group in July 2006, then rejoined the Group as a corporate planning manager in July 2007. Before Ms. Wang rejoined the Group in July 2007, she worked for Dongguan Zhicheng Trading Company Limited as the sales manager, and was in charge of managing the sales department.

## Ms. CHEN Saijin

Ms. CHEN Saijin ( 陳賽金 )  (' Ms. Chen '),  aged 42, is our vice president of purchasing and projects unit. Currently, she is primarily responsible for the overall procurement of the Group and supervising internal control  matters.  Ms.  Chen  was  granted  a  technical  certificate  in  computer  software  profession  by  the Guangdong  Labour  and  Social  Security  Bureau.  Ms.  Chen  also  completed  a  three-year  professional study programme in Accounting in Renmin University of China ( 中國人民大學 )  through Internet learning. Ms.  Chen  joined  the  Group  as  an  accounting  officer  in  October  2004  and  was  then  in  charge  of  the accounting  function  of  the  finance  department.  Before  Ms.  Chen  joined  the  Group,  she  worked  for Dongguan  Hongyan  Vehicle  Trading  Company  Limited  as  the  deputy  manager  of  finance  department, taking charge of the auditing of costs and other finance matters.

Please  also  refer  to  the  Report  of  the  Directors  and  the  Corporate  Governance  Report  in  this  annual report, including the paragraph headed 'Directors' interests or short positions in shares and underlying shares'  and  'Directors'  Service  Contracts'  for  further  information  about  our  Directors  and  senior management.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTOR

The Board has pleasure in presenting the Report of the Directors and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the ' Year ').

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged in automobile dealership  business  authorized  by  the  respective  automobile  manufacturers  of  particular  brands  in the  PRC  including  the  sale  of  new  passenger  cars,  spare  parts,  service  and  survey.  Particulars  of  the subsidiaries are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group during the Year and a discussion on the Group's future business development  are  provided  in  the  section  'Letter  to  Shareholders'  and  'Management  Discussion  and Analysis' of this Annual Report. The financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group can be found in note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.

Particulars  of  important  events  affecting  the  Group  that  have  occurred  since  the  end  of  the  financial Year are provided in page 46 of this section and note 36 to the consolidated financial statements of this Annual Report. An analysis of the Group's performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is provided in the 'Five-Year Financial Summary' on page 191 of this Annual Report.

## Principal risks and uncertainties

The industry we operate in and our performance are influenced by our authorised dealership, evolvement of  technology,  stability  of  supply,  customers'  preference,  and  regulatory  requirements.  We  may  also be  affected  by  risks  in  daily  operations  such  as  interest  rate  fluctuation  and  liquidity,  and  external circumstances such as COVID-19 and associated prevention and control measures, global and national macroeconomic conditions, governmental policies and regulations.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND EMPLOYEES

Diversified  Customers  -  The  Group's  customer  base  is  diversified,  as  the  Group  provides  goods  and services to vast amount of individual customers. It has always been the Group's focus to understand the challenges, needs and behaviour of its customers. The Group has put in place various after-sales service initiatives with the aim to improve customer return ratio.

Our Employees - This Group views employees as our capital and core of development. We have always endeavoured to guarantee the entitlements of our employees, and have strived to provide them with a secure working environment, so that they can grow with the Group.

Engaging  with  Suppliers  -  The  Group  deemed  its  suppliers  as  partners,  and  endeavoured  to  keep  a long-term and friendly relationships with them. The Group has developed strong relationships with certain leading international automobile manufacturers and their PRC joint ventures. The Group's proven ability to  generate  sales  and  to  service  its  customers  efficiently  and  to  grow  new  markets  for  the  automobile manufacturers  with  whom  the  Group  deal  with  helps  strengthen  the  on-going  relationships  with  these manufacturers  and  provides  the  Group  with  credibility  to  attract  new  manufacturers  and  apply  for dealerships selling their brands when such expansion is strategically desirable.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group recognises the importance of environmental protection and has adopted stringent measures for environmental protection in order to ensure our compliance to the prevailing environmental protection laws and regulations.

The  Group  has  developed  environmental  protection  measures  and  policies  to  prevent  and  control pollution levels and harm caused to the environment in the form of waste gas, waste water, solid waste, dust etc. in the course of production or other activities in accordance with the applicable environmental laws and regulations.

The Group understands that a better future depends on everyone's participation and contribution. It has encouraged all employees to participate in environmental activities which benefit the community.

Please  also  refer  to  the  Company's  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  (ESG)  Report  regarding the  Group's  environmental  policies  and  performance  and  its  compliance  with  the  relevant  laws  and regulations in the environmental and social aspects during the Year.

## COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

As far  as  the  Board  is  aware,  the  Group  has  complied  in  material  respects  with  the  relevant  laws  and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group during the Year.

## RESULTS AND FINAL DIVIDEND

The results of the Group for the Year and the state of affairs of the Group as at that date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 76 to 189 of this Annual Report.

The  Directors  have  recommended  the  payment  of  a  final  cash  dividend  of  RMB0.1170  per  Share (2021:  RMB0.6991  per  Share)  to  the  Shareholders  whose  names  are  on  the  register  of  members  of the Company on 23 June 2023 (Friday). The declaration and payment of the final dividend is subject to approval by shareholders at the AGM and compliance with the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. Subject  to  the  fulfillment  of  the  above  conditions,  the  final  dividend  will  be  paid  in  cash  in  Hong  Kong dollars, calculated based on an exchange rate to be announced by the Company in due course. Based on  the  number  of  Shares  in  issue  as  at  the  date  of  this  Annual  Report,  a  total  amount  of  dividend  of approximately RMB157.4 million will be distributed. It is expected that the cheques for cash dividends will be sent by ordinary mail to shareholders at their own risk on 17 August 2023 (Thursday).

The  Conversion  Price  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  may  be  adjusted  due  to  the  declaration  of  the  final dividend pursuant to condition 6(c)(3) of the terms and conditions of the Convertible Bonds (published by the Company on 14 January 2022) after the determination of the applicable exchange rate for payment of the final dividend. If any adjustment is required, the Company will make further announcement following the determination of the exchange rate for the final dividend.

Please  also  refer  to  the  Company's  announcement  dated  30  March  2023  and  the  notice  of  AGM  for further information about the arrangements on closure of register of members in order to be entitled to attend the AGM, and to the final dividend, respectively.

There is no arrangement that a shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend.

## RESERVES

Details  of  movements  in  the  reserves  of  the  Group  during  the  Year  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated statement of changes in equity set out on page 80 of this Annual Report.

The  Company's  reserves  available  for  distribution  to  the  Shareholders  as  at  31  December  2022 amounted  to  RMB1,348,940,000  (2021:  RMB431,951,000),  subject  to  the  applicable  statutory requirements under the laws of the Cayman Islands.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for each of the five financial years ended 31 December 2022 is set out on page 191 of this Annual Report.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

For  the  purpose  of  disclosing  the  environmental,  social  and  governance  (' ESG ')  information  in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 to the Rules (the ' Listing Rules ') Governing the  Listing  of  Securities  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  (the  ' Stock  Exchange '),  the Company has engaged an external consultant to identify material ESG issues of the Group and assist in the reporting of the Group's performance based on its ESG management approach, strategy, priorities and objective. The ESG report has been dispatched to the shareholder of the Company and published on the website of the Company and the Stock Exchange on the same date.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant, equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

## TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any tax relief available to the Shareholders by reason of their holdings in the Company's securities.

Under current practice of the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by the Company.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movement in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 29(c) to the consolidated financial statements.

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this Annual Report were as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. YE Fan (Chairman)

Mr. YE Tao (Chief Executive Officer)

Ms. LUO Liuyu

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. CHEN Guiyi

Mr. TO Siu Lun (appointed on 30 November 2022)

Mr. WANG, Michael Chou

Mr. JIP Ki Chi (resigned on 30 November 2022)

The biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on page 22 to 26 of this Annual Report.

The  Company  has  received  an  annual  confirmation  of  independence  from  each  of  the  independent non-executive  Directors  pursuant  to  Rule  3.13  of  the  Listing  Rules.  The  Company  considers  all  the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

## Directors' Service Contracts

The  Company has entered  into  letter  of  appointment  with  each  of  its  executive  Directors  and  its  nonexecutive Directors, whose term of service shall continue unless and until terminated by either party by giving  not  less  than  three  months'  notice  in  writing  to  the  other  party,  and  subject  to  rotation  and  reelection pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association.

Save as disclosed above, no Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has service agreement with the  Company which is not determinable within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## Directors' Remuneration

Details of emoluments of the Directors are set out in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

Mr. TO Siu Lun is entitled to a director's fee of HK$180,000 per annum, and each of Mr. CHEN Guiyi and  Mr.  WANG,  Michael  Chou  is  entitled  to  a  director's  fee  of  HK$100,000  per  annum  pursuant  to their  respective  letter  of  appointment.  Save  for  Director's  fees,  none  of  our  independent  non-executive Directors  is  expected  to  receive  any  other  remuneration  for  holding  their  office  as  an  independent non-executive Director.

Resolutions  will  be  proposed  at  the  AGM  for  the  Shareholders  to  consider  authorising  the  Board  to fix  the  Directors'  remuneration.  Other  emoluments  are  determined  by  the  Board  with  reference  to the  recommendations  from  the  Remuneration  Committee  taking  into  account  the  directors'  duties, responsibilities  and  performance  and  the  results  of  the  Group.  There  is  no  arrangement  under  which a  Director  has  waived  or  agreed  to  waive  any  emoluments.  Please  also  refer  to  the  paragraph  headed 'Emolument Policy' below.

## Interests in Contracts

Other  than  as  disclosed  in  this  Annual  Report  or  note  34  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  at the end of, or at any time during, the year ended 31 December 2022, (i) no transaction, arrangement or contract  of  significance  in  which  a  Director  or  an  entity  connected  with  a  Director  is  or  was  materially interested, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted, (ii) no contract of significance between the Company or one of its subsidiary companies, and a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries subsisted, and (iii) no contract of significance for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries subsisted.

## Competing Business

Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) had any interests in any business (apart from the Group's business), which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group during the year and up to the date of this Annual Report.

## Directors' Interests or Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares

As at  31  December  2022,  the  interests  and  short  positions  of  the  Directors  and  chief  executive  in  the Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  (the  ' SFO ')),  which  were  required pursuant  to:  (a)  divisions  7  to  9  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO,  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock Exchange;  (b)  section  352  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO,  to  be  entered  in  the  register  referred  to  therein;  or (c)  the  Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the ' Model Code ')  to  be  notified  to  the  Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:

## Long Positions or Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

| Name of Director  Capacity  Interest in shares  Interest  in underlying  shares  pursuant  to share  options  (3)  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding  as at  31 December  2022  Personal  interest  Family  interest  YE Fan  (1)  Settlor of trust  -  702,712,000  -  55.05%  YE Tao  Beneficial owner  2,000,000  -  2,000,000  0.31%  LUO Liuyu  Beneficial owner  48,000  -  580,000  0.05%  CHEN Guiyi  Beneficial owner  750,000  -  250,000  0.08%  WANG Michael Chou  Beneficial owner  188,000  -  500,000  0.05%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

- (1) Mr. YE Fan is the settlor of the Ye Family Trust, a revocable discretionary family trust. The entire capital of Apex Holdings Enterprises Limited (' Apex Holdings ')  is  an  asset  of  such  family  trust,  and  Apex  Holdings in turn holds the entire issued share capital of Apex Sail Limited (' Apex Sail '). Apex Sail directly holds 702,712,000 Shares and by virtue of the SFO, Mr. YE Fan is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Apex Sail.
- (2) The percentage is calculated based on the total number of issued shares as at 31 December 2022, being 1,276,572,364.
- (3) Details of the Directors' interests in share options granted by the Company are set out under the heading 'Share Option Scheme' below.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## Directors' Rights to Acquire Shares

Save  for  options  granted  by  the  Company  to  certain  Directors  under  the  Company's  share  option scheme  (the  ' SOS '  or  ' Share  Option  Scheme ',  as  further  detailed  in  the  paragraph  headed  'Share Option Scheme' below), as of 31 December 2022, none of the Directors and chief executives had any interests or short positions in the shares, or underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

## Arrangements to Purchase Shares or Debentures

Other  than  the  SOS,  at  no  time  during  the  Year  was  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries,  a  party to  any  arrangement  whose  objects  are  (or  one  of  whose  objects  is)  to  enable  the  Directors  to  acquire benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition  of  shares  in,  or  debentures  of,  the  Company  or  any  other  body corporate,  and  none  of  the  Directors,  or  any  of  their  spouses  or  children  under  the  age  of  18,  was granted any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company, nor had exercised any such right.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AND OTHER PERSONS

As at 31 December 2022, the register of substantial Shareholders maintained by the Company pursuant to  Section  336  of  the  SFO  shows  that  other  than  the  interests  disclosed  above  in  respect  of  the Directors,  the  following  Shareholders  (other  than  the  Directors  or  chief  executives  of  the  Company  as disclosed above) had notified the Company of relevant interests and short positions in the issued share capital of the Company:

| Name of Shareholder  Capacity  Number of  shares held  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding  Substantial Shareholders  Apex Sail  (1), (2)  Beneficial owner  702,712,000  55.05%  Apex Holdings  (1), (2)  Interest in a controlled corporation  702,712,000  55.05%  IQ EQ (Switzerland) Limited  (2)  Trustee  702,712,000  55.05%  HU Huanran  (1), (3)  Interest of spouse  702,712,000  55.05%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) This is based on the total Shares in issue as at 31 December 2022, being 1,276,572,364.

- (2) Apex Sail is wholly owned by Apex Holdings. The entire issued share capital of Apex Holdings is wholly owned by IQ EQ (Switzerland)  Limited  as  the  trustee  of  the  Ye  Family  Trust.  The  Ye  Family  Trust  is  a  revocable  discretionary  family  trust founded by Mr. YE Fan as the settlor. The Ye Brothers and certain of their family members are the discretionary objects of the Ye Family Trust.
- (3) Mr. YE Fan is the settlor of the Ye Family Trust. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. YE Fan is deemed to be interested in the Shares of Apex Sail. Mr. YE Fan's spouse, Ms. HU Huanran, is deemed to be interested in such 702,712,000 Shares by virtue of the SFO.

Save  for  the  Shareholders  as  disclosed  herein,  the  Company  had  not  been  notified  of  any  substantial shareholder or other person (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company) who had an interest or a short position in the Shares or underlying Shares as recorded as at 31 December 2022 in the register to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO or was required to be disclosed under Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and the Listing Rules.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company has adopted the SOS with the purpose of enabling the Group to grant options to selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution to the Group. The Directors consider the SOS, with its  broadened basis of participation, will enable the Group to reward the employees, the Directors and other selected participants for their contributions to the Group.

Pursuant to the SOS, the Company may, at their discretion, invite full-time or part-time employees of the Group, including Directors and subsidiaries of the Company, and any suppliers, customers, consultants, agents and advisors, whether on a contractual or honorary basis and whether paid or unpaid, who have contributed or will contribute to the Group to take up options to subscribe for Shares. The exercise price of the share option will be determined by the Board but in any event cannot fall below the higher of the average  of  closing  prices  of  the  Shares  on  the  Stock  Exchange  on  the  five  trading  days  immediately preceding the date of grant of the option, the closing price of the Shares on the Stock Exchange on the date of grant or the nominal value of the Shares.

The SOS will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on 13 November 2013.

The  share  options  under  the  SOS  are  exercisable  at  any  time  for  a  period  to  be  determined  by  the Directors, which shall not be more than 10 years after the date of grant.

The total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the SOS is not permitted to exceed 10% of the Shares in issue on the date of the listing of the Company on 5 December 2013 (the ' Listing Date ') without prior approval from the Shareholders. No option may be granted in any 12-month period to any one employee which if exercised in full would result in the total number of Shares already issued and issuable to him under all the options previously granted to him and the said option exceeding 1% of the number of Shares issued and issuable under all the options which may be granted under the SOS or any other share option schemes at the time it is proposed to grant the relevant options to that employee.

Options granted under the SOS must be taken up within 21 days of the date of grant, upon payment of HK$1.00 per grant.

During  the  Year,  8,901,000  options  were  granted  by  the  Company  (representing  approximately  0.70% based on the weighted average of 1,273,120,000 Shares in issue during the Year).

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Further information of the outstanding Options under the Share Option Scheme during the Year is set out below:

| Name of grantees  Date of grant  Exercise  price  (HK$)  Outstanding  as of  1 January  2022  During the Year  Outstanding  as of 31  December  2022  Exercise period  Granted  3,9  Exercised (Relevant  closing price  4  )  Cancelled  Lapsed  Directors  YE Tao  20.01.2014  1.8  500,000  -  (500,000) (HK$28.20)  -  -  -  01.01.2015-12.11.2023  1.8  500,000  -  (500,000) (HK$28.20)  -  -  -  01.01.2016-12.11.2023  1.8  500,000  -  (500,000) (HK$28.20)  -  -  -  01.01.2017-12.11.2023  1.8  500,000  -  (500,000) (HK$28.20)  -  -  -  01.01.2018-12.11.2023  04.01.2018  2.58  500,000  -  -  -  -  500,000  04.01.2018-03.01.2028  2.58  500,000  -  -  -  -  500,000  04.01.2019-03.01.2028  2.58  500,000  -  -  -  -  500,000  04.01.2020-03.01.2028  2.58  500,000  -  -  -  -  500,000  04.01.2021-03.01.2028  LUO Liuyu  20.01.2014  1.8  75,000  -  (75,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2015-12.11.2023  1.8  75,000  -  (75,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2016-12.11.2023  1.8  75,000  -  (75,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2017-12.11.2023  1.8  75,000  -  (75,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2018-12.11.2023  04.01.2018  2.58  225,000  -  (225,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  04.01.2018-03.01.2028  2.58  225,000  -  (225,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  04.01.2019-03.01.2028  2.58  225,000  -  (225,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  04.01.2020-03.01.2028  2.58  225,000  -  -  -  -  225,000  04.01.2021-03.01.2028  18.07.2019  6.00  57,500  -  (57,500) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  18.07.2019-17.07.2029  6.00  57,500  -  (57,500) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  18.07.2020-17.07.2029  6.00  57,500  -  -  -  -  57,500  18.07.2021-17.07.2029  6.00  57,500  -  -  -  -  57,500  18.07.2022-17.07.2029  25.05.2022  26.20  -  60,000  -  -  -  60,000  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  26.20  -  60,000  -  -  -  60,000  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  26.20  -  60,000  -  -  -  60,000  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  26.20  -  60,000  -  -  -  60,000  25.05.2022-24.05.2032   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

| Name of grantees  Date of grant  Exercise  price  (HK$)  Outstanding  as of  1 January  2022  During the Year  Outstanding  as of 31  December  2022  Exercise period  Granted  3,9  Exercised (Relevant  closing price  4  )  Cancelled  Lapsed  CHEN Guiyi  18.07.2019  6.00  250,000  -  (250,000) (HK$15.60)  -  -  -  18.07.2021-17.07.2029  6.00  250,000  -  -  -  -  250,000  18.07.2022-17.07.2029  WANG Michael Chou  18.07.2019  6.00  250,000  -  -  -  -  250,000  18.07.2021-17.07.2029  6.00  250,000  -  -  -  -  250,000  18.07.2022-17.07.2029  Subtotal  6,430,000  240,000  (3,340,000) (HK$26.21)  -  -  3,330,000  JIP Ki Chi (resigned)  18.07.2019  6.00  250,000  -  (250,000) (HK$25.75)  -  -  -  18.07.2021-17.07.2029  6.00  250,000  -  (250,000) (HK$12.08)  -  -  -  18.07.2022-17.07.2029  Employees  Five highest paid  individual(s) (not  being Director or  chief executive of the  Company)  20.01.2014  1.80  30,000  -  (30,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2015-12.11.2023  1.80  30,000  -  (30,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2016-12.11.2023  1.80  30,000  -  (30,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2017-12.11.2023  1.80  30,000  -  (30,000) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2018-12.11.2023  04.01.2018  2.58  157,500  -  (112,500) (HK$25.00)  -  -  45,000  04.01.2018-03.01.2028  2.58  157,500  -  -  -  -  157,500  04.01.2019-03.01.2028  2.58  157,500  -  -  -  -  157,500  04.01.2020-03.01.2028  2.58  232,500  -  -  -  -  232,500  04.01.2021-03.01.2028  18.07.2019  6.00  553,750  -  -  -  -  553,750  18.07.2019-17.07.2029  6.00  566,250  -  -  -  -  566,250  18.07.2020-17.07.2029  6.00  566,250  -  -  -  -  566,250  18.07.2021-17.07.2029  6.00  566,250  -  -  -  -  566,250  18.07.2022-17.07.2029  16.01.2020  10.80  375,000  -  -  -  -  375,000  16.01.2020-15.01.2030  10.80  375,000  -  -  -  -  375,000  16.01.2021-15.01.2030  10.80  375,000  -  -  -  -  375,000  16.01.2022-15.01.2030  10.80  375,000  -  -  -  -  375,000  16.01.2023-15.01.2030  25.05.2022  26.20  -  112,500  -  -  -  112,500  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  26.20  -  112,500  -  -  -  112,500  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  26.20  -  112,500  -  -  -  112,500  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  26.20  -  112,500  -  -  -  112,500  25.05.2022-24.05.2032   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

| Name of grantees  Date of grant  Exercise  price  (HK$)  Outstanding  as of  1 January  2022  During the Year  Outstanding  as of 31  December  2022  Exercise period  Granted  3,9  Exercised (Relevant  closing price  4  )  Cancelled  Lapsed  Other senior  management (Not  being a Director, chief  executive or five highest  paid individuals)  04.01.2018  2.58  25,000  -  (25,000) (HK$28.20)  -  -  -  04.01.2018-03.01.2028  2.58  125,000  -  (125,000) (HK$28.20)  -  -  -  04.01.2019-03.01.2028  2.58  125,000  -  (125,000) (HK$25.75)  -  -  -  04.01.2020-03.01.2028  2.58  125,000  -  (25,000) (HK$25.75)  -  -  100,000  04.01.2021-03.01.2028  18.07.2019  6.00  12,500  -  -  -  -  12,500  18.07.2019-17.07.2029  6.00  12,500  -  -  -  -  12,500  18.07.2020-17.07.2029  6.00  12,500  -  -  -  -  12,500  18.07.2021-17.07.2029  6.00  12,500  -  -  -  -  12,500  18.07.2022-17.07.2029  25.05.2022  26.20  -  52,500  -  -  -  52,500  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  26.20  -  52,500  -  -  -  52,500  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  26.20  -  52,500  -  -  -  52,500  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  26.20  -  52,500  -  -  -  52,500  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  Other employees,  in aggregate  20.01.2014  1.80  7,500  -  (7,500) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2015-12.11.2023  1.80  7,500  -  (7,500) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2016-12.11.2023  1.80  7,500  -  (7,500) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2017-12.11.2023  1.80  7,500  -  (7,500) (HK$25.00)  -  -  -  01.01.2018-12.11.2023  04.01.2018  2.58  250,000  -  (150,000) (HK$25.43)  -  -  100,000  04.01.2018-03.01.2028  2.58  250,000  -  (150,000) (HK$25.43)  -  -  100,000  04.01.2019-03.01.2028  2.58  400,000  -  (225,000) (HK$26.35)  -  -  175,000  04.01.2020-03.01.2028  2.58  492,500  -  (175,000) (HK$27.78)  -  -  317,500  04.01.2021-03.01.2028  18.07.2019  6.00  315,000  -  (183,750) (HK$25.03)  -  (82,500)  48,750  18.07.2019-17.07.2029  6.00  315,000  -  (183,750) (HK$25.03)  -  (82,500)  48,750  18.07.2020-17.07.2029  6.00  870,000  -  (330,000) (HK$14.29)  -  (125,000)  415,000  18.07.2021-17.07.2029  6.00  931,250  -  (322,500) (HK$14.02)  -  (125,000)  483,750  18.07.2022-17.07.2029   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

| Name of grantees  Date of grant  Exercise  price  (HK$)  Outstanding  as of  1 January  2022  During the Year  Outstanding  as of 31  December  2022  Exercise period  Granted  3,9  Exercised (Relevant  closing price  4  )  Cancelled  Lapsed  16.01.2020  10.80  75,000  -  (70,000) (HK$25.00)  -  (5,000)  -  16.01.2020-15.01.2030  10.80  92,500  -  -  -  (12,500)  80,000  16.01.2021-15.01.2030  10.80  107,500  -  (12,500) (HK$28.20)  -  (12,500)  82,500  16.01.2022-15.01.2030  10.80  107,500  -  -  -  (12,500)  95,000  16.01.2023-15.01.2030  25.05.2022  26.2  -  2,000,250  -  -  (72,000)  1,928,250  25.05.2022-24.05.2032  26.2  -  2,000,250  -  -  (72,000)  1,928,250  25.05.2023-24.05.2032  26.2  -  2,000,250  -  -  (72,000)  1,928,250  25.05.2024-24.05.2032  26.2  -  2,000,250  -  -  (72,000)  1,928,250  25.05.2025-24.05.2032  Subtotal (All employees,  not being senior  management or five  highest paid individual)  4,236,250  8,001,000  (1,832,500) (HK$21.67)  (745,500)  9,659,250  Total  16,193,750  7  8,901,000  (6,205,000)  6  (HK$24.30)  (745,500)  18,144,250  8   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all Options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme  was  64,980,000  Shares  as  of  the  beginning  of  the  Year,  56,079,000  Shares  as  of  the  end  of  the  Year,  and 56,079,000 Shares as of the date of this Annual Report, representing approximately 5.20%, 4.39% and 4.17% of the total issued Shares as at the relevant time, respectively.
2. A consideration of HK$1 was payable by each grantee upon acceptance of the Option.
3. The exercise price of Options granted during the Year of HK$26.2 per Share represents the higher of: (i) the closing price of  HK$26.2 per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of grant; (ii) the average closing price of HK$25.5 per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheets of by the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value per Share. The closing price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date immediately before the date of grant was HK$25.0 per Share. Options granted during the Year is not subject to any vesting conditions.
4. Being the weighted average closing price per Share immediately before the date on which the Options were exercised.
5. The Options are subject to a vesting period from the date of grant to the date immediately before the commencement of the  exercise  period.  The  vesting  period  and  exercise  period  is  also  subject  to  earlier  cancellation,  lapse  or  termination  in accordance with the Share Option Scheme.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

6. Following  the  exercise  of  these  Options,  an  aggregate  of  6,205,000  Shares  (with  an  aggregate  nominal  value  of HK$620,500.0) were issued, with a total fund of approximately HK$21,222,750.0. Such funds has not been applied, and is expected to be applied for working capital and other corporate purposes within the next three years.

A total fund of approximately HK$13,471,500.0 from the issued of Shares arose from the exercise of Options in previous years was not yet applied as of the beginning of the Year. The Company intended for these funds from exercise of Options be applied towards working capital and general corporate purposes before 31 December 2024.

7. Representing approximately 1.30% of the total issued Shares as of the beginning of the Year.
8. Representing approximately 1.42% of the total issued Shares as of end of the Year.
9. The fair value of the Option granted on 25 May 2022 was HK$7.84 as of the date of grant, using the binomial option-pricing model  taking  into  account  the  terms  and  condition  upon  which  the  Options  were  granted  in  accordance  with  the  policy set  out  in  note  2(t)(iii)  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  Detail  of  the  accounting  policy  adopted  (including  the assumptions and input used in such pricing model, and the determination of these assumptions and inputs) are set out in note 27(c) to the consolidated financial statements.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTION

There were no significant connected transactions during the Year.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details  of  the  related  party  transactions  undertaken  in  normal  course  of  business  are  set  out  in  note 34  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  All  the  related  party  transactions  as  disclosed  in  note 34  to  the  consolidated  financial  statement  did  not  constitute  connected  transactions  or  continuing connected  transactions  of  the  Company  which  are  subject  to  the  reporting,  announcement  or independent shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The disclosure requirements  under  Chapter  14A  of  the  Listing  Rules  is  therefore  not  applicable  to  such  related  party transactions.

## UPDATE ON DIRECTORS' INFORMATION

The change in Directors' information as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules is set out below:

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Mr. TO Siu Lun, an independent non-executive Director, became an independent non-executive director of  Combine  Will  International  Holdings  Limited  (SGX:  N0Z,  whose  shares  are  listed  on  the  Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited) on 26 March 2023.

## NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKINGS

Each of the controlling Shareholders has provided to the Company a written confirmation in respect of his/its  compliance with the Non-Compete Undertakings dated 13 November 2013 (the ' Non-Compete Undertakings ')  for  the  Year.  The  independent  non-executive  Directors  have  also  reviewed  the  status of  compliance  by  each  of  the  controlling  Shareholders  with  the  undertakings  in  the  Non-Compete Undertakings  and  have  confirmed  that,  as  far  as  he/it  can  ascertain,  there  is  no  breach  of  any  of  the undertakings in the Non-Compete Undertakings.

## BORROWINGS

Particulars  of  borrowings  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022  are  set  out  in  note  23  to  the consolidated financial statements.

The gearing ratio (being the sum of loans and borrowings, convertible bonds payable and lease liabilities divided by total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company) was approximately 131.9% as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: approximately 65.4%).

## DONATIONS

During the Year, the Group made charitable and other donations amounting to RMB Nil.

## PUBLIC FLOAT

Based  on  the  information  that  is  publicly  available  to  the  Company  and  within  the  knowledge  of  the Directors, as at the date of this Annual Report, there is sufficient public float of not less than 25% of the Shares in issue as required under the Listing Rules.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the Year, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for approximately 0.06% of the total revenue,  and  sales  to  the  largest  customer  accounted  for  approximately  0.02%  of  the  total  revenue. The five largest suppliers of the Group in aggregate accounted for about 93.51% of its operating costs for the Year. Purchases from the largest supplier accounted for about 34.72% of its operating costs for the  Year.  None  of  the  Directors,  their  close  associates,  or  any  Shareholder  (who  to  the  knowledge  of the Directors owned more than 5% of the Company's share capital) had any interest in the Group's five largest customers or suppliers.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No  contract  (not  being  a  contract  of  service  with  a  director  or  full-time  employee  of  the  Group) concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group was entered into or existed during the Year.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There  are  no  provisions  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Articles  of  Association  or  the  laws  of  the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

For  the  Year,  save  as  disclosed  in  this  Annual  Report,  the  Company  has  not  entered  into  any equity-linked agreement.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

There  was  no  purchase,  sale  or  redemption  by  the  Company,  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries,  of  any  listed securities  of  the  Company  during  the  Year  and  until  the  date  of  this  report  save  as  disclosed  in  this Annual Report.

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of 4,689 employees (31 December 2021: 5,076), the majority of whom are situated in the PRC. In addition to offering competitive remuneration packages to employee, discretionary bonuses, retirement scheme contribution and share options may also be granted to  eligible  employees  based  on  individual  performance.  The  Group's  contributions  made to the defined contribution  retirement  scheme  are  non-refundable,  and  forfeited  contributions  cannot  be  used  by  the employer to reduce the existing level of contribution.

The  Group  also  encourages  its  employees  to  pursue  a  balanced  life  and  provides  a  good  working environment  for  its  employees  to  maximise  their  potential  and  contribution  to  the  Group.  The  Group attached  great  importance  to  talent  retention  and  cultivation,  and  paid  attention  to  mutual  progress between  employees  and  the  Group.  The  Group  determines  career  development  intentions  with employees and formulates vocational development schemes for them. The Group also arranges tutors to guide employees in their career development, to deal with the training, review and promotion matters for employees, enabling employees to develop solidly and steadily in their careers.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The  Remuneration  Committee,  having  regard  to  the  Company's  operating  results,  individual  duties, responsibilities, performance and comparable market statistics, makes recommendations to the Board on the emoluments of the Directors and senior management. No Director, or any of his close associates, and executive, is involved in dealing with his own remuneration.

The Company has adopted the Share Option Scheme as an incentive to Directors and eligible employees, details  of  the  schemes  is  set  out  in  note  27  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  under  the heading 'Share Option Scheme' in this Report of Directors.

## PERMITTED DIRECTORS' INDEMNITY

Pursuant to the Articles of Association currently in force, every Director shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him as a Director in  defending  any  proceedings,  whether  civil  or  criminal,  in  which  judgment  is  given  in  his  favour,  or  in which he is acquitted. During the Year, the Company has arranged appropriate directors' and officers' liabilities insurance for Directors and officers of the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company has complied with the applicable code provisions as set out in Part  2  of  the  Corporate Governance  Code  as  contained  in  Appendix  14  to  the  Listing  Rules  (the  ' Code ')  in  force  during  the Year.  Details  of  the  corporate  governance  of  the  Group  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'Corporate Governance Report' in this Annual Report.

## SIGNIFICANT LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

During the Year, the Company was not engaged in any litigation or arbitration of material importance and no litigation or claim of material importance is known to the Directors to be pending or threatened against the Company.

## STATUS ON USE OF PROCEEDS

In  June  2020,  the  Company issued 81,000,000 new Shares at the subscription price of HK$15.84 per Share. The Company received approximately HK$1,262 million after deducting placement cost in respect of it.

In  January  2022,  the  Company  issued  Convertible  Bonds  and  Shares  under  the  general  mandate, and  received  approximately  HK$3,461  million  (with  approximately  HK$2,690  million  from  the  issue  of Convertible  Bonds,  and  approximately  HK$771  million  from  the  issue  of  Shares)  in  aggregate  after deducting applicable costs and expenses. See also the paragraph headed 'Significant Events' above in the  section  headed  'Management  Discussion  and  Analysis'.  Below  sets  out  the  use  of  proceeds  from such issues:

| Intended use of net proceeds  Percentage  of total net  proceeds of  such issue  Unutilized  proceeds as at  31 December  2021  Utilized  during  the Year  Unutilized  proceeds as at  31 December  2022  (approximately)  (in HK$ million)  (in HK$ million)  (in HK$ million)  Proceeds from issue in June 2020  Opportunistic mergers and  acquisitions  70%  883  883  Nil  General working capital  30%  379  379  Nil  Total  100%  1,262  1,262  Nil  Proceeds from issue in January 2022  Business expansion (including  strategic investments and  acquisitions)*  90%  N/A  3,115  Nil  Working capital and other general  corporate purposes**  10%  N/A  346  Nil  Total  100%  3,461  Nil   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

* Including approximately HK$2,421 million from issue of Convertible Bonds, and approximately HK$694 million from issue of Shares.

** Including  approximately  HK$269  million  from  issue  of  Convertible  Bonds,  and  approximately  HK$77  million  from  issue  of Shares.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The proceeds have been fully utilized on their intended purposes as previously announced and within the time frame as planned up to the date of this Annual Report.

## IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER END OF YEAR

## Issue of shares under general mandate

On 4 January 2023, the Company, Apex Sail (as vendor of Shares) and Citigroup Global Markets Asia Limited (as placing agent) entered into a placing and subscription agreement, under which (i) Apex Sail agreed to sell 68,000,000 existing Shares at a placing price of HK$15.05 per Share to not less than six independent  third  party  placees  procured  by  the  placing  agent,  and  (ii)  the  Company  agreed  to  issue 68,000,000 Shares to Apex Sail at  a  subscription  price  of  HK$15.05  per  Share.  The  closing  price  per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 4 January 2023 (being the date on which the subscription price was fixed) was HK$17.14 per Share. The share placement and subscription have been completed in January 2023.

The net proceeds from the issue of Shares (after deducting all relevant fees, costs and expenses borne or incurred by the Company) were approximately HK$1,012 million in aggregate. The net price based on the net proceeds was approximately HK$14.88 per Share. The Board considers that the share allotment represents  an  opportunity  to  raise  additional  funds  to  strengthen  the  financial  position,  to  enlarge  the Shareholders' equity and capital base of the Company in support of a sustainable overall development and expansion. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for business expansion, working capital and  other  general  corporate  purposes,  including  strategic  investments  and  acquisitions.  For  further information, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 4 January 2023.

Particulars  of  important  events  affecting  the  Group  that  have  occurred  since  the  end  of  the  Year  are provided in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.

## AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been audited by KPMG, the Company's external auditors (the ' Auditors '). A resolution will be proposed at the AGM to re-appoint KPMG as the Auditors.

On behalf of the Board

YE Fan

Chairman

Hong Kong, 30 March 2023

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REP

The Directors and other members of the management team of the Company are dedicated to maintain high  standards  of  corporate  governance.  They  will  continue  to  exercise  leadership,  enterprise,  integrity and judgement so as to achieve the Company's long-term objective of continuing prosperity and to act in  the  best  interests  of  the  Company and its Shareholders as a whole in a transparent and responsible manner. Strategic development with prudence and adherence to ethical principles form the core of the Company's corporate governance culture and practices.

The  Company  continues  to  devote  efforts  on  promoting  good  corporate  governance  so  as  to  ensure its  ability  to  attract  investment,  protect  the  rights  of  the  Shareholders  and  stakeholders,  and  enhance Shareholders' value.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company has adopted the Code as its own code on corporate governance practices. The principles of the Code were applied in general to the corporate governance structure and practices of the Group. The  Company  has  taken  various  measures  to  cope  with  the  latest  development  in  the  corporate governance  regime  and  apply  corporate  policies  and  procedures  based  on  the  principles  of  the  Code with reference to the Company's own individuality.

The  Company  has  complied  with  the  applicable  code  provisions  as  set  out  in  Part  2  of  the  Code  in force during the Year. The Board continues to monitor and review the Company's corporate governance practices to ensure compliance.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Composition of the Board

As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board comprises six members as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. YE Fan (Chairman) Mr. YE Tao (Chief Executive Officer) Ms. LUO Liuyu

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. CHEN Guiyi Mr. TO Siu Lun* Mr. WANG, Michael Chou

*Note: Mr.  TO  Siu  Lun  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director,  the  Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee,  and  a member  of  each  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Nomination  Committee  with  effect  from  30  November  2022, following the resignation of Mr. JIP Ki Chi from the above positions with effect on the same date.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

All Directors have distinguished themselves in their field of expertise, and have exhibited high standards of personal and professional ethics and integrity. The biographical details of each Director are disclosed on pages 22 to 26 of this Annual Report.

The  Company  has  arranged  appropriate  directors'  and  officers'  liabilities  insurance  for  Directors  and officers of the Company. Details of the directors' indemnity are provided in the Report of the Directors on page 44 of this Annual Report. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.

Each independent non-executive Director has confirmed, in accordance with the guidelines for assessing independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules that he is independent of the Company and the Company  also  considers  that  all  of  them  are  independent.  Except  for  the  family  relationship  between Mr.  YE  Fan  and  Mr.  YE  Tao  as  disclosed  in  the  biographical  details  on  pages  22  to  23  of  this  Annual Report, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship) between any members of the Board.

The list  of  Directors  is  disclosed  in  all  corporate  communications  issued  by  the  Company  from  time  to time pursuant to the Listing Rules. The independent non-executive Directors are expressly identified in all corporate communications pursuant to the Listing Rules.

Please refer to the paragraph headed 'Board of Directors' in the section headed 'Report of the Directors' in this Annual Report regarding the Directors' service term.

Pursuant to the Articles of Association, at least one-third of the Directors shall retire from office but are eligible  for  re-election  by  the  Shareholders  at  each  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  and  each Director shall retire on a rotational basis at least once every three years.

During  the  Year,  the  Board  had  at  all  times  met  the  requirements  of  the  Listing  Rules  relating  to  the appointment  of  at  least  three  independent  non-executive  Directors  with  at  least  one  independent non-executive  Director  possessing  appropriate  professional  qualifications  or  accounting  or  related financial  management  expertise  pursuant  to  Rule  3.10  of  the  Listing  Rules  and  the  appointment  of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board pursuant to Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules.

## Functions of the Board

The Board, headed by the chairman of the Board (the ' Chairman '),  is  responsible  for  formulation  and approval of the Group's development, business strategies, policies, annual budgets and business plans, recommendation of any dividend and supervision of management.

The  executive  Directors  are  responsible  for  day-to-day  management  of  the  Company's  operations, financial  management  and  conducting  meetings  with  senior  management  of  the  Group,  at  which operational issues and financial performance are evaluated.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Company  considers  that  internal  control  system  and  risk  management  function  are  essential,  and the  Board  plays  an  important  role  in  implementing  and  monitoring  internal  control  system  and  risk management function.

Matters  specifically  decided  by  the  Board  and  those  reserved  for  the  management,  such  as  daily management,  administration,  operation  of  the  Company  and  so  forth,  are  reviewed  by  the  Board  on a  periodic  basis.  The  management  shall  report  back  to  the  Board.  In  addition,  the  Directors  may  seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company's expenses.

The  Articles  of  Association  sets  out  the  responsibilities  and  proceedings  of  the  Board.  The  Board meets regularly, at least four times a year, to consider operational reports and policies of the Company. Significant operational policies are discussed and passed by the Board.

## BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board has adopted a policy of the Board diversity (the ' Board Diversity Policy ') which sets out the approach to achieve diversity  on  the  Board.  Under  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  the  Company  considers diversity  of  Board  members  to  be  achieved  through  consideration  of  a  number  of  aspects,  including but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments are based on merit and contribution, and candidates are considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy to ensure the effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy.

As  at  the  date  of  this  Annual  Report,  the  Board  comprises  six  Directors,  one  of  whom  is  female.  The Board  considers  the  current  Board  composition  has  provided  the  Company  with  a  good  balance and  diversity  of  skills  and  experience  appropriate  to  the  requirements  of  its  business,  and  allowed opinion  from  different  gender  and  background  be  heard  and  discussed,  and  Board  diversity  (including gender diversity) has been achieved, with reference to the current circumstances of the Company. The Board  targets  to  maintain  the  current  level  of  at  least  one  female  representation  on  the  Board.  The Board  will  continue  review  its  structure  to  ensure  it  suits  the  requirement  of  its  business  and  support the  development  of  the  Group.  If  situation  evolves  and  the  Board  determines  that  an  additional  or replacement Director  is  required  to  achieve  gender  diversity  or  to  suits  the  business  requirements  and support the development of the Group, the Company will deploy multiple channels for identifying suitable director candidates, including without limitation, referral from management, shareholders and advisors of the Company, or internal promotion, with regards to the range of diversity perspectives set forth in the Board Diversity Policy.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## NOMINATION POLICY

The  Company  has  adopted  a  nomination  policy,  which  establishes  written  guidelines  to  nomination committee  to  identify  individuals  suitably  qualified  to  become  Board  members  and  make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships with reference to  the  formulated  criteria.  The  Board  is  ultimately  responsible  for  selection  and  appointment  of  new Directors.  The  Board,  through  the  delegation  of  its  authority  to  the  nomination  committee,  has  used its  best  efforts  to  ensure  the  Board  has  a  balance  of  skills,  experience,  and  diversity  of  perspectives appropriate  to  the  requirements  of  the  Company's  business.  Collectively,  they  have  competencies  in areas which are relevant and valuable to the Group.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The  Company  has  adopted  a  dividend  policy  in  deciding  whether  to  propose  a  dividend  and  in determining the dividend amount, the Board shall take into account, among other things, the following factors:

- (a) the Company's current and future operations, actual and expected financial performance;
- (b) any corporate development plans;
- (c) the  Group's  liquidity  position,  working  capital  and  capital  expenditure  requirements  and  future expected capital needs;
- (d) the level of the Group's debt to equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants;
- (e) any restrictions  on  payments  of  dividends  that  may  be  imposed  by  the  Group's  lenders  or  other third parties;
- (f) retained  earnings  and  distributable  reserves  of  the  Company  and  each  of  the  members  of  the Group;
- (g) general  economic  conditions,  the  business  cycle  of  the  Group's  business  and  other  internal  and external factors that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and
- (h) any other factor that the Board deems appropriate and relevant.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The recommendation of the payment of dividend is subject to the determination of the Board, and, any declaration of final dividend for the year will be subject to the approval of the Shareholders. The payment of dividend is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and any other  applicable  laws,  rule  and  regulations  and  amended  and  restated  memorandum  and  articles  of association of the Company.

## Corporate Governance Functions

The Board is responsible for performing corporate governance functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the Code, which includes:

- (a) developing  and  reviewing  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  corporate  governance  and make recommendations to the Board;
- (b) reviewing  and  monitoring  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  the  Directors and senior management;
- (c) reviewing  and  monitoring  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and regulatory requirements;
- (d) developing,  reviewing  and  monitoring  the  code  of  conduct  and  compliance  manual  (if  any) applicable to employees and the Directors; and
- (e) reviewing the Company's compliance with the Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

Please also refer to the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' and the 'Report of the Directors' for more information about the Directors' remuneration policy.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Board  approved  the  terms  of  reference  of  the  Board (with respect to corporate governance duties), and the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee, the audit committee (the ' Audit Committee ')  and the Remuneration Committee and the Shareholders' communication policy of the Company (the ' Shareholders' Communication Policy ').

The Board and the committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties including, retention  of  independent  professional  advisers,  if  necessary,  at  the  cost  of  the  Company,  to  provide advice on any specific matter.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Directors' Training and Continuous Professional Development

Each  newly  appointed  Director  is  provided  with  necessary  induction  and  information  to  ensure  that he/she  has  a  proper  understanding  of  the  Company's  operations  and  businesses  as  well  as  his/her responsibilities under the Listing Rules and other relevant regulatory requirements.

The  Directors  are  regularly  briefed  on  the  amendments  to  or  updates  on  the  relevant  laws,  rules  and regulations. In addition, the Company has been encouraging the Directors and management to enroll in a wide range of professional development courses and seminars relating to the Listing Rules, companies ordinance/act  and  corporate  governance  practices  organized  by  professional  bodies  so  that  they  can continuously update and further improve their relevant knowledge and skills.

From  time  to  time,  the  Company  updates  and  provides  written  training  materials  on  the  latest developments of applicable laws, rules and regulations to the Directors.

According  to  the  records  provided  by  the  Directors,  a  summary  of  training  received  by  the  Directors during the Year are as follows:

| Name of Directors  Attending Seminars  Reading the seminar  materials prepared  by professional body  and circulated by the  Company  Executive Directors  Mr. YE Fan  ✓  ✓  Mr. YE Tao  ✓  ✓  Ms. LUO Liuyu  ✓  ✓  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. CHEN Guiyi  ✓  ✓  Mr. TO Siu Lun  (appointed on 30 November 2022)  ✓  ✓  Mr. WANG, Michael Chou  ✓  ✓   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board Meetings

Code provision C.5.1 of the Code prescribes that at least four regular board meetings should be held in each year at approximately quarterly intervals with active  participation  of  majority  of  directors,  either  in person or through electronic means of communication. Due notices and board papers were given to all Directors prior to each meeting in accordance with the Articles of Association and the Code.

During the Year, four Board meetings were held. Details of individual attendance of each of the Directors are set out below:

| Name of Directors  Attendance/Number  of Meetings Eligible  to Attend  Executive Directors  Mr. YE Fan  4/4  Mr. YE Tao  4/4  Ms. LUO Liuyu  4/4  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. CHEN Guiyi  4/4  Mr. TO Siu Lun  (appointed on 30 November 2022)  N/A  Mr. WANG, Michael Chou  4/4  Mr. JIP Ki Chi  (resigned on 30 November 2022)  4/4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: No meeting was held after 30 November 2022 to the end of the Year.

Apart  from  the  regular  Board  meetings,  the  Chairman  has  also  met  with  independent  non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors during the Reporting Period.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Board Process

Directors  are  provided  with  relevant  information  to  make  informed  decisions.  The  Board  and  each Director  have  separate  and  independent  access  to  the  Company's  senior  management  for  information and  making  enquiries  if  necessary.  In  addition,  Directors  may  seek  independent  professional  advice  in appropriate circumstances at the Company's expenses.

Every  Director  is  entitled  to  have  access  to  the  advice  and  services  of  the  Company  Secretary  with  a view  to  ensure  that  the  Board  procedures,  and  all  applicable  rules  and  regulations,  are  complied  with. All  minutes  are  kept  by  the  Company  Secretary  and  are  opened for inspections by any Director during normal office hours by giving reasonable advance notice.

If a substantial Shareholder or a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter before the Board, the matter will be dealt with in accordance with applicable rules and regulations and, if appropriate, an independent board committee will be set up to deal with the matter.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Code provision  C.2.1  of  the  Code  stipulates  that  the  roles  of  chairman  and  chief  executive  should  be separate and should not be performed by the same person. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and chief executive should be clearly established and set out in writing. The Chairman is Mr. YE Fan; and the chief executive officer of the Company (the ' Chief Executive Officer ')  is  Mr.  YE Tao. The roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are separate. Such division of responsibilities has been clearly established. It allows a balance of power between the Board and the management of the Group, and ensures the independence and accountability of each of the Board and management of the Group. The Chairman oversees the Board so that it acts in the best interests of the Group. With the support of the executive Directors and the Company Secretary, the Chairman seeks to ensure that all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at Board meetings and that they receive adequate, clear, complete and reliable information in a timely manner. The Chairman has overall responsibility for providing leadership, vision  and  direction  regarding  business  development  of  the  Group  and  ensuring  that  good  corporate governance practices and procedures are established.

The  Chief  Executive  Officer,  who  is  assisted  by  other  executive  Directors,  is  responsible  for  the day-to-day  business  management  and  operations  of  the  Group  for  formulating  and  successfully implementing policies and maintaining an effective executive support team. The Chief Executive Officer is  accountable  to  the  Board  for  keeping  the  Chairman  and  all  the  Directors  fully  informed  of  all  major business developments and issues.

## Responsibilities of the Directors

In the course of discharging their duties, the Directors act in good faith, with due diligence and care, and in the best interests of the Company and its Shareholders. Their responsibilities include:

- attending  regular  Board  meetings  focusing  on  business  strategy,  operational  issues  and  financial performance;
- active participation on the boards of subsidiaries and associated companies;
- approval of annual budgets for each operating company covering strategy, financial and business performance, key risks and opportunities;
- monitoring the quality, timeliness, relevance and reliability of internal and external reporting;
- consideration of misuse of corporate assets and abuse in related party transactions; and
- ensuring processes are in place to maintain the overall integrity of the Company, including financial statements, relationships with suppliers, customers and other stakeholders, and compliance with all laws and ethics.

To enable the Directors to meet their obligations, an appropriate organizational structure is in place with clearly defined responsibilities and limits of authority.

## Delegation by the Board

The Company has set out the respective functions and responsibilities reserved to the Board and those delegated  to  management  staff  under  the  supervision  of  the  Board  and  its  committees.  The  Board delegates  day-to-day  operations  of  the  Group  to  executive  Directors  and  senior  management  while reserving  certain  key  matters  for  its  approval,  such  as  policy  matters,  strategies  and  budgets,  internal control  and  risk  management,  material  transactions  (in  particular,  transactions  that  may  involve  conflict of  interests),  approval  of  financial  results,  the  setting  of  budget  and  dividend  policy,  matters  relating  to the  Company's share capital, appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. The management reports to, and is  accountable  to,  the  Board.  Decisions  of  the  Board  are communicated to the management through, among others, executive Directors who have attended the board meetings.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Company has set up a number of committees of the Board, including the Remuneration Committee, the  Audit  Committee  and  the  Nomination  Committee,  with  specific  terms  of  reference  relating  to  their authority and duties, which strengthen the Board's functions and enhance its expertise.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. WANG, Michael  Chou,  Mr.  TO  Siu  Lun  and  Mr.  CHEN  Guiyi.  Mr.  WANG,  Michael  Chou  is  the  chairman  of  the Remuneration Committee.

The  written  terms  of  reference  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  have  been  adopted  by  the  Board  and posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Written  terms  of  reference  sets  out  Remuneration  Committee's  responsibilities  including,  among others,  to  make  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the  Company's  remuneration  policy  and  structure for  all  Directors  and  senior  management,  to  make  recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual Director executive Directors and senior management, and non-executive Directors; to  review  and  approve  the  compensation  payable  to  Directors  and  senior  management  in  the  event of  loss  or  termination  of  office,  dismissal  or  removal,  and  to  ensure  that  no  Director  or  any  of  his/her associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

The Remuneration Committee held two meetings during the Year with individual attendance as follows:

| Members of the Remuneration Committee  Attendance/  Number of  Meetings  Mr. WANG, Michael Chou  (Chairman)  2/2  Mr. CHEN Guiyi  2/2  Mr. TO Siu Lun  (appointed on 30 November 2022)  N/A  Mr. JIP Ki Chi  (resigned on 30 November 2022)  2/2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: No meeting was held after 30 November 2022 to the end of the Year.

The  Group  remunerates  its  employees  based  on  their  individual  performance,  job  nature  and responsibilities. The Group also provides training and various benefits to its employees including medical welfare,  provident  funds,  bonuses  and  other  incentives.  The  Group  also  encourages  its  employees to  pursue  a  balanced  life  and  provides  a  good  working  environment  to  maximize  their  potential  and contribution to the Group.

During  the  Year,  the  Remuneration  Committee  performed  their  functions  as  set  out  in  the  terms  of reference.  They,  among  other  things,  reviewed  the  Company's  remuneration  policy  and  structure,  and accessed performance of individual executive Directors, reviewed and approved service terms of executive Directors and senior management, and made recommendation to the Board regarding the remuneration package  of  executive  Directors,  senior  management  and  non-executive  Directors  with  reference  to the  Company's  remuneration  policy.  The  Remuneration  Committee  also  reviewed  the  grant  of  Options (including  to  an  executive  Director).  Having  considered  factors  including  individual  performance  and contribution, market trend of overall emolument packages, costs and effect of alternative incentives (e.g. cash)  and  vesting  tranches,  the  Remuneration  Committee  considered  the  grant  to  be  appropriate,  and align the grantees' interests with those of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee comprises Mr. CHEN Guiyi, Mr. WANG, Michael Chou and Mr. TO Siu Lun, all of whom are  independent  non-executive  Directors,  prior  to  the  resignation  of  Mr.  JIP  (who  was  also  the chairman of the Audit Committee). Following the change in the composition of the Board, Mr. TO Siu Lun as been appointed as the chairman of the Audit Committee, in place of Mr. JIP.

The  written  terms  of  reference  which  were  revised  and  adopted  on  12  March  2019,  which  describe the authority and duties of the Audit Committee have been adopted and posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, and are regularly reviewed and updated by the Board.

The Audit Committee reports directly to the Board. The main roles and functions of the Audit Committee are  sets  out  in  the  terms  of  reference,  which  includes,  without  limitation:  reviewing  the  Company's financial  information,  overseeing  the  Group  financial  reporting  system,  risk  management  and  internal control  system,  reviewing  and  monitoring  the  Group's  corporate  governance  functions,  and  to  make recommendation on matters relating to the appointment/removal of external auditors and monitoring their independence and scope of audit.

The Audit Committee meets regularly with the Auditors to discuss various accounting issues, and reviews the effectiveness of internal controls and risk management systems.

The Audit Committee held two meetings during the Year with individual attendance as follow:

| Members of the Audit Committee  Attendance/Number  of Meetings  Mr. TO Siu Lun  (Chairman) (appointed on 30 November 2022)  N/A  Mr. CHEN Guiyi  2/2  Mr. WANG, Michael Chou  2/2  Mr. JIP Ki Chi  (Chairman, prior to his resignation on 30 November 2022)  2/2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: No meeting was held after 30 November 2022 to the end of the Year.

A  meeting  of  the  Audit  Committee  was  held  on  30  March  2023  to  review  the  Group's  consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.

During  the  Year,  the  Audit  Committee  performed  its  functions  according  to  the  terms  of  references and  other  applicable  duties  under  the  Corporate  Governance  Code.    They  have,  among  other  things, reviewed  the  financial  information  of  the  Group  (including  its  annual  and  interim  results),  the  financial reporting,  risk  management  and  internal  control  system  and  certain  other  policies  and  procedures  of the Group, the effectiveness of the Group's internal audit function, the Group's regulatory and statutory compliance, the external auditors work and independence, significant accounting and audit issue, made recommendation  to  the  Group  on  auditors'  reappointment,  and  other  work  required  to  be  performed under the Company's articles of association, and/or the Listing Rules.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Audit Committee has also reviewed the 2022 annual results and this Annual Report.

## Nomination Committee

The  Nomination  Committee  comprises  one  executive  Director,  Mr.  YE  Fan  and  two  independent non-executive Directors, Mr. WANG, Michael Chou, and Mr. TO Siu Lun. Mr. YE Fan is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

The  written  terms  of  reference  of  the  Nomination  Committee  which  was  revised  on  12  March  2019 and have been adopted by the Board and are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

The  Nomination  Committee's  responsibilities  are  set  out  in  its  written  terms  of  reference,  which include,  among  other  things,  maintaining  a  nomination  policy  and  procedures  regarding  candidates  for directorship;  reviewing  the  Board's  composition,  structure,  size,  and  diversity;  assessing  independence of  independent  non-executive  Directors;  making  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  various  matters relating to Board directorship, policy and succession planning, with a view to complement the Company's corporate value and strategy.

During  the  Year,  the  Nomination  Committee  performed  its  functions  as  required  under  the  terms  of references,  among  others,  it  examined  the  structure,  size,  composition  and  diversity  (including  gender and  other  diversity  aspects)  of  the  Board,  and  made  recommendations  the  Board  to  ensure  the Board  has  the  necessary  expertise,  skills  and  experience  required  to  meet  the  Company's  business objective. It also reviewed the performance of the retiring Directors, the independence of all independent non-executive  Directors,  and  made  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  their  re-election;  and  reviewed the  Board  Diversity  Policy  and  its  implementation,  and  measurable  objectives  fitting  the  Company's individuality. During the Year, the Nomination Committee assisted the Board with respect to the changes to  the  composition  of  the  Board  and  other  Board  committees,  by  making  its  recommendation  to  the Board.  In  reach  such  recommendation,  the  Nomination  Committee  considered  a  range  of  different factors, such as: the candidate's individual merits and commitment, the need. balance, structure and size of the Board, as well as other diversity aspects in accordance with the Group's policies (e.g. nomination policy and Board diversity policy) and corporate goal.

The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the Year. The attendance records of the meetings are as follow:

| Members of the Nomination Committee  Attendance/Number  of Meetings  Mr. YE Fan  (Chairman)  2/2  Mr. TO Siu Lun  (appointed on 30 November 2022)  N/A  Mr. WANG, Michael Chou  2/2  Mr. JIP Ki Chi  (resigned on 30 November 2022)  2/2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: No meeting was held after 30 November 2022 to the end of the Year.

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The  Company  has  adopted  the  Model  Code  for  Securities  Transactions  by  Directors  of  Listed  Issuers as  set  out  in  Appendix  10  of  the  Listing  Rules  (the  ' Model Code ')  as  the  code  of  conduct  regarding securities transactions by the Directors. All Directors have confirmed, following specific enquiries by the Company, that they have complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code throughout the Year.

## EXTERNAL AUDITOR

The  Auditors  is  KPMG,  a  Public  Interest  Entity  Auditor  registered  in  accordance  with  the  Financial Reporting Council Ordinance. KPMG provided services in respect of the audit of Company's consolidated financial statements which were prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (' HKFRSs ')  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (' HKICPA ')  for  the Year.  KPMG  also  reviewed  the  2022  unaudited  interim  financial  information  of  the  Group  prepared in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Accounting  Standards  34  'Interim  Financial  Reporting'  issued  by  the HKICPA.

During the Year, total fees charged by KPMG in respect of audit services amounted to RMB9,500,000, including  interim  review  of  the  financial  statement  of  the  Company  for  the  six  months  ended  30  June 2022. Non-audit service fees, being audit and advisory services in relation to an acquisition and issuance of bonds, charged by KPMG during the Year amounted to RMB5,770,000.

The statement of the Auditors regarding their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor's Report on pages 65 to 75 of this Annual Report.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES IN PREPARING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements and ensuring that the preparation of the accounts is in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards.

## GOING CONCERN

The  Directors,  having  made  appropriate  enquiries,  consider  that  the  Company  and  the  Group  have adequate  resources  to  continue  in  operational  existence  for  the  foreseeable  future  and  that,  for  this reason, it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## EFFECTIVENESS OF RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS

The  Board  is  responsible  for  the  Company's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  and  for reviewing  its  effectiveness  on  an  ongoing  basis.  The  Group's  internal  audit  department  and  senior management conduct reviews of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of  the  Group.  The  Audit  Committee  reviews  the  findings  and  recommendations  of  the  internal  audit department and the senior management in their meetings held at least twice a year and reports to the Board on such review.

The key feature of the Group's risk management and internal control systems is to effectively identify and evaluate emerging risks and risk changes both quantitatively and qualitatively, and to promptly manage such risks with appropriates responses and mitigation strategies.

The  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  are  designed  to  manage,  rather  than  eliminate business  risk;  to  help  safeguard  the  Group's  assets  against  fraud  and  other  irregularities;  and  to  give reasonable,  but  not  absolute,  assurance  against  material  financial  misstatement  or  loss.  In  addition, it  should  provide  a  basis  for  the  maintenance  of  proper  and  fair  accounting  records  and  assist  in  the compliance with relevant rules and regulations.

The  Company  has  developed  and  adopted  various  risk  management  guidelines  and  procedures  with defined authority for implementation. Such guidelines and procedures cover, including but not limited to, policy  on  securities  trading,  safety  control  system  for  production  and  fire,  methods  of  prevention  from occupational disease, guidelines on the use of office seal, policy on confidential control (as updated and amended  from  time  to  time),  policy  on  employees'  external  training,  guidelines  regarding  information management and transition.

In respect of the Year, the Board, through the Audit Committee, reviewed the overall effectiveness of the Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems,  covering  financial,  operational  and  compliance controls  and  risk  management  functions,  which  included  the  adequacy  of  resources,  qualifications  and experience of staff of the accounting and financial reporting function, and their training programmes and budget. The Board conducts such review at least once every year.

The Company has also developed its disclosure policy to guide the Company's Directors, officers, senior management and relevant employees to handle confidential information, monitor information disclosure and  respond  to  enquiries.  Monitoring  and  control  procedures  have  been  implemented  to  prohibit  the unauthorised access and use of inside information.

Whistleblowing  procedures  are  in  place  to  facilitate  employees  of  the  Company  to  raise,  in  confidence and anonymity, concerns about improprieties (such as criminal offences or financial impropriety) or other matters of the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company has in place written measures and procedures on guiding Directors, officers and relevant employees regarding securities dealing restrictions and handling of confidential and inside information.

The management has confirmed to the Board and the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems for the Year.

The  Board  believes  that  there  are  no  material  internal  controls  deficiencies  that  may  affect  the Shareholders  and  an  effective  and  adequate  risk  management  and  internal  control  system  is  in  place to safeguard the assets of the Group. The Group will continue to enhance the system to cope with the changes in the business environment.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

The  Company  engages  an  external  service  provider  to  provide  company  secretarial  services  and  Mr. WONG Cheung Ki Johnny has been appointed as the Company Secretary. The primary contact person in the Company for Mr. Wong in relation to corporate secretarial matters is Ms. YUAN Ying, the Company's Financial Controller. Mr. WONG has duly complied with the relevant training requirement under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules for the Year.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT REMUNERATION BY BAND

The emoluments to members of senior management during the Year fell within the following bands:

| Emoluments  Number of  individuals  RMB1,000,001 to RMB2,000,000  1  RMB2,000,001 to RMB3,000,000  1  RMB4,000,001 to RMB5,000,000  1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STAFF DIVERSITY

The Group had a workforce of 4,689 employees as of 31 December 2022. Among them, approximately 43.3%  of  the  workforce  (including  senior  management)  were  female,  and  100%  of  the  Group's  senior management positions (excluding Directors) were held by female. The Group considers the total diversity (including  gender diversity)  of  the  Group  is  balanced  as  a  whole  and  intends  to  maintain  a  similar  level of  gender  diversity  of  the  overall  workforce,  and  will  continue  to  promote  diversity  through  training programs, employee networks, equitable hiring and recruitment practices.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## MECHANISM FOR ENSURING INDEPENDENT VIEWS AND INPUT

Mechanism is available for ensuring independent views and input are available to the Board. The Board currently comprises three independent non-executive Directors. They have full and timely access to the Group's information, and are entitled to seek advice from the company secretary as well as independent professional advisers at the Company's expenses in appropriate circumstances. Supported also by the Company's conflict management and other internal control measures, these independent non-executive Directors  provide  balance  in  the  Board,  bring  in  views  and  opinions  independent  of  the  executive Directors and the management, and oversee the Group's operation and corporate action. The Board and the  Nomination  Committee  review,  at  least  once  every  year,  the  Company's  governance  structure  and such  mechanism.  Periodic  review  and  evaluations  are  also  being  conducted  to  assess  the  Board  and management's performance, monitoring and enhancing the effectiveness of the Company's governance structure and mechanism.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

There  were  no  significant  changes  to  the  memorandum  of  association  of  the  Company  and  Articles of  Association  (' M&amp;A ')  during  the  Year.  In  March  2023,  the  Board  proposes  to  amend  the  M&amp;A  to, among  others,  conform,  reflect  and  align  with  the  amendments  to  the  Listing  Rules  and  laws  of  the Cayman Islands. A special resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM regarding the proposed amendments to the M&amp;A.

A copy of the M&amp;A is posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS

The Directors are aware of the importance of maintaining good relations and communications with the Shareholders.  The  Board  established  a  Shareholders'  Communication  Policy  setting  out  the  principles of  the  Company  in  relation  to  Shareholders'  communications,  with  the  objective  of  ensuring  that  its communication with the Shareholders are timely and accurate.

The Company uses a range of communication tools, such as annual general meetings, annual reports, various notices, announcements and circulars, to ensure the Shareholders are kept well informed of the Group's key business imperatives.

The Company has maintained a website at www.meidongauto.com which serves as a forum for corporate communications  with  the  Shareholders  and  the  general  public.  All  corporate  communications  required under the Listing Rules are displayed and archived since the Listing Date on the Company's website and there are established procedures to ensure timely update in compliance with the Listing Rules.

The Company holds annual general meeting (and where required, other extraordinary general meetings, at  which the Company's chief executive, representatives of the Board and Board committee, members of senior management, together with representative(s) from the Auditors will attend to answer questions from  the  Shareholders.  Separate  resolutions  are  being  purposed  regarding  different  issues  being proposed for the Shareholders' consideration at general meetings.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  notice  of  the  AGM  and  the  circular  containing  information  about  the  resolutions  to  be  proposed at  the  AGM  and  other  relevant  information  as  required  under  the  Listing  Rules  will  be  distributed  to Shareholders according to the Articles of Association of the Company and the Listing Rules.

During the Year, one general meeting (i.e. the AGM) was held, details of individual attendance of each of the Directors are as follows:

| Name of Directors  Attendance/  General meeting  eligible to attend  Executive Directors  Mr. YE Fan  (Chairman)  1/1  Mr. YE Tao  (Chief Executive Officer)  1/1  Ms. LUO Liuyu  1/1  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. CHEN Guiyi  1/1  Mr. WANG, Michael Chou  1/1  Mr. TO Siu Lun  (appointed on 30 November 2022)  N/A  Mr. JIP Ki Chi  (resigned on 30 November 2022)  1/1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Having reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of different channels of communication available to  the  Shareholders,  and  with  reference  to  the  Shareholders'  participation  and  feedbacks  in  meetings and  corporate  activities,  the  Company  considered  that  the  Shareholders'  Communication  Policy  to  be effective during the Year.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## Convening  an  Extraordinary  General  Meeting  by  Shareholders  and  Putting  Forward Proposals

Under  the  Articles  of  Association,  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  (' EGM ')  may  be  convened  by  the Board upon requisition by any one or more Shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carries the right of voting at any general meetings. The Shareholder(s) shall make a written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary at the head office of the Company in Hong  Kong,  specifying  the  shareholding  information  of  the  Shareholder(s),  his/her/their  contact  details and the proposal regarding any specifying transaction/business and its supporting documents.

If  within  21  days  of  deposit  of  such  written  requisition,  the  Board  does  not  proceed  to  convene  such EGM, the requisitionist(s) himself/herself/themselves may convene an EGM in the same manner as that in which such meeting may be convened by the Board, provided that such meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of two months from the date of deposit of such requisition.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Making Enquiries to the Board

Shareholders may send written enquiries to the board, either by post or by facsimiles, together with his/ her/its contact details, such as postal address or fax, addressing to the office of the Company at Room 2404, 24th Floor, World-Wide House, 19 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong or facsimile number (852) 2668 5798.

## Publication of ESG Report

Disclosures  relating  to  the  material  ESG  issues  identified  for  the  Year  are  included  in  the  ESG  Report pursuant to the requirements of Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules. The ESG Report is available on the Company's  website  at  https://www.meidongauto.com/  under  the  'Investor  Relations'  section;  or  the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited's website at www.hkexnews.hk.

<!-- image -->

Independent auditor's report to the shareholders of China MeiDong Auto Holdings Limited (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  China  MeiDong  Auto  Holdings  Limited  (the ' Company ')  and  its  subsidiaries  (together,  the  ' Group ')  set  out  on  pages  76  to  189,  which  comprise the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  December  2022,  the  consolidated  statement of  comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow  statement for the year then ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022  and  of  its  consolidated  financial  performance  and  its consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting Standards  (' HKFRSs ')  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (' HKICPA ') and  have  been  properly  prepared  in  compliance  with  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (' HKSAs ') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  the Group  in  accordance  with  the  HKICPA's Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants (' the  Code ') together  with  any  ethical  requirements  that  are  relevant  to  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements in the Cayman Islands, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPO

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were  addressed  in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Timing of revenue recognition

Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 107 to 108.

## The Key Audit Matter

The  Group's  revenue  principally  comprises  sales of  passenger  motor  vehicles  and  the  provision of  after-sales  services  to  a  significant  number  of individual customers.

Sales  of  passenger  motor  vehicles  are  recognised when  the  Group  satisfies  the  performance obligation  by  transferring  control  of  the  vehicle promised  in  the  contract  to  the  customer,  which is  evidenced by the customer's acceptance of the vehicle and signature on the car delivery note.

Revenue  arising  from  after-sales  services i s   recognised  when  the  Group  satisfies  its performance  obligation,  which  is  evidenced  by signed customer acceptance for after-sales service transaction.

The  Group  manually  records  revenue  according t o  car  delivery  notes  and  signed  customer acceptances.

We  identified  the  timing  of  revenue  recognition as  a  key  audit  matter  because  manual  tracking and recording processes increase the risk of error whereby  revenue  may  not  be  recognised  in  the correct financial period.

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

Our  audit  procedures  to  assess  the  accuracy of  timing  of  revenue  recognition  included  the following:

- obtaining an understanding of and assessing the  design,  implementation  and  operating effectiveness  of  management's  key  internal controls  in  relation  to  the  timing  of  revenue recognition;
- inspecting standard sales contracts for sales of passenger motor vehicles and after-sales services  to  identify  terms  and  conditions which  may  affect  revenue  recognition  and assessing  the  Group's  revenue  recognition policies  with  reference  to  the  requirements of the prevailing accounting standards;

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Timing of revenue recognition

Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 107 to 108.

| ## The Key Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit  - selecting  a  sample  of  sales  of  passenger motor  vehicles  recorded  during  the  year and  after-sales  services  rendered  during the year, plus additional samples of revenue records  for  one  month  before  and  after the  year  end  and  comparing  details  of the  selected  transactions  with  the  related sales  contracts,  car  delivery  notes  and evidence  of  signed  customer  acceptance for  passenger vehicles sales and after-sales service  transactions,  where  applicable,  to assess  whether  the  related  performance obligations  were  satisfied  and  the  revenue had  been  recognised  appropriately  in  the correct accounting period; and  - scrutinising all manual journal entries relating to  revenue  during  the  year  and  inspecting underlying documentation for journal entries which were considered to be material or met other specified risk-based criteria.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Recognition of vendor rebates

Refer to notes 6(c) and 20 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 109.

## The Key Audit Matter

The  Group  earns  vendor  rebates  under numerous  different  arrangements  with  automobile manufacturers. Rebate arrangements vary between different  automobile  manufactures  and  in  different fiscal years and principally comprise volume based purchase rebates, sales rebates for certain specific car  models,  performance  rebates  and  other specific rebates.

Volume based purchase rebates and sales rebates are  usually  granted  by  the  vendors  if  certain purchase or sales targets are met.

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

Our  audit  procedures  to  assess  the  accuracy of  recognition  of  vendor  rebates  included  the following:

- obtaining  an  understanding  of  the  design and  implementation  of  management's  key internal controls in relation to the recognition of vendor rebates;

•

Performance  rebates  are  granted  by  vendors  in accordance  with  their  comprehensive  assessment of the Group's business performance.

- assessing  the  accounting  treatment  in respect of the recognition of vendor rebates by  inspecting  the  terms  and  conditions of  vendor  rebate  arrangements  for  all automobile  manufacturers  with  reference t o t h e  r e q u i r e m e n t s   under  prevailing accounting standards;

In  addition,  other  specific  rebates  are  granted  to the  Group,  which  include,  but  are  not  limited  to regional annual awards. ·

Volume  based  purchase  rebates  are  recognised as  a  deduction  from  the  cost  of  purchase  of motor  vehicles  when  the  performance  conditions associated  with  them  are  met.  Sales  rebates, performance  rebates  and  other  specific  rebates are recognised as a deduction from costs of sales when  the  respective  conditions  associated  with them are met.

- selecting  a  sample  of  vendor  rebates recognised  and  settled  during  the  year  and comparing  the  recognised  rebate  amount with  credit  notes  issued  by  the  vendors  or bank payment slips;
- f o r   vendor  rebate  receivables  at  the reporting  date,  performing  recalculations of  the  receivable  amounts,  on  a  sample basis, based on the terms of the underlying vendor  rebate  arrangements  and  relevant inputs, including sales and purchase volume data, rebate rates and other specific criteria as  set  out  in  the  respective  vendor  rebate arrangements;

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Recognition of vendor rebates

Refer to notes 6(c) and 20 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 109.

| ## The Key Audit Matter  ## How the matter was addressed in our audit  - The Group manually calculates vendor rebates and recognises  them  when  the  associated  conditions for recognition are met. •  - We  identified  recognition  of  vendor  rebates  as  a key audit  matter  because  there  are  many  different kinds of rebate arrangements in place and because manual  calculation  of  the  Group's  entitlement to  such  rebates  increases  the  risk  that  vendor rebates could be recognised before the entitlement conditions have been met. •  - evaluating,  on  a  sample  basis,  the  above relevant  inputs  used  to  calculate  vendor rebates  by  comparing  the  inputs  with relevant underlying documentation; and  - assessing,  on  a  sample  basis,  whether vendor  rebates  accrued  at  the  previous financial  reporting  date  were  subsequently settled in the current year.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets - car dealership

Refer to note 14 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 99 to 100.

## The Key Audit Matter

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

As a result of acquisitions of 4S dealerships stores in  current  and  prior  years,  the  Group  recognised goodwill and intangible assets - car dealership in the consolidated financial statements. Goodwill has been  allocated  to  each  of  the  relevant  individual 4S  dealerships  stores,  which  are  considered to  represent  individual  cash  generating  units (' CGUs ').

Our  audit  procedures  to  assess  impairment  of goodwill  and  intangible  assets  -  car  dealership included the following:

- Obtaining  an  understanding  and  evaluating the  design  and  implementation  of  the key  internal  controls  over  the  impairment assessment;
- As  at  31  December  2022,  goodwill  and  intangible assets  -  car  dealership,  amounted  to  RMB1,004 million  (31  December  2021:  RMB178  million)  and RMB3,474  million  (31  December  2021:  RMB542 million), respectively. ·
- evaluating  the  appropriateness  of management's  identification  of  CGUs with  reference  to  the  requirements  of  the prevailing accounting standards;

The  4S  dealerships  business  in  China  operates i n  a  highly  competitive  and  regulated  market which  increases  the  risk  of  sales  volatility  of  the 4S  dealerships  stores.  Consequently,  there  are uncertainties  as  to  whether  the  acquired  4S dealerships  stores  can  meet  forecast  growth projections.

- e v a l u a t i n g t h e r e a s o n a b l e n e s s of management's  identification  of  impairment indications of goodwill and intangible assets -  car  dealership  and  determination  of recoverable amount;

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets - car dealership

Refer to note 14 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 99 to 100.

## The Key Audit Matter

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

- Management reviews internal and external sources of  information  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period to  identify  indications  that  goodwill  and  intangible assets  may  be  impaired,  and  if  such  indication ·
- assessing  the  competence,  capabilities  and objectivity  of  the  external  valuer  appointed by management;
- exists,  the  recoverable  amount  is  estimated.  As at  31  December  2022,  management  assessed goodwill  and  intangible  assets  -  car  dealership f or  potential  impairment  by  determining  the recoverable  amount  for  each  CGU  with  allocated goodwill  or  intangible  assets  -  car  dealership, with reference to a valuation report prepared by an external valuer appointed by management. ·
- with  the  assistance  of  our  internal  valuation specialists,  evaluating  the  appropriateness of  the  methodology  with  reference  to  the requirements  of  the  prevailing  accounting standards  and  assessing  whether  the discount  rate  applied  was  within  the  range adopted  by  other  companies  in  the  same industry;
- assessing  the  reasonableness  of  other assumptions adopted, including the forecast revenue,  forecast  cost  of  sales,  forecast other  operating  expenses  and  forecast working  capital  in  the  discounted  cash flow  forecast  of  each  individual  CGU,  by comparing  with  the  historical  performance and  the  financial  budget  which  was approved  by  the  directors.  For  forecast revenue  growth  trends,  we  also  compared with  the  sales  forecasts  issued  by  industry research institutions;

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets - car dealership

Refer to note 14 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on page 99 to 100.

## The Key Audit Matter

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

Management  compared  the  carrying  amount  of each  CGU  with  its  recoverable  amount,  which  is determined by assessing the value-in-use based on discounted cash flow forecasts. ·

The preparation of discounted cash flow forecasts involves  the  exercise  of  significant  management judgement,  in  particular  in  determining  forecast revenue,  forecast  cost  of  sales,  forecast  other operating  expenses  and  forecast  working  capital and discount rates.

We identified impairment of goodwill and intangible assets  -  car  dealership  as  a  key  audit  matter because  these  assets  are  material  to  the  Group and  because  the  impairment  assessments prepared  by  management  contain  certain judgements  and  assumptions  which  are  inherently uncertain  and  could  be  subject  to  management bias.

obtaining management's sensitivity analyses of  the  key  assumptions  including  future revenue  growth  rates,  future  operating margins  and  the  discount  rates  adopted in  the  discounted  cash  flow  forecasts  and assessing the impact of changes in the key assumptions  to  the  conclusions  reached  in the  impairment  assessments  and  whether there  were  any  indication  of  management bias; and

- evaluating  the  reasonableness  of  the disclosures  in  the  consolidated  financial statements  of  the  assumptions  in  the i mpairment  assessments  of  goodwill and  intangible  assets  -  car  dealership with  reference  to  the  requirements  of  the prevailing accounting standards.

## INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR'S REPORT THEREON

The  directors  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  all  the information  included  in  the  annual  report,  other  than  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

## INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR'S REPORT THEREON (continued)

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in accordance  with  HKSAs  will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exists.  Misstatements  can arise  from  fraud  or  error  and  are  considered  material  if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic  decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these consolidated financial statements.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements, including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  represent  the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

We  communicate  with  the  Audit  Committee  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the  planned  scope  and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We  also  provide  the  Audit  Committee  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical requirements  regarding  independence  and  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence  and,  where  applicable,  actions  taken  to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  Audit  Committee,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of most  significance  in  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period  and  are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in  extremely  rare  circumstances,  we  determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Chan Kim Tak.

## KPMG

Certified Public Accountants 8th Floor, Prince's Building 10 Chater Road Central, Hong Kong

30 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INC

For the year ended 31 December 2022 (Expressed in RMB'000)

| Note  2022  2021  Revenue  4  28,654,734  23,576,689  Cost of sales  (26,137,264)  (20,806,155)  Gross profit  2,517,470  2,770,534  Other revenue and other net income  5  266,816  247,004  Distribution costs  (859,912)  (741,039)  Administrative expenses  (810,730)  (578,478)  Profit from operations  1,113,644  1,698,021  Finance costs  6(a)  (275,039)  (133,277)  Share of profits of a joint venture  16  24,935  48,019  Profit before taxation  6  863,540  1,612,763  Income tax  7(a)  (307,604)  (399,423)  Profit for the year  555,936  1,213,340  Other comprehensive income for the year (after tax):  10  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:  Exchange differences on translation of financial  statements of the Company  (78,952)  -  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Exchange differences on translation of financial  statements of foreign operations  499  -  Other comprehensive income for the year  (78,453)  -  Profit and total comprehensive income for the year  477,483  1,213,340   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 December 2022 (Expressed in RMB'000)

| Note  2022  2021  Profit attributable to:  Equity shareholders of the Company  521,029  1,165,640  Non-controlling interests  34,907  47,700  Profit for the year  555,936  1,213,340  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Equity shareholders of the Company  442,576  1,165,640  Non-controlling interests  34,907  47,700  Total comprehensive income for the year  477,483  1,213,340  Earnings per share  Basic (RMB cents)  11(a)  40.93  93.62  Diluted (RMB cents)  11(b)  40.61  92.38   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 83 to 189 form part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSI

At 31 December 2022 (Expressed in RMB'000)

| Note  31 December  2022  31 December  2021  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  12  1,843,046  1,381,418  Right-of-use assets  13  1,785,399  1,568,809  Intangible assets  14  3,477,100  546,121  Interest in a joint venture  16  38,985  61,942  Other non-current assets  17  74,904  422,113  Goodwill  18  1,004,512  178,691  Deferred tax assets  28(b)  126,980  80,459  8,350,926  4,239,553  Current assets  Inventories  19  1,069,360  355,256  Trade and other receivables  20  1,560,489  1,817,159  Pledged bank deposits  21  910,307  768,964  Fixed deposits with more than three months  to maturity when placed  22  712,696  -  Cash and cash equivalents  22  1,635,625  2,621,741  5,888,477  5,563,120  Current liabilities  Loans and borrowings  23  1,413,918  989,490  Trade and other payables  24  3,192,872  2,787,598  Lease liabilities  25  165,195  132,421  Income tax payables  28(a)  101,751  179,941  4,873,736  4,089,450  Net current assets  1,014,741  1,473,670  Total assets less current liabilities  9,365,667  5,713,223   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

## At 31 December 2022 (Expressed in RMB'000)

| Note  31 December  2022  31 December  2021  Non-current liabilities  Loans and borrowings  23  492,813  299,388  Lease liabilities  25  1,290,624  1,159,972  Convertible bonds  26  2,274,932  -  Deferred tax liabilities  28(b)  873,518  137,270  4,931,887  1,596,630  NET ASSETS  4,433,780  4,116,593  EQUITY  Share capital  29(c)  101,888  99,520  Reserves  29(d)  4,173,138  3,847,104  Total equity attributable to equity shareholders  of the Company  4,275,026  3,946,624  Non-controlling interests  158,754  169,969  TOTAL EQUITY  4,433,780  4,116,593   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2023.

| Ye Fan  Ye Tao  Director  Director   |
|--------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 83 to 189 form part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQ

For the year ended 31 December 2022 (Expressed in RMB'000)

| Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company  Share  capital  Share  premium  Capital  redemption  reserve  Capital  reserves  PRC  statutory  reserves  Retained  earnings  Exchange  reserve  Other  reserve  Sub-total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (note  29(d)(i))  (note  (note29(d)(ii))  (note  (note29(d)(iii))  (note  29(d)(iv))  (note  29(d)(v))  (note  29(d)(vi))  Balance at 1 January 2022  99,520  344,554  986  (34,623)  391,041  3,145,146  -  -  3,946,624  169,969  4,116,593  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  521,029  -  -  521,029  34,907  555,936  Other comprehensive income  for the year  (note 10)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (78,453)  -  (78,453)  -  (78,453)  Total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  -  -  521,029  (78,453)  -  442,576  34,907  477,483  Capital injection by  non-controlling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  4,900  4,900  Dividends declared and paid  (note 29(a) and note 29(b))  -  (994,706)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (994,706)  -  (994,706)  Dividends paid to non-controlling  interests  (note 29(b))  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (32,783)  (32,783)  Changes in ownership interests in  subsidiaries without change in  control  -  -  -  -  -  (6,761)  -  -  (6,761)  (18,239)  (25,000)  Equity-settled share-based  payment  (note 27)  -  -  -  31,548  -  -  -  -  31,548  -  31,548  Issue of ordinary shares upon  exercise of share options  (note 27)  533  24,659  -  (6,777)  -  -  -  -  18,415  -  18,415  Issuance of new shares, net of  issuance expense  (note 29(c)(ii))  1,835  626,980  -  -  -  -  -  -  628,815  -  628,815  Equity component of convertible  bonds  (note 26)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  208,515  208,515  -  208,515  Appropriation to reserves  -  -  -  -  44,707  (44,707)  -  -  -  -  -  Balance at 31 December 2022  101,888  1,487  986  (9,852)  435,748  3,614,707  (78,453)  208,515  4,275,026  158,754  4,433,780   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 83 to 189 form part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 December 2022 (Expressed in RMB'000)

| Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company  Share capital  Share  premium  Capital  redemption  reserve  Capital  reserves  PRC  statutory  reserves  Retained  earnings  Sub-total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total equity  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (note 29(d)(i))  (note 29(d)(ii))  (note 29(d)(iii))  (note 29(d)(iv))  Balance at 1 January 2021  99,245  790,545  986  (34,657)  309,152  2,061,395  3,226,666  117,909  3,344,575  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  -  -  1,165,640  1,165,640  47,700  1,213,340  Capital injection by  non-controlling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  18,000  18,000  Appropriation to reserves  -  -  -  -  81,889  (81,889)  -  -  -  Dividends declared and paid  (note 29(a) and note 29(b))  -  (460,916)  -  -  -  -  (460,916)  -  (460,916)  Dividends paid to non-controlling  interests  (note 29(b))  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (13,640)  (13,640)  Equity settled share-based transactions  (note 27)  -  -  -  4,130  -  -  4,130  -  4,130  Issue of ordinary shares upon exercise of  share options  (note 27)  275  14,925  -  (4,096)  -  -  11,104  -  11,104  Balance at 31 December 2021  99,520  344,554  986  (34,623)  391,041  3,145,146  3,946,624  169,969  4,116,593   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 83 to 189 form part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

For the year ended 31 December 2022 (Expressed in RMB'000)

| Note  2022  2021  Operating activities:  Cash generated from operations  22(b)  1,626,012  2,189,769  Income tax paid  28(a)  (472,191)  (377,848)  Net cash generated from operating activities  1,153,821  1,811,921  Investing activities:  Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment  (283,391)  (362,858)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  157,409  148,726  Payment for acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired  (2,701,463)  (613,335)  Payment for assets acquisition, net of cash acquired  (31,000)  (268,379)  Payment for acquisition deposits  17  -  (350,000)  Increase in fixed deposits with more than three months  to maturity when placed  22(a)  (712,696)  -  Dividends received from a joint venture  16  47,892  42,425  Interest received  40,054  21,363  Others  (265)  -  Net cash used in investing activities  (3,483,460)  (1,382,058)  Financing activities:  Capital element of lease rentals paid  22(c)  (74,676)  (54,320)  Interest element of lease rentals paid  22(c)  (83,491)  (78,243)  Proceeds from loans and borrowings  22(c)  12,861,255  8,483,368  Repayment of loans and borrowings  22(c)  (13,100,444)  (8,166,627)  Decrease/(increase) in pledged bank deposits  21  18,098  (5,898)  Dividends declared and paid to equity shareholders  29(b)  (994,706)  (460,916)  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests  29(b)  (32,783)  (13,640)  Proceeds from exercise of share options  27  18,415  11,104  Net proceeds from issuance of convertible bonds  26  2,198,814  -  Interest paid  22(c)  (93,972)  (55,007)  Changes in interests in subsidiaries without change in control  (18,800)  -  Advances from a related party  -  4,685  Repayment of advances from a related party  22(c)  (3,641)  -  Proceeds from issuance of new shares,  net of issuance expense  29(c)  628,815  -  Capital injection by non-controlling interests  4,900  18,000  Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities  1,327,784  (317,494)  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (1,001,855)  112,369  Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January  22(a)  2,621,741  2,538,030  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  15,739  (28,658)  Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December  22(a)  1,635,625  2,621,741   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 83 to 189 form part of these financial statements.

China Meidong Auto Holdings Limited • Annual Report 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEME

## 1 GENERAL INFORMATION

China MeiDong Auto Holdings Limited (the ' Company ')  was  incorporated in the Cayman Islands on  24  February  2012  as  an  exempted  company  with  limited  liability  under  the  Companies  Law (2011  Revision)  (as  consolidated  and  revised)  of  the  Cayman  Islands.  Its  registered  address  is Cricket  Square,  Hutchins  Drive,  PO  Box  2681,  Grand  Cayman,  KY1-1111,  Cayman  Islands.  The Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (together,  the  ' Group ')  are  principally  engaged  in  4S  dealership business in the People's Republic of China (the ' PRC ').

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## (a) Statement of compliance

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  all  applicable  Hong Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards  (' HKFRSs '),  which  collective  term  includes  all applicable  individual  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  Hong  Kong  Accounting Standards  (' HKASs ')  and  Interpretations  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified Public Accountants (the ' HKICPA '), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and  the  requirement  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance.  These  financial  statements also  comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (' the Listing Rules ').  Significant accounting policies adopted by the Group are set out below.

The HKICPA has issued certain amendments HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(d) provides information on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.

## (b) Basis of preparation of the financial statements

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries and the Group's interests in a joint venture.

The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis.

These  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Renminbi  (' RMB ')  which  is  the Group's presentation currency, rounded to the nearest thousands, except for earnings per share information.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (b) Basis of preparation of the financial statements (continued)

The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  HKFRSs  requires  management to  make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  ongoing  basis.  Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision  affects  only  that  period,  or  in  the  period  of  the  revision  and  future  periods  if  the revision affects both current and future periods.

Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on  the  financial  statements  and  major  sources  of  estimation  uncertainty  are  discussed  in note 3.

## (c) Change in functional currency of the Company

In  prior  years  based  on  the  primary  source  of  income  from  the  China  mainland,  the  board of  directors  regarded  RMB  as  the  functional  currency  of  the  Company.  From  2022, the  Company  has  had  more  financing  activities  in  Hong  Kong  capital  market,  such  as issuing  bonds  and  placing  shares  which  led  to  substantial  increase  in  the  amount  of  HK$ denominated transactions while the economic source of dividend revenues is not a key factor in  determining  the  functional  currency  of  the  Company  which  is  not  merely  an  investment holding  entity.  Considering  the  above  reasons,  the  board  of  directors  have  determined  to change  the  functional  currency  of  the  Company  from  RMB  to  HK$  from  1  January  2022 accordingly, while the presentation currency of the Company remains unchanged as RMB.

The change in functional currency of the Company was applied prospectively from the date of change in accordance with HKAS 21 ' The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates '.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (c) Change in functional currency of the Company (continued)

At  the  date  of  the  change,  the  financial  position  is  translated  from  RMB  into  the  new functional  currency  (HK$)  using  the  prevailing  exchange  rate  at  that  date.  From  1  January 2022,  the  Company's  financial  statements  are  prepared  with  any  non-HK$  transactions translated following the requirements of foreign currency transactions. All resulting exchange differences  arising  from  the  translation  from  functional  currency  to  a  different  presentation currency of the Company were recognised in other comprehensive income.

## (d) Changes in accounting policies

The  Group  has  applied  following  amendments  to  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  to  these financial statements for the current accounting period:

- Amendment to HKAS 16, Property,  plant  and  equipment:  Proceeds  before  intended use
- Amendments  to  HKAS37, Provisions,  contingent  liabilities  and  contingent  assets: Onerous contracts - cost of fulfilling a contract

None  of  these  amendments  have  had  a  material  effect  on  how  the  Group's  results  and financial  position  for  the  current  or  prior  periods  have  been  prepared  or  presented.  The Group  has  not  applied  any  new  standard  or  interpretation  that  is  not  yet  effective  for  the current accounting period.

## (e) Business combination

The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when control is  transferred  to  the  Group  (see  note  2(f)).  The  consideration  transferred  in  the  acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment. Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised in profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or equity securities.

The  consideration  transferred  does  not  include  amounts  related  to  the  settlement  of  preexisting relationships. Such amounts generally are recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (e) Business combination (continued)

Any  contingent  consideration  is  measured  at  fair  value  at  the  date  of  acquisition.  If  an obligation to pay contingent consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument is  classified  as  equity,  then  it  is  not  remeasured  and  settlement  is  accounted  for  within equity.  Otherwise,  other  contingent  consideration  is  remeasured  at  fair  value  at  each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognised in profit or loss.

## (f) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

Subsidiaries  are  entities  controlled  by  the  Group.  The  Group  controls  an  entity  when  it  is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability  to  affect  those  returns  through  its  power  over  the  entity.  When  assessing  whether the  Group  has  power,  only  substantive  rights  (held  by  the  Group  and  other  parties)  are considered.

An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the  date  that  control  commences  until  the  date  that  control  ceases.  Intra-group  balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are  eliminated  in  full  in  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  Unrealised  losses resulting  from  intra-group  transactions  are  eliminated  in  the  same  way  as  unrealised  gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

Non-controlling  interests  represent  the  equity  in  a  subsidiary  not  attributable  directly  or indirectly to the Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests  either  at  fair  value  or  at  the  non-controlling  interests'  proportionate  share  of  the subsidiary's net identifiable assets.

Non-controlling  interests  are  presented  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholder of the Company. Non-controlling  interests  in  the  results  of  the  Group  are  presented  on  the  face  of  the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and  total  comprehensive  income  for  the  year  between  non-controlling  interests  and  the equity shareholder of the Company.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (f) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests (continued)

Changes in the Group's interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted  for  as  equity  transactions,  whereby  adjustments  are  made  to  the  amounts  of controlling  and  non-controlling  interests  within  consolidated  equity  to  reflect  the  change  in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture (see note 2(g)).

In  the  Company's  statement  of  finance  position,  an  investment  in  a  subsidiary  is  stated  at cost less impairment losses (see note 2(l)(iii)).

## (g) Associates and joint ventures

An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control  or  joint  control,  over  its  management,  including  participation  in  the  financial  and operating policy decisions.

A  joint  venture  is  an  arrangement  whereby  the  Group  or  Company  and  other  parties contractually agree to share control of the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (g) Associates and joint ventures (continued)

An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements  under  the  equity  method.  Under  the  equity  method,  the  investment  is  initially recorded  at  cost,  adjusted  for  any  excess  of  the  Group's  share  of  the  acquisition-date fair  values  of  the  investee's  identifiable  net  assets  over  the  cost  of  the  investment  (if  any). The cost of the investment includes purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition  of  the  investment,  and  any  direct  investment  into  the  associate  or  joint  venture that  forms  part  of  the  Group's  equity  investment.  Thereafter,  the  investment  is  adjusted for  the  post  acquisition  change  in  the  Group's  share  of  the  investee's  net  assets  and  any impairment  loss  relating  to  the  investment  (see  notes  2(l)(iii)).  At  each  reporting  date,  the group  assesses  whether  there  is  any  objective  evidence  that  the  investment  is  impaired. Any  acquisition-date  excess  over  cost,  the  Group's  share  of  the  post-acquisition,  posttax  results  of  the  investees  and  any  impairment  losses  for  the  year  are  recognised  in  the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, whereas the Group's share of the postacquisition post-tax items of the investees' other comprehensive income is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

When the Group's share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group's interest is reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on  behalf  of  the  investee.  For  this  purpose,  the  Group's  interest  is  the  carrying  amount  of the investment under the equity method together with any other long-term interests that in substance form part of the Group's net investment in the associate or the joint venture (after applying the ECL model to such other long-term interests where applicable (see note 2(l)(i)).

Unrealised  profits  and  losses  resulting  from  transactions  between  the  Group  and  its associate  and  joint  venture  are  eliminated  to  the  extent  of  the  Group's  interest  in  the investee,  except  where  unrealised  losses  provide  evidence  of  an  impairment  of  the  asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

If  an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is  not  remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (g) Associates and joint ventures (continued)

In  all  other  cases,  when  the  Group  ceases  to  have  significant  influence  over  an  associate or  joint  control  over  a  joint  venture,  it  is  accounted  for  as  a  disposal  of  the  entire  interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset.

## (h) Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of

- (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any noncontrolling  interest  in  the  acquiree  and  the  fair  value  of  the  group's  previously  held equity interest in the acquiree; over
- (ii) the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

Goodwill  is  started  at  cost  less  accumulated  impairment  losses.  Goodwill  arising  on  a business combination is allocated to each cash-generating unit, or groups of cash generating units, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination and is tested annually for impairment (see note 2(l)(iii)).

On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (i) Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(l)(iii)).

The  cost  of  self-constructed  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  includes  the  cost  of materials, direct labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing  the  items  and  restoring  the  site  on  which  they  are  located,  and  an  appropriate proportion of production overheads and borrowing costs (see note 2(z)).

Gains  or  losses  arising  from  the  retirement  or  disposal  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and equipment  are  determined  as  the  difference  between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the carrying amount of the item and are recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

Depreciation  is  calculated  to  write  off  the  cost  of  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment, less their estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:

| - Buildings  10 - 40 years  - Leasehold improvements  over the shorter of the unexpired term of the  lease and the estimated useful lives  - Plant and machinery  5 - 10 years  - Passenger vehicles  1 - 5 years  - Office equipment and furniture  3 - 5 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Where  parts  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  have  different  useful  lives,  the cost  of  the  item  is  allocated  on  a  reasonable  basis  between  the  parts  and  each  part  is depreciated  separately.  Both  the  useful  life  of  an  asset  and  its  residual  value,  if  any,  are reviewed annually.

Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction and equipment pending installation, and is stated at cost less impairment losses (see note 2(l)(iii)). Capitalisation  of  construction  in  progress  costs  ceases  and  the  construction  in  progress  is transferred to property, plant and equipment when substantially all of the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (i) Property, plant and equipment (continued)

No  depreciation  is  provided  in  respect  of  construction  in  progress  until  it  is  substantially completed and ready for its intended use.

## (j) Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

Intangible  assets  that  are  acquired  by  the  Group  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see note 2(l)(iii)).

Amortisation  of  intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  is  charged  to  profit  or  loss  on  a straight-line  basis  over  the  assets'  estimated  useful  lives.  Car  dealership  is  amortised  from the date of acquisition over its estimated useful life of 20 years. Software is amortised from the date it is available for use over its estimated useful life of 2-10 years. Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed annually.

## (k) Right-of-use assets

At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A  contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease  if  the  contract  conveys  the  right  to  control  the  use  of an  identified  asset  for  a  period  of  time  in  exchange  for  consideration.  Control  is  conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

## (i) As a lessee

Where  the  contract  contains  lease  component(s)  and  non-lease  component(s),  the Group has elected not to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases.

At  the  lease  commencement  date,  the  Group  recognises  a  right-of-use  asset  and a  lease  liability,  except  for  short-term  leases  that  have  a  lease  term  of  12  months or  less  and  leases  of  low-value  assets  which,  for  the  Group  are  primarily  temporary exhibition halls, parking lots and staff dormitories. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (k) Right-of-use assets (continued)

## (i) As a lessee (continued)

Where the lease  is  capitalised,  the  lease  liability  is  initially  recognised  at  the  present value of the lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental  borrowing  rate.  After  initial  recognition,  the  lease  liability  is  measured  at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method. Variable  lease  payments  that  do  not  depend  on  an  index  or  rate  are  not  included  in the  measurement of the lease liability  and  hence  are  charged  to  profit  or  loss  in  the accounting period in which they are incurred.

The right-of-use  asset  recognised  when  a  lease  is  capitalised  is  initially  measured  at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date,  and  any  initial  direct  costs  incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received.  The  right-of-use  asset  is  subsequently  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(l)(iii)). Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the unexpired term of lease.

The  lease  liability  is  remeasured  when  there  is  a  change  in  future  lease  payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group's estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to  exercise  a  purchase,  extension  or  termination  option.  When  the  lease  liability  is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (' lease modification ') that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a  revised  discount  rate  at  the  effective  date  of  the  modification.  The  only  exceptions are  any  rent  concessions  that  occurred  as  a  direct  consequence  of  the  COVID-19 pandemic and met the conditions set out in paragraph 46B of HKFRS 16 Leases. In such cases, the Group has taken advantage of the practical expedient not to assess whether  the  rent  concessions  are  lease  modifications  and  recognised  the  change  in consideration  as  negative  variable  lease  payments  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in which the event or condition that triggers the rent concessions occurred.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (k) Right-of-use assets (continued)

## (i) As a lessee (continued)

In  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position,  the  current  portion  of  long-term lease liabilities is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period.

The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property  in  'right-of-use  assets'  and  presents  lease  liabilities  separately  in  the statement  of  financial  position.  In  addition,  lease  prepayments  carried  at  amortised cost are reclassified as right-of-use assets.

## (l) Credit losses and impairment of assets

## (i) Credit losses from financial instruments

The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) on financial assets  measured  at  amortised  cost  (including  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  pledged bank deposits and trade and other receivables).

## Measurement of ECLs

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as  the  present  value  of  all  expected  cash  shortfalls  (i.e.  the  difference  between  the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

The  expected  cash  shortfalls  are  discounted  using  the  effective  interest  rate determined  at  initial  recognition  or  an  approximation  thereof  where  the  effect  of discounting is material.

The  maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

In  measuring  ECLs,  the  Group  takes  into  account  reasonable  and  supportable information  that  is  available  without  undue  cost  or  effort.  This  includes  information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (l) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

## (i) Credit losses from financial instruments (continued)

Measurement of ECLs (continued)

ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

- -12-month  ECLs:  these  are  losses  that  are  expected  to  result  from  possible default events within the 12 months after the reporting date; and
- -lifetime  ECLs:  these  are  losses  that  are  expected  to  result  from  all  possible default  events  over  the  expected  lives  of  the  items  to  which  the  ECL  model applies.

Loss  allowances  for  trade  receivables  are  always  measured  at  an  amount  equal  to lifetime  ECLs.  ECLs  on  these  financial  assets  are  estimated  using  a  provision  matrix based  on  the  Group's  historical  credit  loss  experience,  adjusted  for  factors  that  are specific  to  the  debtors  and  an  assessment  of  both  the  current  and  forecast  general economic conditions at the reporting date.

For  all  other  financial  instruments,  the  Group  recognises  a  loss  allowance  equal  to 12-month  ECLs  unless  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  of  the financial  instrument  since  initial  recognition,  in  which  case  the  loss  allowance  is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

## Significant increases in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since  initial  recognition,  the  Group  compares  the  risk  of  default  occurring  on  the financial  instrument assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial  recognition.  In  making  this  reassessment,  the  Group  considers  that  a  default event  occurs  when  (i)  the  borrower  is  unlikely  to  pay  its  credit  obligations  to  the Group in  full,  without  recourse  by  the  Group  to  actions  such  as  realising  security  (if any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is 90 days past due. The Group considers both quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and  supportable,  including historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without  undue cost or effort.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (l) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

## (i) Credit losses from financial instruments (continued)

Significant increases in credit risk (continued)

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition:

- -failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;
- -an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument's external or internal credit rating (if available);
- -an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  operating  results  of  the debtor; and
- -existing  or  forecast  changes  in  the  technological,  market,  economic  or  legal environment that have a significant adverse effect on the debtor's ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When  the  assessment  is  performed  on  a  collective  basis,  the  financial  instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

ECLs  are  remeasured  at  each  reporting  date  to  reflect  changes  in  the  financial instrument's  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition.  Any  change  in  the  ECL  amount  is recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (l) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

## (i) Credit losses from financial instruments (continued)

## Basis of calculation of interest income

Interest  income recognised in accordance with note 2(w)(ii)(a) is calculated based on the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset  unless  the  financial  asset  is  creditimpaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset.

At  each  reporting  date,  the  Group  assesses  whether  a  financial  asset  is  creditimpaired.  A  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  that  have  a detrimental  impact  on  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  of  the  financial  asset  have occurred.

Evidence  that  a  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  includes  the  following  observable events:

- -significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
- -a  breach  of  contract,  such  as  a  default  or  delinquency  in  interest  or  principal payments;
- -it  becoming  probable  that  the  borrower  will  enter  into  bankruptcy  or  other financial reorganisation;
- -significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an adverse effect on the debtor; or
- -the  disappearance  of  an  active  market  for  a  security  because  of  financial difficulties of the issuer.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (l) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

## (i) Credit losses from financial instruments (continued)

## Write-off policy

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in  full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when  the  Group  determines  that  the  debtor  does  not  have  assets  or  sources  of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

## (ii) Credit losses from financial guarantees issued

Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the ' holder ')  for  a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

Financial  guarantees  issued  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value,  which  is  determined by reference to fees charged in an arm's length transaction for similar services, when such information is obtainable, or to interest rate differentials, by comparing the actual rates  charged  by  lenders  when  the  guarantee  is  made  available  with  the  estimated rates that lenders would have charged, had the guarantees not been available, where reliable  estimates  of  such  information  can  be  made.  Where  consideration  is  received or  receivable  for  the  issuance  of  the  guarantee,  the  consideration  is  recognised  in accordance with the Group's policies applicable to that category of asset. Where no such consideration  is  received  or  receivable,  an  immediate  expense  is  recognised  in profit or loss.

Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  the  amount  initially  recognised  as  deferred  income is  amortised in profit or loss over the term of the guarantee as income from financial guarantees issued.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (l) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

## (ii) Credit losses from financial guarantees issued (continued)

The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract and recognises  a  provision  when  ECLs  on  the  financial  guarantees  are  determined  to  be higher than the carrying amount in respect of the guarantees (i.e. the amount initially recognised, less accumulated amortisation).

To determine ECLs, the Group considers changes in the risk of default of the specified debtor since the issuance of the guarantee. A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that the specified debtor will default has increased significantly since the guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL is measured. The same definition of default and the  same  assessment  of  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  as  described  in  note  2(l)(i) apply.

As  the  Group  is  required  to  make  payments  only  in  the  event  of  a  default  by  the specified debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is estimated based on the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amount that the Group expects to receive from the holder of the guarantee, the specified debtor or any other party. The amount is then discounted using the current risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash flows.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (l) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

## (iii) Impairment of other non-current assets

Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period  to  identify  indications  that  the  following  assets  may  be  impaired  or,  except  in the case of goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

- -property, plant and equipment;
- -right-of-use assets, including lease prepayments;
- -intangible assets;
- -goodwill;
- -investment in a joint venture; and
- -investments in a subsidiary in the Company's statement of financial position.

If any such indication exists, the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, the recoverable amount is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of impairment.

## -Calculation of recoverable amount

The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of  money  and  the  risks specific  to  the  asset.  Where  an  asset  does  not  generate  cash  inflows  largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for  the  smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit). A portion of the carrying amount of a corporate assets (for  example,  head  office  building)  is  allocated  to  an  individual  cash-generating unit if the allocation can be done on a reasonable and consistent basis, or to the smallest group of cash-generating units if otherwise.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (l) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)

## (iii) Impairment of other non-current assets (continued)

## -Recognition of impairment losses

An impairment loss is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  if  the  carrying  amount  of  an asset, or the cash-generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount.  Impairment  losses  recognised  in  respect  of  cash-generating  units  are allocated  first  to  reduce  the  carrying  amount  of  any  goodwill  allocated  to  the cash- generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).

## -Reversals of impairment losses

In  respect  of  assets  other  than  goodwill,  an  impairment  loss  is  reversed  if there  has  been  a  favourable  change  in  the  estimates  used  to  determine  the recoverable amount. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

A  reversal  of  an  impairment  loss  is  limited  to  the  asset's  carrying  amount  that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.

## (iv) Interim financial reporting and impairment

Under  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  the  Stock  Exchange  of Hong  Kong  Limited,  the  Group  is  required  to  prepare  an  interim  financial  report  in compliance with HKAS 34, Interim financial reporting , in respect of the first six months of  the  financial  year.  At  the  end  of  the  interim  period,  the  Group  applies  the  same impairment  testing,  recognition,  and  reversal  criteria  as  it  would  at  the  end  of  the financial year (see notes 2(l)(i) and (ii)).

Impairment  losses  recognised  in  an  interim  period  in  respect  of  goodwill  are  not reversed  in  a  subsequent  period.  This  is  the  case  even  if  no  loss,  or  a  smaller  loss, would have been recognised had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which the interim period relates.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (m) Inventories

Inventories  are  assets  which  are  held  for  sale  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  or  in  the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the rendering of services.

Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

Cost  is  calculated  on  specific  identification  or  weighted  average  basis  as  appropriate  and comprises all costs of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

When  inventories  are  sold,  the  carrying  amount  of  those  inventories  is  recognised  as  an expense in the period in which the related revenue is recognised.

The  amount  of  any  write-down  of  inventories  to  net  realisable  value  and  all  losses  of inventories are recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.

## (n) Contract liabilities

A  contract  liability  is  recognised  when  the  customer  pays  non-refundable  consideration before  the  Group  recognises  the  related  revenue  (see  note  2(w)).  A  contract  liability  would also  be  recognised  if  the  Group  has  an  unconditional  right  to  receive  non-refundable consideration  before  the  Group  recognises  the  related  revenue.  In  such  cases,  a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 2(o)).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (o) Trade and other receivables

A  receivable  is  recognised  when  the  Group  has  an  unconditional  right  to  receive consideration. A right to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

Trade  receivables  that  do  not  contain  a  significant  financing  component  are  initially measured  at  their  transaction  price.  Trade  receivables  that  contain  a  significant  financing component and other receivables are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised cost, using the effective interest method and including an allowance for credit losses (see note 2(l)(i)).

## (p) Interest-bearing borrowings

Interest-bearing  borrowings  are  measured  initially  at  fair  value  less  transaction  costs. Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  interest-bearing  borrowings  are  stated  at  amortised  cost using  the  effective  interest  method.  Interest  expense  is  recognised  in  accordance  with  the Group's accounting policy for borrowing costs (see note 2(z)).

## (q) Trade and other payables

Trade  and  other  payables  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value.  Subsequent  to  initial recognition,  trade  and  other  payables  are  stated  at  amortised  cost  unless  the  effect  of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amount.

## (r) Convertible bonds

Convertible  bonds  that  can  be  converted  into  ordinary  shares  at  the  option  of  the  holder, where  a  fixed  number  of  shares  are  issued  for  a  fixed  amount  of  cash  or  other  financial assets,  are  accounted  for  as  compound  financial  instruments,  i.e.,  they  contain  both  a liability component and an equity component.

At initial recognition, the liability component is measured at fair value using prevailing market rate of interest for similar non-convertible debt instruments. The remainder of the proceeds is allocated to the conversion option as the equity component.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (r) Convertible bonds (continued)

Transaction  costs  associated  with  the  issuance  of  the  convertible  bonds  are  allocated  to the  liability  and  equity  components  in  proportion  to  the  allocation  of  proceeds.  The  liability component is subsequently carried at amortised cost calculated using the effective interest method.  The  equity  component  is  recognised  in  other  reserve  until  either  the  convertible bonds are converted or redeemed.

If  the  bonds  are  converted,  the  other  reserve,  together  with  the  carrying  amount  of  the liability  component  at  the  time  of  conversion,  is  transferred  to  share  capital  and  share premium as consideration for the shares issued.

## (s) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash  and  cash  equivalents  comprise  cash  at  bank  and  on  hand,  demand  deposits  with banks and other financial institutions and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible  into  known  amounts  of  cash  and  which  are  subject  to  an  insignificant  risk  of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that  are  repayable  on  demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management are  also  included  as  a  component  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents  for  the  purpose  of  the consolidated  cash  flow  statement.  Cash  and  cash  equivalents  are  assessed  for  expected credit losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(l)(i).

## (t) Employee benefits

## (i) Short-term employee benefits

Salaries and annual bonuses are accrued in the year in which the associated services are  rendered  by  employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.

## (ii) Defined contribution retirement plan

Contributions  to  PRC  local  retirement  schemes  pursuant  to  the  relevant  labour  rules and regulations in the PRC are recognised as an expense in profit or loss as incurred.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (t) Employee benefits (continued)

## (iii) Share-based payments

The  fair  value  of  share  options  granted  to  employees  is  recognised  as  an  employee cost  with  a  corresponding  increase  in  capital  reserve  within  equity.  The  fair  value  is measured at grant date using the binomial option-pricing model, taking into account the terms and condition upon which the options were granted. Where the employees have  to  meet  vesting  conditions  before  becoming  unconditionally  entitled  to  the options, the total estimated fair value of the options is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the options will vest.

During  the  vesting  period,  the  number  of  share  options  that  is  expected  to  vest  is reviewed.  Any  resulting  adjustment  to  the  cumulative  fair  value  recognised  in  prior years  is  charged/credited  to  the  profit  or  loss  for  the  year  of  the  review,  unless  the original  employee expenses qualify for recognition as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment  to  the  capital  reserve.  On  vesting  date,  the  amount  recognised  as an  expense  is  adjusted  to  reflect  the  actual  number  of  options  that  vest  (with  a corresponding  adjustment  to  the  capital  reserve)  except  where  forfeiture  is  only  due to  not  achieving  vesting  conditions  that  relate  to  the  market  price  of  the  Company's shares. The equity amount is recognised in the capital reserve until either the option is exercised (when it is included in the amount recognised in share capital for the shares issued) or the option expires (when it is released directly to retained profits).

## (u) Income tax

Income tax  for  the  year  comprises  current  tax  and  movements  in  deferred  tax  assets  and liabilities. Current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income  or  directly  in  equity,  in  which  case  the  relevant  amounts  of  tax  are  recognised  in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (u) Income tax (continued)

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  arise  from  deductible  and  taxable  temporary  differences respectively, being the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

Apart  from  certain  limited  exceptions,  all  deferred  tax  liabilities,  and  all  deferred  tax  assets to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of  deferred  tax  assets  arising  from  deductible  temporary  differences  include  those  that  will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate  to  the  same  taxation  authority  and  the  same  taxable  entity,  and  are  expected  to reverse  either  in  the  same  period  as  the  expected  reversal  of  the  deductible  temporary difference  or  in  periods  into  which  a  tax  loss  arising  from  the  deferred  tax  asset  can  be carried  back  or  forward.  The  same  criteria  are  adopted  when  determining  whether  existing taxable  temporary  differences  support  the  recognition  of  deferred  tax  assets  arising  from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

The  limited  exceptions  to  recognition  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  those temporary  differences  arising  from  goodwill  not  deductible  for  tax  purposes,  the  initial recognition  of  assets  or  liabilities  that  affect  neither  accounting  nor  taxable  profit  (provided they  are  not  part  of  a  business  combination),  and  temporary  differences  relating  to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.

The  amount  of  deferred  tax  recognised  is  measured  based  on  the  expected  manner  of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (u) Income tax (continued)

The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the related dividends is recognised.

Current  tax  balances  and  deferred  tax  balances,  and  movements  therein,  are  presented separately from each other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax  liabilities,  and  deferred  tax  assets  against  deferred  tax  liabilities,  if  the  Group  has  the legally  enforceable  right  to  set  off  current  tax  assets  against  current  tax  liabilities  and  the following additional conditions are met:

- -in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or
- -in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either:
- -the same taxable entity; or
- -different  taxable  entities,  which,  in  each  future  period  in  which  significant amounts  of  deferred  tax  liabilities  or  assets  are  expected  to  be  settled  or recovered,  intend  to  realise  the  current  tax  assets  and  settle  the  current  tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

## (v) Provisions and contingent liabilities

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (v) Provisions and contingent liabilities (continued)

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

Where  some  or  all  of  the  expenditure  required  to  settle  a  provision  is  expected  to  be reimbursed by another party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually certain. The amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.

## (w) Revenue and other income

Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods or the provision of services in the ordinary course of the Group's business.

Further details of the Group's revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

## (i) Revenue from contracts with customers

The  Group  is  the  principal  for  its  revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  and recognises  revenue  on  a  gross  basis.  In  determine  whether  the  Group  acts  as  a principal  or  as  an  agent,  it  considers  whether  it  obtains  control  of  the  products  or services before they are transferred to the customers. Controls refers to the Group's ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the products or services.

Revenue  is  recognised  when  control  over  a  product  or  service  is  transferred  to  the customer at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added tax or other sales taxes.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (w) Revenue and other income (continued)

## (i) Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

## (a) Sale of goods

Revenue arising from the sale of goods is recognised when the Group satisfies the  performance  obligation  by  transferring  control  of  the  goods  promised  in the  contract  to  the  customer.  Revenue  excludes  value  added  tax  and  is  after deduction of any trade discounts.

## (b) Services income

Revenue  arising  from  services  is  recognised  when  the  relevant  performance obligation is satisfied.

## (ii) Revenue from other sources and other income

## (a) Interest income

Interest income is recognised as it accrues under the effective interest method using the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.  For  financial  assets  measured  at  amortised  cost  that  are  not  creditimpaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset.

## (b) Commission income

Commission income is recognised at point in time when the services have been rendered.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (x) Vendor rebates

Incentive  rebates  provided  by  vendors  are  recognised  on  an  accrual  basis  based  on  the expected  entitlement  earned  up  to  the  reporting  date  pursuant  to  each  relevant  supplier contract.

Incentive rebates relating to vehicles purchased and sold are deducted from cost of sales, while  incentive  rebates  relating  to  vehicle  purchased  but  still  held  as  inventories  at  the reporting  date  are  deducted  from  the  carrying  value  of  such  vehicles  so  that  the  cost  of inventories is recorded net of applicable rebates.

## (y) Translation of foreign currencies

Foreign  currency  transactions  during  the  year  are  translated  at  the  foreign  exchange  rates ruling  at  the  transaction  dates.  Monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign currencies  are  translated  at  the  foreign  exchange  rates  ruling  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss, except those arising from foreign currency borrowings used to hedge a net investment in a foreign operation which are recognised in other comprehensive income.

Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The transaction  date  is  the  date  on  which  the  Company  initially  recognises  such  non-monetary assets  or  liabilities.  Non-monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign  currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

The  results  of  foreign  operations  are  translated  into  RMB  at  the  exchange  rates approximating the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of  financial  position  items  are  translated  into  RMB  at  the  closing  foreign  exchange  rates  at the statement of financial position date. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve.

On  disposal  of  a  foreign  operation,  the  cumulative  amount  of  the  exchange  differences relating to that foreign operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (z) Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

The capitalisation  of  borrowing  costs  as  part  of  the  cost  of  a  qualifying  asset  commences when  expenditure  for  the  asset  is  being  incurred,  borrowing  costs  are  being  incurred  and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary  to  prepare  the  qualifying  asset  for  its  intended  use  or  sale  are  interrupted  or complete.

## (aa)  Asset acquisition

Groups  of  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  are  assessed  to  determine  if  they  are business or asset acquisitions. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the group chooses to apply a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is an asset rather than business acquisition, when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.

When a group of assets acquired and liabilities assumed do not constitute a business, the overall  acquisition  cost  is  allocated  to  the  individual  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  based on their relative fair  values  at  the  date  of  acquisition.  An  exception  is  when  the  sum  of  the individual  fair  value  of  the  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  initially  measured  at  an amount other than cost in accordance with the group's policies are measured accordingly, and the residual acquisition cost is allocated to the remaining identifiable assets and liabilities based on their relative fair values at the date of acquisition.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (bb)  Related parties

## (a) A person, or a close member of that person's family, is related to the Group if that person:

- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is  a  member  of  the  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group  or  the  Group's parent.

## (b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

- (i) The entity  and  the  Group  are  members  of  the  same  Group  (which  means  that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
- (ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a Group of which the other entity is a member).
- (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
- (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
- (v) The  entity  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  for  the  benefit  of  employees  of either the Group or an entity related to the Group.
- (vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
- (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
- (viii) The  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  Group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key management personnel services to the Group or to the Group's parent.

Close  members  of  the  family  of  a  person  are  those  family  members  who  may  be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## (cc)  Segment reporting

Operating  segments,  and  the  amounts  of  each  segment  item  reported  in  the  financial statements,  are  identified  from  the  financial  information  provided  regularly  to  the  Group's most  senior  executive  management  for  the  purposes  of  allocating  resources  to,  and assessing  the  performance  of,  the  Group's  various  lines  of  business  and  geographical locations.

Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature  of  products  and  services,  the  nature  of  production  processes,  the  type  or  class  of customers,  the  methods  used  to  distribute  the  products  or  provide  the  services,  and  the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

## 3 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES

## (a) Critical accounting judgements in applying the Group's accounting policies

In  the  process  of  applying  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  management  has  made  the following accounting judgement:

## (i) Recognition of income taxes and deferred tax assets

Determining  income  tax  provision  involves  judgment  on  the  future  tax  treatment  of certain  transactions.  Management  evaluates  tax  implications  of  transactions  and tax  provisions  are  set  up  accordingly.  The  tax  treatments  of  such  transactions  are reconsidered periodically  to  take  into  account  all  changes  in  tax  legislation.  Deferred tax  assets  are  recognised  in  respect  of  deductible  temporary  differences.  As  those deferred tax assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable  profits  will  be  available  against  which  the  deductible  temporary  differences can be utilised, management's judgment is required to assess the probability of future taxable  profits.  Management's  assessment  is  revised  as  necessary  and  additional deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  if  it  becomes  probable  that  future  taxable  profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

## 3 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES (continued)

## (b) Sources of estimation uncertainty

Key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:

## (i) Depreciation and amortisation

As described in note 2(i), property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straightline  basis  over  the  estimated  useful  lives  of  the  assets,  after  taking  into  account  the estimated residual value. As described in note 2(j), intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives. Management reviews annually the useful lives of the assets and residual values, if any, in order to determine the amount of depreciation and amortisation expenses to be recorded during any reporting period. The  useful  lives  and  residual  values  are  based  on  the  Group's  historical  experience with  similar  assets  and  taking  into  account  anticipated  technological  and  other changes. The depreciation and amortisation expenses for future periods are adjusted if there are significant changes from previous estimates.

## (ii) Net realisable value of inventories

As described in note 2(m), net realisable  value  of  inventories  is  the  estimated  selling price in  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  less  estimated  distribution  expenses.  These estimates  are  based  on  the  current  market  condition  and  historical  experience  of selling products of similar nature. It could change significantly as a result of competitor actions in response to changes in market conditions.

Management  reassesses  these  estimations  at  the  end  of  reporting  period  to  ensure inventory is shown at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES (continued)

## (b) Sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

## (iii) Determining the lease term

As explained in policy note 2(k), the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value  of  the  lease  payments  payable  over  the  lease  term.  In  determining  the  lease term  at  the  commencement  date  for  leases  that  include  early  termination  options exercisable  by  the  Group,  the  Group  evaluates  the  likelihood  of  exercising  the termination options taking into account all relevant facts and circumstances that create an  economic  incentive  for  the  Group  not  to  exercise  the  option,  including  leasehold improvements undertaken and the importance of that underlying asset to the Group's operation. The lease term is reassessed when there is a significant event or significant change in circumstance that is within the Group's control. Any increase or decrease in  the  lease  term  would  affect  the  amount  of  lease  liabilities  and  right-of-use  assets recognised in future years.

## (iv) Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets - car dealership

The  Group  determines  whether  goodwill  and  intangible  assets  acquired  through business  combinations  are  impaired  requires  an  estimation  of  the  value  in  use  of the  cash  generating  units  (i.e.  entities  acquired  by  the  Group)  to  which  the  relevant goodwill and intangible assets have been allocated. An impairment loss is recognised in  profit  or  loss  if  the  carrying  amount  of  the  goodwill  and  intangible  assets,  or  the cash-generating units to which they belong, exceeds their recoverable amount. Details of the recoverable amount calculations are disclosed in notes 14 and 18.

## 4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

## (a) Revenue

## (i) Disaggregation of revenue

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue from contracts with customers within the  scope of HKFRS 15  Disaggregated by major products or service lines  - Sales of passenger vehicles  25,297,011  20,829,418  - After-sales services  3,357,723  2,747,271  28,654,734  23,576,689   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All revenue was recognised at a point in time.

## (ii) Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers in existence at the reporting date

As at 31 December 2022, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations under the Group's existing contracts for aftersales services is RMB401,776,000 (2021: RMB299,269,000). This amount represents revenue  expected  to  be  recognised  in  the  future  from  pre-completion  contracts  for after-sales  services  entered  into  by  the  customers  with  the  Group.  The  Group  will recognise  the  expected  revenue  in  future  when  the  Group  satisfied  its  performance obligation, which is expected to occur over the next 12 to 36 months (2021: next 12 to 36 months).

The  Group  has  applied  the  practical  expedient  in  paragraph  121  of  HKFRS  15  to its  sales  contracts  for  passenger  vehicles  such  that  the  above  information  does  not include  information  about  revenue  that  the  Group  will  be  entitled  to  when  it  satisfies the  remaining  performance  obligations  under  the  contracts  for  sales  of  passenger vehicles that had an original expected duration of one year or less.

## 4 REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)

## (b) Segment reporting

HKFRS 8, Operating Segments ,  requires  identification  and  disclosure of operating segment information  based  on  internal  financial  reports  that  are  regularly  reviewed  by  the  Group's chief  operating  decision  maker  for  the  purpose  of  resources  allocation  and  performance assessment. On this basis, the Group has determined that it only has one operating segment which is the sales of passenger vehicles and provision of after-sales services.

## (i) Information about geographical area

All  of  the  Group's  revenue  is  derived  from  the  sales  of  passenger  vehicles  and provision of after-sales services in mainland China and the principal non-current assets employed  by  the  Group  are  located  in  mainland  China.  Accordingly,  no  analysis  by geographical segments has been provided for the reporting period.

## (ii) Information about major customers

The  Group's  customer  base  is  diversified  and  no  customer  with  whom  transactions have exceeded 10% of the Group's revenues.

## 5 OTHER REVENUE AND OTHER NET INCOME

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Other revenue  Insurance commission  164,101  134,998  Interest income  46,115  20,960  Management service income  5,063  12,100  215,279  168,058   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5 OTHER REVENUE AND OTHER NET INCOME (continued)

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Other net income  Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  34,831  44,311  Net foreign exchange loss  (16,245)  (20,197)  Gain on a bargain purchase  -  29,714  Government subsidy  9,655  8,313  Penalty income  15,566  6,918  Others  7,730  9,887  51,537  78,946  266,816  247,004   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

| 2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  ## (a) Finance costs:  Interest on  - loans and borrowings  78,819  44,370  - convertible bonds  26  96,488  -  - lease liabilities  83,491  78,243  Total interest expense  258,798  122,613  Other finance cost  (i)  16,241  10,664  275,039  133,277   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (continued)

| 2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  ## (b) Staff costs:  Salaries, wages and other benefits  943,258  868,350  Equity settled share-based payment expenses  (ii)  31,548  4,130  Contributions to defined contribution  retirement plans  (iii)  34,677  36,069  1,009,483  908,549   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (i) It  represents the interest expenses borne by the Group arising from discount of bills issued to automobile manufacturers.
- (ii) The  Group  recognised  an  expense  of  RMB31,548,000  for  the  year  ended  31  December 2022 (2021: RMB4,130,000) in relation to share options granted to certain employees of the Group pursuant to a share option scheme (see note 27).
- (iii) Employees  of  the  Group's  PRC  subsidiaries  are  required  to  participate  in  a  defined contribution  retirement  scheme  administered  and  operated  by  the  local  municipal government. The Group's PRC subsidiaries contribute funds which are calculated on certain percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the scheme to fund the retirement benefits of the employees.

The Group also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the ' MPF scheme ')  under the  Hong  Kong  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Schemes  Ordinance  for  employees  employed under  the  jurisdiction  of  the  Hong  Kong  Employment  Ordinance.  The  MPF  scheme  is  a defined  contribution  retirement  plan  administered  by  independent  trustees.  Under  the  MPF scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to make contributions to the plan at  5%  of  the  employees'  relevant  income,  subject  to  a  cap  of  monthly  relevant  income  of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest immediately.

The  Group's  contributions  made  to  the  defined  contribution  retirement  scheme  are  nonrefundable and cannot be used to reduce the future or existing level of contribution of the Group should any forfeiture be resulted from the schemes.

## 6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (continued)

The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond the annual contributions described above.

## (c) Other items:

| 2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost of inventories  25,889,414  20,620,241  Write-down of inventories  15,137  -  Depreciation  - owned property, plant and equipment  224,680  160,538  - right-of-use assets  133,816  108,013  Amortisation of intangible assets  (iv)  131,533  18,802  Lease expenses  8,725  6,037  Net foreign exchange loss  16,245  20,197  Auditors' remuneration  9,500  7,240   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(iv) The  Group  recognised  administrative  expenses  of  RMB131,533,000  in  relation  to  the  amortisation  of intangible assets for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB18,802,000).

## 7 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

## (a) Taxation  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  comprehensive  income represents:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current tax:  Provision for PRC income tax for the year  (note 28(a))  384,206  422,709  Deferred tax:  Origination of temporary differences  (note 28(b))  (76,602)  (23,286)  307,604  399,423   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)

## (b) Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Profit before taxation  863,540  1,612,763  Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the  rates applicable in the jurisdictions concerned (i)  258,792  415,326  Tax effect of non-deductible expenses  7,765  4,560  Tax effect of non-taxable income on share of profits  of a joint venture  (6,234)  (12,005)  Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised, net of  utilisation of tax losses for which no deferred tax asset was  recognised in previous periods  4,765  (1,029)  Tax effect of non-taxable income on gain  on bargain purchase  -  (7,429)  Effect of PRC dividend withholding tax (ii)  42,516  -  Actual tax expense  307,604  399,423   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)

## (b) Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates: (continued)

- (i) Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the Group is not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands.

No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax was made for the subsidiary located in Hong Kong as the subsidiary did not have assessable profits subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax during the reporting period. The payments of dividends by companies in Hong Kong are not subject to any Hong Kong withholding tax.

The  Group's  PRC  subsidiaries  are  subject  to  income  tax  at  the  statutory  tax  rate  of  25%.One  subsidiary of the Group enjoyed preferential Corporate Income Tax rates which was lower than 25% as it operated in designated areas with preferential CIT policies in the PRC.

- (ii) Since  the  Company  obtained  certificate  of  resident  status  and  became  a  resident  of  the  Hong  Kong Special Administrative Region under the 'Arrangement between the Mainland of China and the Hong Kong Special  Administrative  Region  for  the  Avoidance  of  Double  Taxation  and  the  Prevention  of  Fiscal  Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income'. Under such arrangement, dividend distributions out of earnings of PRC enterprises imposed a withholding tax at 5% during the year ended 31 December 2022.

The  effect  of  PRC  dividend  withholding  tax  of  RMB43  million  represents  PRC  dividend  withholding  tax  of RMB76 million related to dividend distributed out of earnings of PRC subsidiaries of RMB1,520 million during the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  net  of  reversal  of  deferred  tax  liabilities  of  RMB33  million  which  has been recognised previously based on management's best estimation.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 8 DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS

Directors'  emoluments  disclosed  pursuant  to  section  383(1)  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies Ordinance  and  Part  2  of  the  Companies  (Disclosure  of  Information  about  Benefits  of  Directors) Regulation are as follows:

## Year ended 31 December 2022

| Directors'  fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Discretionary  bonuses  Retirement  scheme  contributions  Sub-total  Share-based  payments  (note ii)  Total  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Executive directors  Mr. Ye Fan  -  605  7,400  7  8,012  -  8,012  Mr. Ye Tao  -  2,419  2,980  7  5,406  -  5,406  Ms. Luo Liu Yu  -  725  1,746  7  2,478  867  3,345  Non-executive directors  Mr. Wang Ju  89  -  -  -  89  107  196  Mr. Jip Ki Chi  (i)  136  -  -  -  136  -  136  Mr. Chen Gui Yi  89  -  -  -  89  107  196  Mr. Du Shao Lin  (i)  13  -  -  -  13  -  13  327  3,749  12,126  21  16,223  1,081  17,304   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS (continued)

## Year ended 31 December 2021

| Directors' fees  Salaries,  allowances and  benefits in kind  Discretionary  bonuses  Retirement  scheme  contributions  Sub-total  Share-based  payments  (note ii)  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Executive directors  Mr. Ye Fan  -  605  2,716  7  3,328  -  3,328  Mr. Ye Tao  -  2,419  2,980  7  5,406  -  5,406  Ms. Luo Liu Yu  -  725  908  6  1,639  82  1,721  Non-executive directors  Mr. Wang Ju  82  -  -  -  82  358  440  Mr. Jip Ki Chi  136  -  -  -  136  358  494  Mr. Chen Gui Yi  82  -  -  -  82  358  440  300  3,749  6,604  20  10,673  1,156  11,829   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Mr. Jip Ki Chi resigned on 30 November 2022 as a non-executive director and Mr. Du, Shao Lin was appointed on the same day as a non-executive director.

- (ii) These represent the estimated value of share options granted to the directors under the Company's share option scheme adopted on 13 November 2013. The value of these share options is measured according to the Group's accounting  policies  for  share-based  payment  transactions  as  set  out  in  note  2(t)(iii)  and,  in  accordance  with  that policy,  includes  adjustments  to  reverse  amounts  accrued  where  grants  of  equity  instruments  are  forfeited  prior to  vesting.  The  details  of  these  benefits  in  kind,  including  the  principal  terms  and  number  of  options  granted,  are disclosed under the paragraph 'Share option scheme' in report of the directors and note 27.

No directors of the Company waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.

During the year, there were no amounts paid or payable by the Group to the directors or any of the five highest paid individuals set out in note 9 below as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9 INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

Of  the  five  individuals  with  the  highest  emoluments,  three  (2021:  two)  are  directors  whose emoluments is disclosed in note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other two (2021: three) individuals are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Salaries, allowance and benefits in kind  440  663  Discretionary bonuses  4,235  4,956  Retirement scheme contributions  12  19  Share-based payments  2,190  1,707  6,877  7,345   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  emoluments of  the  two  (2021:  three)  individuals  with  the  highest  emoluments  are  within  the following bands:

| 2022  2021  Number of  individuals  Number of  individuals  HK$  2,000,001 - 3,000,000  1  2  3,000,001 - 4,000,000  -  -  4,000,001 - 5,000,000  1  1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Tax effect relating to each component of other comprehensive income

| 2022  2021  Before-tax  amount  Tax benefit  Net-of-tax  amount  Before-tax  amount  Tax benefit  Net-of-tax  amount  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Items that will not be reclassified  to profit or loss:  Exchange differences on translation of  financial statements of the Company  (78,952)  -  (78,952)  -  -  -  Items that may be reclassified  subsequently to profit or loss:  Exchange differences on translation of  financial statements of foreign operations  499  -  499  -  -  -  Other comprehensive income  (78,453)  -  (78,453)  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11 EARNINGS PER SHARE

## (a) Basic earnings per share

The  calculation  of  basic  earnings  per  share  is  based  on  the  profit  attributable  to  equity shareholders  of  the  Company  of  RMB521,029,000  (2021:  RMB1,165,640,000)  and  the weighted average of 1,273,120,000 ordinary shares in  issue  (2021:  1,245,142,000  shares) during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 11 EARNINGS PER SHARE (continued)

## (a) Basic earnings per share (continued)

## Weighted average number of ordinary shares

| 2022  2021  Issued ordinary shares at 1 January  1,247,867,000  1,244,521,000  Effect of exercise of share options  (note 27)  3,123,000  621,000  Effect of placement of new shares  (note 29(c))  22,130,000  -  Weighted average number of ordinary  shares at 31 December  1,273,120,000  1,245,142,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Diluted earnings per share

The  calculation  of  diluted  earnings  per  share  is  based  on  the  profit  attributable  to  equity shareholders  of  the  Company  of  RMB521,029,000  (2021:  RMB1,165,640,000)  and  the weighted average of 1,282,953,000 ordinary shares (2021: 1,261,760,000 ordinary shares) in  issue  after  adjusting  for  the  effect  of  all  dilutive  potential  ordinary  shares  under  the Company's employee share option scheme during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Weighted average number of shares (diluted)

| 2022  2021  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  for the year ended 31 December  1,273,120,000  1,245,142,000  Effect of deemed issue of shares under the employee  share option scheme  (note 27)  9,833,000  16,618,000  Weighted average number of ordinary  shares (diluted) at 31 December  1,282,953,000  1,261,760,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2022 does not  assume  the  conversion  of  the  Group's  convertible  bonds  since  its  exercise  had  antidilutive  effect  that  would  result  in  an  increase  in  earnings  per  share  for  the  year  ended  31 December 2022.

## 12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Buildings  Leasehold  improvements  Plant and  machinery  Passenger  vehicles  Office  equipment and  furniture  Construction  in progress  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  519,099  422,529  214,696  232,316  124,635  20,913  1,534,188  Additions  9,115  83,726  22,173  204,912  25,734  29,429  375,089  Acquisitions of subsidiaries  68,640  -  2,558  12,788  4,764  -  88,750  Acquisition of asset  61,212  -  33  592  759  -  62,596  Transfer  -  37,151  1,898  -  -  (39,049)  -  Disposals  (2,616)  (113)  (1,048)  (147,896)  (5,006)  -  (156,679)  At 31 December 2021  655,450  543,293  240,310  302,712  150,886  11,293  1,903,944  At 1 January 2022  655,450  543,293  240,310  302,712  150,886  11,293  1,903,944  Additions  -  25,548  12,933  230,511  14,226  40,086  323,304  Acquisitions of subsidiaries  (note 32)  399,775  21,229  46,702  4,849  12,741  286  485,582  Transfer  17,236  21,146  889  -  6,501  (45,772)  -  Disposals  (38,653)  (33)  (6,765)  (179,340)  (6,463)  -  (231,254)  At 31 December 2022  1,033,808  611,183  294,069  358,732  177,891  5,893  2,481,576  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 January 2021  135,406  90,890  71,840  50,147  65,969  -  414,252  Charge for the year  23,616  33,481  21,634  61,368  20,439  -  160,538  Written back on disposals  (670)  (42)  (712)  (46,558)  (4,282)  -  (52,264)  At 31 December 2021  158,352  124,329  92,762  64,957  82,126  -  522,526  At 1 January 2022  158,352  124,329  92,762  64,957  82,126  -  522,526  Charge for the year  59,503  44,915  28,426  68,891  22,945  -  224,680  Written back on disposals  (36,656)  -  (5,338)  (61,577)  (5,105)  -  (108,676)  At 31 December 2022  181,199  169,244  115,850  72,271  99,966  -  638,530  Net book value:  At 31 December 2022  852,609  441,939  178,219  286,461  77,925  5,893  1,843,046  At 31 December 2021  497,098  418,964  147,548  237,755  68,760  11,293  1,381,418   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

The Group's property, plant and equipment are located in the PRC.

The Group has yet to obtain property ownership certificates of certain buildings with an aggregate net  book  value  of  RMB474,186,000  as  at  31  December  2022  (2021:  RMB248,379,000). Notwithstanding this, the directors are of the opinion that the Group owned the beneficial title to these buildings as at 31 December 2022.

Property, plant and equipment with net book value of RMB13,268,000 are pledged as security for bank loans (see note 23(b)(i)) as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB65,130,000).

## 13 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Land use  rights carried  at cost  (i)  Properties and  land leased  for own  use carried  at cost  (ii)  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  117,514  1,323,470  1,440,984  Additions  191  97,597  97,788  Acquisitions of subsidiaries  53,757  -  53,757  Acquisition of asset  244,504  -  244,504  Derecognition  -  (8,611)  (8,611)  At 31 December 2021  415,966  1,412,456  1,828,422  Additions  40,000  95,388  135,388  Acquisitions of subsidiaries  (note 32)  58,200  157,702  215,902  Derecognition  -  (1,129)  (1,129)  At 31 December 2022  514,166  1,664,417  2,178,583   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)

| Land use  rights carried  at cost  (i)  Properties and  land leased  for own  use carried  at cost  (ii)  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Accumulated amortisation:  At 1 January 2021  (6,893)  (147,802)  (154,695)  Charge for the year  (9,089)  (98,924)  (108,013)  Reversal for derecognition  -  3,095  3,095  At 31 December 2021  (15,982)  (243,631)  (259,613)  Charge for the year  (13,536)  (120,280)  (133,816)  Reversal for derecognition  -  245  245  At 31 December 2022  (29,518)  (363,666)  (393,184)  Net book value:  At 31 December 2022  484,648  1,300,751  1,785,399  At 31 December 2021  399,984  1,168,825  1,568,809   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 13 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)

The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class  of underlying asset:  Land use rights  13,536  9,089  Properties and land leased for own use  120,280  98,924  133,816  108,013  Interest on lease liabilities  (note 6(a))  83,491  78,243  Expense relating to short-term leases  (note 6(c))  8,725  6,037  Loss/(gain) on derecognition of right-of -use assets  166  (3,338)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were RMB351,290,000 (2021: RMB396,049,000). This amount included the additions to land use rights and leased properties through acquisitions of subsidiaries of RMB58,200,000 and RMB157,702,000 respectively. The remainder primarily related to the capitalised lease payments payable under new tenancy agreements.

Details of total cash outflow for leases, the maturity analysis of lease liabilities and the future cash outflows  arising  from  leases  that  are  not  yet  commenced  are  set  out  in  notes  22(d),  25  and  31, respectively.

## (i) Land use rights

Land in respect of land use rights are all located in the PRC with a remaining lease period of 32 - 40 years when acquired.

Land use rights with net book value of RMB19,117,000 are pledged as security for bank loans (see note 23(b)(i)) as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB54,411,000).

## (ii) Properties and land leased for own use

The Group has obtained the right to use other properties and land through tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of 2 to 20 years.

Some leases include an option to terminate the lease before the end of the contract term. The Group considers it reasonably certain not to exercise the option to early terminate at lease commencement date.

## 14 INTANGIBLE ASSETS

## The Group

| Car dealership  Software  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost:  At 1 January 2021  73,047  9,046  82,093  Acquisitions of subsidiaries  503,478  -  503,478  At 31 December 2021  576,525  9,046  585,571  At 1 January 2022  576,525  9,046  585,571  Acquisitions of subsidiaries  (note 32)  3,062,512  -  3,062,512  At 31 December 2022  3,639,037  9,046  3,648,083  Accumulated amortisation:  At 1 January 2021  (16,133)  (4,515)  (20,648)  Charge for the year  (18,179)  (623)  (18,802)  At 31 December 2021  (34,312)  (5,138)  (39,450)  At 1 January 2022  (34,312)  (5,138)  (39,450)  Charge for the year  (130,910)  (623)  (131,533)  At 31 December 2022  (165,222)  (5,761)  (170,983)  Net book value:  At 31 December 2022  3,473,815  3,285  3,477,100  At 31 December 2021  542,213  3,908  546,121   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 14 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)

## (i) Intangible assets - car dealership

The car dealerships arises  from  the  Group's  relationship  with  the  automobile  manufacturer with  an  estimated  useful  life  of  20  years,  which  was  estimated  by  management  with reference to the valuation reports prepared by the external valuers engaged by the Group. The fair value of the car dealerships as at the acquisition date was determined by using the multiple-period excess earning method.

## (ii) Impairment testing of intangible assets - car dealership and goodwill

The  continuous  outbreak  of  COVID-19  and  respective  restriction  control  measures implemented  in  the  PRC,  together  with  the  unfavourable  market  conditions,  have  had  a direct  impact  on  the  financial  performance  of  the  Group  in  2022,  which  led  to  a  decline  in the Group's financial performance, in particular, the business performance of several newly acquired  4S  dealerships  stores  were  adversely  impacted  and  therefore  were  behind  the original business forecast made at the acquisition dates. As such, the directors of the Group consider that there were impairment indicators for those acquired 4S dealerships stores as at 31 December 2022, which were independent cash generating units.

As  at  31  December  2022,  management  engaged  an  external  valuer  to  assist  with  the impairment tests for the intangible assets - car dealership and goodwill and the recoverable amounts of the respective CGUs have been determined based on the higher of its fair value less  costs  to  sell  and  value  in  use  calculations  according  to  requirements  of  Hong  Kong Accounting Standard 36 Impairment of Assets. The cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a period of five years and adopted discount rate of 15% (2021:15%). The discount rates were determined based on the applicable weighted average cost of capital of the relevant business, which reflects the time value of money and the specific risks relating to the relevant business. The cash flow projections have taken into account the historical financial performance, expected sales growth rates and profit margins of the relevant business, market conditions and other available information. The assumptions used  are  based  on  management's  past  experience  of  the  specific  market,  having  made reference  to  external  sources  of  information.  Cash  flows  beyond  the  five-year  period  are extrapolated  using  estimated  growth  rate  of  2.5%  (2021:2.5%),  which  is  consistent  with the  forecasts  included  in  industry  reports.  Based  on  the  management's  assessment  result, there was no impairment of goodwill or intangible asset - car dealership as at 31 December 2022.

## 15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.

| Proportion of ownership interest  Name of company  Place of incorporation  and business and  nature of legal entity  Particulars of  issued and  paid up capital  Group's  effective  interest  Held by the  Company  Held by a  subsidiary  Principal activity  China MeiDong Auto International Limited  ('  MeiDong International  ')  （中國美東汽車國際有限公司）  British Virgin Islands,  limited company  100 shares of  USD 1 each  100%  100%  -  Investment holding  China Meidong Auto (HK) Limited ('  MeiDong HK  ')  （中國美東汽車（香港） 有限公司）  Hong Kong, limited  company  10,000 shares  100%  -  100%  Investment holding  Sail Vantage Limited ('  Sail Vantage  ')  British Virgin Islands,  limited company  -  100%  100%  -  Investment holding  MeiDong Auto Sales Group Limited ('  Meidong Auto Sales  ')  （美東汽車銷售集團有限公司）  Hong Kong, limited  company  USD 50,000  100%  100%  -  Investment holding  Bestune Company Limited ('  Bestune  ')  （百圣通有限公司）  Hong Kong, limited  company  HKD 130,000  100%  -  100%  Investment holding  Dongguan Meixin Business Consulting Co., Ltd. ('  Dongguan  Meixin  ')  （東莞美信企業管理諮詢有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 200,000,000  100%  -  100%  Investment holding  Dongguan Dongbu Toyota Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （東莞市東部豐⽥汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 50,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Dongguan Dongmei Toyota Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （東莞東美豐⽥汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 50,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Dongguan Dongxin Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （東莞市東鑫汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 50,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Xiamen Meidong Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （廈門美東汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 20,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Zhuzhou Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （株洲市美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Quanzhou Meidong Toyota Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （泉州美東豐⽥汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

| Proportion of ownership interest  Name of company  Place of incorporation  and business and  nature of legal entity  Particulars of  issued and  paid up capital  Group's  effective  interest  Held by the  Company  Held by a  subsidiary  Principal activity  Lanzhou Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （蘭州美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Yiyang Dongxin Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （益陽市東鑫汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 20,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Hengyang Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （衡陽市美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Chengde Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （承德美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Beijing Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （北京美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 50,000,000  70%  -  70%  Automobile dealership  Foshan Dongbao Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （佛⼭東保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Changsha Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （長沙美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Dongguan Dongyue Used Vehicles Co., Ltd.  （東莞市東粵⼆手車有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 5,000,000  100%  -  100%  Used vehicle trading  Changde Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （常德市美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Shantou Dongbao Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （汕頭市東保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 52,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Longyan Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （龍岩美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Yueyang Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （岳阳市美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 20,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Jingdezhen Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （景德鎮美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 20,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

| Proportion of ownership interest  Name of company  Place of incorporation  and business and  nature of legal entity  Particulars of  issued and  paid up capital  Group's  effective  interest  Held by the  Company  Held by a  subsidiary  Principal activity  Xinyu Dongbu Toyota Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （新余東部豐⽥汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Zhuhai Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （珠海美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Huanggang Baoxinhang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （黃岡寶鑫行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 15,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Foshan Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （佛⼭美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Yangjiang Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （陽江美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 15,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Guangzhou Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （廣州美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 50,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Beijing Huibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （北京匯寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 50,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Liuyang Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （瀏陽美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 20,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Qingyuan Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （清遠美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Zhuzhou Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （株洲美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Jiujiang Dongbu Toyota Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （九江東部豐⽥汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Yongzhou Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （永州美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 8,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Shangrao Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （上饒美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 20,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

| Proportion of ownership interest  Name of company  Place of incorporation  and business and  nature of legal entity  Particulars of  issued and  paid up capital  Group's  effective  interest  Held by the  Company  Held by a  subsidiary  Principal activity  Dongguan Meiyue Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （東莞美悅汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 12,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Yangjiang Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （陽江美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Ganzhou Xinbao Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （贛州鑫保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 50,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Tangxia Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （  '  Tangxia Meidong  ')  （塘廈美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 20,000,000  69%  -  69%  Automobile dealership  Doumen Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （  '  Doumen Meidong  ')  （斗門美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  71%  -  71%  Automobile dealership  Langfang Guanbaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （廊坊冠寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Tongling Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （銅陵美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Chizhou Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （池州美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Huangshan Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （黃⼭美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Suzhou Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （宿州美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Dongguan Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （  '  Dongguan Meibaohang  ')  （東莞美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 30,000,000  70%  -  70%  Automobile dealership  Wuhan Xinbao Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （武漢鑫保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 50,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

| Proportion of ownership interest  Name of company  Place of incorporation  and business and  nature of legal entity  Particulars of  issued and  paid up capital  Group's  effective  interest  Held by the  Company  Held by a  subsidiary  Principal activity  Nanchang Jubao Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （南昌聚保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 50,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Heyuan Guanao Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （河源冠奧汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 40,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Bazhou Guanbaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （霸州冠寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Huaibei Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （淮北美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Chuzhou Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （滁州美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Bazhou Guanyue Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （霸州市冠悅汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Hengyang Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （衡陽美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Beijing Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （北京美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 20,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Jinan Jubao Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （濟南聚保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 70,000,000  70%  -  70%  Automobile dealership  Xinyu Meibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （新餘美寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Shaoguan Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （韶關美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Guangzhou Dongbao Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （廣州東保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 200,000,000  70%  -  70%  Automobile dealership  Jiujiang Huibaohang Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （九江匯寶行汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

| Proportion of ownership interest  Name of company  Place of incorporation  and business and  nature of legal entity  Particulars of  issued and  paid up capital  Group's  effective  interest  Held by the  Company  Held by a  subsidiary  Principal activity  Jiangmen Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （江門美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Langfang Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （廊坊美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000/nil  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Nanjing Tangshan Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Service  Co., Ltd.  （  '  Tangshan Lexus  ')  （南京湯⼭美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 54,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Guangan Zongshen Baotai Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （  '  Guangan Zongshen  ')  （廣安市宗申寶泰汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 36,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Dongguan Wangniudun Meidong Toyota Auto  Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （東莞望牛墩美東豐⽥汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Huangshan Dongbu Toyota Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （黃⼭東部豐⽥汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Tianjin Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Services Co., Ltd.  （天津美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Nanjing Meidong Lexus Auto Sales and Service Co., Ltd.  （  '  Nanjing Meidong  ')  （南京美東雷克薩斯汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 40,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Dongguan Fenggang Meixin Toyota Auto Sales  and Services Co., Ltd.  （東莞鳳崗美鑫豐⽥汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Dongguan Jeilin Property Investment Consulting  Co., Ltd.  （  '  Jielin Property  ')  （東莞市捷麟物業投資顧問有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 12,000,000  100%  -  100%  Property management  Dongguan Meixin New Energy Investment Co., Ltd.  ('  Meixin New Energy  ')  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 10,000,000  51%  -  51%  Investment holding   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

（東莞美信新能源投資有限公司）

## 15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

| Proportion of ownership interest  Name of company  Place of incorporation  and business and  nature of legal entity  Particulars of  issued and  paid up capital  Group's  effective  interest  Held by the  Company  Held by a  subsidiary  Principal activity  Shantou Dongying Automobile Service Co., Ltd.  ('  Shantou Dongying  ')  （汕頭東盈汽車服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 9,000,000  51%  -  100%  Maintenance service  Tianjin Dongbao Automotive Sales and Service Co.,Ltd.  ('  Tianjin Dongbao  ')  （天津東保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 70,726,040  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Weifang Xinbao Automotive Sales and Service Co.,Ltd.  ('  Weifang Xinbao  ')  （濰坊鑫保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 68,650,094  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Qingdao Dongbao Automotive Sales and Service Co.,Ltd.  ('  Qingdao Dongbao  ')  （青島東保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 34,785,075  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Nanjing Dongbao Automotive Sales and Service Co.,Ltd.  ('  Nanjing Dongbao  ')  （南京東保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 32,260,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Chongqing Dongbao Automotive Sales and Service Co.,Ltd.  ('  Chongqing Dongbao  ')  （重慶東保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 32,399,276  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Henan Dongbao Automotive Sales and Service Co.,Ltd.  ('  Henan Dongbao  ')  （河南東保汽車銷售服務有限公司）  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 32,900,000  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership  Jinan Dongbao Automotive Sales and Service Co.,Ltd.  ('  Jinan Dongbao  ')  The PRC, limited liability  company  RMB 38,310,638  100%  -  100%  Automobile dealership   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

（濟南東保汽車銷售服務有限公司）

Note: Except for MeiDong International, MeiDong HK and Sail Vantage, the English translation of the company names is for reference only. The official names of the companies established in the PRC are in Chinese.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 16 INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Share of net assets  38,985  61,942   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the Group's interest in the joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements, are as follows:

| Proportion of ownership interest  Name of Joint  venture  Form of  business  structure  Place of  incorporation  and business  Particulars of  issued and paid  up capital  Group's  effective  interest  Held  by the  Company  Held by a  subsidiary  Principal activity  Dongguan Meidong  Automotive  Service Co., Ltd.  ('  Dongguan  Meidong  ')  Incorporated  The PRC  RMB22,000,000  49%  -  49%  Automobile  dealership   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Dongguan Meidong is structured as a separate vehicle and provides the Group rights to the net assets of the entity. Accordingly, the Group has classified the investment in Dongguan Meidong as a joint venture.

Dongguan Meidong, the only joint venture in which the Group participates, is an unlisted corporate entity whose quoted market price is not available.

## 16 INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE (continued)

Summarised financial information of the joint venture and reconciliation to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Gross amounts of Dongguan Meidong's  Current assets  131,603  204,208  Non-current assets  13,182  17,020  Current liabilities  (65,224)  (94,816)  Equity  (79,561)  (126,412)  Included in the above assets and liabilities:  Cash and cash equivalents  95,722  166,686  Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables and  provisions)  -  (5,890)  Revenue  1,010,538  1,076,445  Profit and total comprehensive income  50,888  97,998  Profit distribution to the Group  47,892  42,425  Included in the above profit:  Depreciation and amortisation  (2,737)  (3,498)  Interest income  1,699  1,126  Interest expense  (535)  (1)  Income tax expense  (16,499)  (32,836)  Reconciled to the Group's interest in Dongguan Meidong  Gross amounts of Dongguan Meidong's net assets  79,561  126,412  Group's effective interest  49%  49%  Group's share of Dongguan Meidong's net assets and carrying  amount in the consolidated financial statements  38,985  61,942   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Prepayments for property, plant and equipment, intangible assets  and right-of-use assets  1,385  5,191  Long-term deposits and receivables  73,519  66,922  Prepayments for acquisition  -  350,000  74,904  422,113   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18 GOODWILL

| RMB'000  Cost:  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  178,691  Goodwill arising from business combinations:  - Starchase Group  (note 32)  825,821  At 31 December 2022  1,004,512  Accumulated impairment losses:  At 31 December 2022  -  Carrying amount:  At 31 December 2022  1,004,512   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18 GOODWILL (continued)

Impairment tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill

The goodwill arose from the acquisition of following business is allocated to the following CGU.

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Tangshan Lexus  32,924  32,924  Nanjing Meidong  145,767  145,767  Starchase Group  825,821  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  management  performed  impairment  tests  for  the  goodwill  and  the recoverable  amounts  of  the  respective  CGUs  have  been  determined  based  on  the  value-in-use calculations (see note 14).

## 19 INVENTORIES

## (a) Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Motor vehicles  882,987  222,853  Others  186,373  132,403  1,069,360  355,256   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19 INVENTORIES (continued)

## (b) The  analysis  of  the  amount  of  inventories  recognised  as  an  expense  and included in profit or loss is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Carrying amount of inventories sold  25,889,414  20,620,241  Write-down of inventories  15,137  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Inventories with carrying amount of RMB15,267,000 have been pledged as security for loans and borrowings (see note 23(b)(i)) as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB13,862,000).

Inventories with carrying amount of RMB519,661,000 have been pledged as security for the bills payable (see note 24(b)) as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB116,260,000).

## 20 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables  278,958  181,230  Prepayments  391,125  921,918  Other receivables and deposits  888,687  709,147  Amounts due from third parties  1,558,770  1,812,295  Amounts due from related parties  (note 34(c))  1,719  4,864  Trade and other receivables  1,560,489  1,817,159   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All  of  the  trade  and  other  receivables  are  expected  to  be  recovered  or  recognised  as  expense within one year.

Prepayments  and  other  receivables  with  carrying  amount  of  RMB64,390,000  have  been pledged as security for loans and borrowings (see note 23(b)(i)) as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB159,555,000).

Prepayments with carrying amount of RMB235,570,000 have been pledged as security for the bills payable (see note 24(b)) as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB649,797,000).

## 20 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables (which are included in trade and other receivables) based on the invoice date that are neither individually nor collectively considered to be impaired is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 1 month  246,022  170,114  1 to 2 months  22,687  8,986  2 to 3 months  7,165  1,145  Over 3 months  3,084  985  278,958  181,230   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details on the Group's credit policy are set out in note 30(a).

## 21 PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Restricted bank deposits pledged in respect of loans and  borrowings  (note 23(b)(i))  15,631  33,729  Restricted bank deposits pledged in respect  of bills payable  (note 24(b))  894,676  735,235  910,307  768,964   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The pledged bank deposits will be released upon the settlement of relevant loans and borrowings and bills payable.

## 22 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION

## (a) Cash and cash equivalents and fixed deposits with banks comprise:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Fixed deposits with banks with more than three  months to maturity when placed  712,696  -  Cash at bank and in hand  1,635,625  2,621,741   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Reconciliation of profit before taxation to cash generated from operations:

| 2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Profit before taxation  863,540  1,612,763  Adjustments for:  - Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  6(c)  224,680  160,538  - Depreciation of right-of-use assets  6(c)  133,816  108,013  - Amortisation of intangible assets  6(c)  131,533  18,802  - Write-down of inventories  6(c)  15,137  -  - N  et gain on disposal of property, plant and  equipment  5  (34,831)  (44,311)  - N  et loss/(gain) on derecognition of right-of-use  assets  13  166  (3,338)  - Finance costs  6(a)  275,039  133,277  - Share of profits of a joint venture  (24,935)  (48,019)  - Interest income  5  (46,115)  (20,960)  - Equity settled share-based payment expenses  6(b)  31,548  4,130  - Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss  (10,644)  22,310  - Gain on a bargain purchase  -  (29,714)  Changes in working capital:  (Increase)/decrease in inventories  (124,971)  190,700  Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables  406,321  (220,359)  Increase in pledged bank deposits  (159,441)  (204,494)  (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables  (48,233)  513,420  Increase in other non-current assets  (6,598)  (2,989)  Cash generated from operations  1,626,012  2,189,769   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)

## (c) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing activities.

| Bank loans  and other  borrowings  Lease  liabilities  Interest  payables  Convertible  bonds  Other  payables  due to a  related party  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Note 1)  (Note 25)  (Note 2)  (Note 26)  (Note 34(c))  At 1 January 2022  1,288,878  1,292,393  752  -  10,350  2,592,373  Changes from financing cash flows:  Proceeds from loans and borrowings  12,861,255  -  -  -  -  12,861,255  Net proceeds from issuance of  convertible bonds  -  -  -  2,198,814  -  2,198,814  Repayment of loans and borrowings  (13,100,444)  -  -  -  -  (13,100,444)  Capital element of lease rentals paid  -  (74,676)  -  -  -  (74,676)  Interest element of lease rentals paid  -  (83,491)  -  -  -  (83,491)  Repayment of advances from related  parties  -  -  -  -  (3,641)  (3,641)  Interest paid  -  -  (93,972)  -  -  (93,972)  Total changes from financing cash flows  (239,189)  (158,167)  (93,972)  2,198,814  (3,641)  1,703,845  Exchange adjustments  (20,827)  -  -  188,145  -  167,318  Other changes:  Increase in lease liabilities from entering  into new leases during the period  -  96,296  -  -  -  96,296  Derecognition of right-of-use assets  -  (718)  -  -  -  (718)  Additions through acquisition of  subsidiaries  877,869  142,524  -  -  -  1,020,393  Equity component of convertible bonds  -  -  -  (208,515)  -  (208,515)  Interest expenses  (note 6(a))  -  83,491  95,060  96,488  -  275,039  Total other changes  877,869  321,593  95,060  (112,027)  -  1,182,495  At 31 December 2022  1,906,731  1,455,819  1,840  2,274,932  6,709  5,646,031   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)

## (c) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities: (continued)

Note 1: Bank loans and other borrowings consist of bank loans and borrowings from other financial institutions and a related party as disclosed in note 23.

Note 2 :  Interest payables is recorded in trade and other payables.

| Bank loans  and other  borrowings  Lease  liabilities  Interest  payables  Other payables  due to a related  party  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Note 1)  (Note 25)  (Note 2)  (Note 34(c))  At 1 January 2021  951,407  1,257,735  725  5,665  2,215,532  Changes from financing cash flows:  Proceeds from loans and borrowings  8,483,368  -  -  -  8,483,368  Repayment of loans and borrowings  (8,166,627)  -  -  -  (8,166,627)  Advances from a related party  -  -  -  4,685  4,685  Capital element of lease rentals paid  -  (54,320)  -  -  (54,320)  Interest element of lease rentals paid  -  (78,243)  -  -  (78,243)  Interest paid  -  -  (55,007)  -  (55,007)  Total changes from financing cash flows  316,741  (132,563)  (55,007)  4,685  133,856  Exchange adjustments  (6,349)  -  -  -  (6,349)  Other changes:  Increase in lease liabilities from entering  into new leases during the period  -  97,832  -  -  97,832  Derecognition of right-of-use assets  -  (8,854)  -  -  (8,854)  Additions through acquisition of subsidiaries  27,079  -  -  -  27,079  Interest expenses  (note 6(a))  -  78,243  55,034  -  133,277  Total other changes  27,079  167,221  55,034  -  249,334  At 31 December 2021  1,288,878  1,292,393  752  10,350  2,592,373   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)

## (c) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (continued):

Note 1: Bank loans and other borrowings consist of bank loans and borrowings from other financial institutions and a related party as disclosed in note 23.

Note 2: Interest payables is recorded in trade and other payables.

## (d) Total cash outflow for leases

Amounts included in the cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within operating cash flows  8,725  6,037  Within financing cash flows  158,167  132,563  166,892  138,600   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These amounts relate to the following:

Lease rentals paid

2022

RMB'000

166,892

2021

RMB'000

138,600

## 23 LOANS AND BORROWINGS

## (a) At 31 December 2022, loans and borrowings were repayable as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 1 year or on demand (i)  1,413,918  989,490  After 1 year but within 2 years (i)  293,313  139,881  After 2 years but within 5 years (i)  199,500  159,507  492,813  299,388  1,906,731  1,288,878   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (i) Loans and borrowings of RMB1,146,722,000 repayable within 1 year were guaranteed by related parties as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB978,954,000) (see note 34(d)).

Loans and borrowings of RMB270,413,000 repayable after 1 year but within 2 years were guaranteed by related parties as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB105,681,000) (see note 34(d)).

Loans and borrowings of RMB199,500,000 repayable after 2 years but within 5 years were guaranteed by related parties as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB136,607,000) (see note 34(d)).

## (b) At 31 December 2022, loans and borrowings were secured as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Secured bank loans (i)  1,861,382  1,166,958  Secured borrowings from other financial institutions (i)  45,349  121,920  1,906,731  1,288,878   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23 LOANS AND BORROWINGS (continued)

## (b) At 31 December 2022, loans and borrowings were secured as follows: (continued)

(i) Loans and borrowings were secured by the following assets of the Group:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Inventories  15,267  13,862  Trade and other receivables  64,390  159,555  Property, plant and equipment  13,268  65,130  Right-of-use assets  19,117  54,411  Pledged bank deposits  15,631  33,729  127,673  326,687   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Certain  banking  facilities  of  the  Group  are  subject  to  the  fulfilment  of  covenants  relating  to  certain  of  the Group's balance sheet ratios, as are commonly found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants, the drawn down facilities would become payable on demand. The Group regularly monitors its compliance with these covenants. Further details of the Group's management of liquidity risk are set out in note 30(b).

## 24 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade payables  188,943  167,988  Bills payable  1,649,907  1,501,292  1,838,850  1,669,280  Contract liabilities (i)  1,019,748  711,100  Other payables and accruals  326,161  396,184  Amounts due to third parties  3,184,759  2,776,564  Amounts due to related parties  (note 34(c))  8,113  11,034  Trade and other payables  3,192,872  2,787,598   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) The amount of revenue recognised in the year that was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the year was RMB411,831,000 (2021: RMB501,195,000).

## 24 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (continued)

- (a) All trade and other payables are expected to be settled within one year.
- (b) Bills payable were secured by the following assets of the Group:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Pledged bank deposits  894,676  735,235  Inventories  519,661  116,260  Trade and other receivables  235,570  649,797  1,649,907  1,501,292   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, bills payable of RMB1,370,946,000 were guaranteed by a related party (2021: RMB1,007,416,000) (see note 34(d)).

- (c) As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables and bills payable (which are included in trade and other payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 3 months  1,768,061  1,603,975  After 3 months but within 6 months  70,789  65,305  1,838,850  1,669,280   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25 LEASE LIABILITIES

At 31 December 2022, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 1 year  165,195  132,421  After 1 year but within 2 years  163,256  129,301  After 2 years but within 5 years  438,304  371,821  After 5 years  689,064  658,850  1,290,624  1,159,972  1,455,819  1,292,393   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26 CONVERTIBLE BONDS

On  14  January  2022,  Sail  Vantage  Limited,  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  issued  zero  coupon guaranteed  convertible  bonds  (' the  Convertible  Bonds ')  with  an  aggregate  principal  amount of  HK$2,750,000,000  (equivalent  to  approximately  RMB2,248,263,000)  and  received  cash after  deduction  of  transaction  costs  of  HK$2,689,517,000  (equivalent  to  approximately RMB2,198,814,000).

Pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  Convertible  Bonds,  the  Convertible  Bonds  will  be  due  in  January 2027 and are guaranteed by the Company. The bond holders could convert part of or the entire outstanding bond balances at the holder's option into fully paid ordinary shares of the Company at  an  initial  conversion  price  of  HK$46.75  per  share,  subject  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the Convertible Bonds.

The Convertible Bonds can be settled by exchange of a fixed amount of cash in HK$ with a fixed number of the Company's equity instruments. In accordance with the Group's accounting policy set  out  in  note  2(r),  the  Convertible  Bonds  are  accounted  for  as  compound  financial  instruments which contain both a liability component and an equity component.

## 26 CONVERTIBLE BONDS (continued)

The  movements  of  the  components  of  the  Convertible  Bonds  during  current  period  are  set  out below:

| Liability  component  (At amortised  cost)  Equity  component  (Residual  amount)  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At the date of issuance  1,990,299  208,515  2,198,814  Interest charge  (note 6(a))  96,488  -  96,488  Exchange adjustment  188,145  -  188,145  At 31 December 2022  2,274,932  208,515  2,483,447   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

## (i) Share options granted on 20 January 2014:

Pursuant  to  a  resolution  of  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  passed  on  20  January 2014,  11,400,000  share  options  were  granted  to  certain  eligible  employees  of  the  Group under  the  share  option  scheme  adopted  by  the  Company  on  13  November  2013,  to subscribe  for  11,400,000  shares  of  the  Company  in  aggregate  with  an  exercise  price  of HK$1.8, among which 2,000,000 and 2,150,000 share options were granted to Mr. Ye Tao and Ms. Liu Xuehua (retired with effect from 25 March 2019), the executive directors of the Company, respectively.

Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of HK$0.1 each of  the  Company. Each 25% of these share options will vest on 1 January 2015, 1 January 2016,  1  January  2017,  and  1  January  2018,  respectively,  and  be  exercisable  until  12 November 2023.

## 27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (i) Share options granted on 20 January 2014: (continued)

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  2,450,000  options  were  exercised  (2021: 80,000)  at  a  subscription  price  of  HK$1.80  per  ordinary  share  for  a  total  consideration of  HK$4,410,000  (equivalent  to  RMB3,745,000)  and  consequently,  RMB208,000  and RMB3,537,000  was  recorded  in  share  capital  and  share  premium  account  respectively. Accordingly, the fair value of these share options in an aggregate amount of RMB1,449,000 previously  recognised  in  the  capital  reserve  was  transferred  to  the  share  premium  account upon the exercise of share options.

The number of options granted on 20 January 2014 still outstanding at 31 December 2022 is nil (2021: 2,450,000).

## (ii) Share options granted on 4 January 2018:

Pursuant  to  a  resolution  of  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  passed  on  4  January 2018,  11,980,000  share  options  were  granted  to  certain  eligible  employees  of  the  Group under  the  share  option  scheme  adopted  by  the  Company  on  13  November  2013,  to subscribe  for  11,980,000  shares  of  the  Company  in  aggregate  with  an  exercise  price  of HK$2.58, among which 2,000,000 and 2,150,000 share options were granted to Mr. Ye Tao and Ms. Liu Xuehua (retired with effect from 25 March 2019), the executive directors of the Company, respectively.

Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of HK$0.1 each of  the  Company. Each 25% of these share options will vest on 4 January 2018, 4 January 2019, 4 January 2020 and 4 January 2021, respectively, and be exercisable until 3 January 2028.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  1,787,500  options  were  exercised  (2021: 1,900,000)  at  a  subscription  price  of  HK$2.58  per  ordinary  share  for  a  total  consideration of  HK$4,611,750  (equivalent  to  RMB3,916,000)  and  consequently,  RMB152,000  and RMB3,764,000  was  recorded  in  share  capital  and  share  premium  account  respectively. Accordingly, the fair value of these share options in an aggregate amount of RMB1,287,000 previously  recognised  in  the  capital  reserve  was  transferred  to  the  share  premium  account upon the exercise of share option.

The number of options granted on 4 January 2018 still outstanding at 31 December 2022 are 3,610,000 (2021: 5,397,500) which have an exercise price of HK$2.58 (2021: HK$2.58) and a remaining contractual life of 5.01 years (2021: 6.01 years).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (iii) Share options granted on 18 July 2019:

Pursuant to a resolution of the board of directors of the Company passed on 18 July 2019, 9,700,000 share options were granted to certain eligible employees of the Group under the share  option  scheme  adopted  by  the  Company  on  13  November  2013,  to  subscribe  for 9,700,000 shares of the Company in aggregate with an exercise price of HK$6.00, among which  230,000  share  options  were  granted  to  Ms.  Luo  Liuyu  (appointed  as  an  executive director  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  25  March  2019)  and  1,000,000  share  options each  were  granted  to  Mr.  Chen  Guiyi,  Mr.  WANG  Michael  Chou,  and  Mr.  JIP  Ki  Chi,  the independent non-executive directors of the Company.

Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of HK$0.1 each of the Company. Each 25% of these share options will vest on 18 July 2019, 18 July 2020, 18 July 2021 and 18 July 2022, respectively, and be exercisable until 17 July 2029.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, 415,000 options were forfeited, and 1,885,000 options  were  exercised  (2021:  1,318,750)  at  a  subscription  price  of  HK$6.00  per  ordinary share  for  a  total  consideration  of  HK$11,310,000  (equivalent  to  RMB9,998,000)  and consequently,  RMB166,000  and  RMB9,832,000  was  recorded  in  share  capital  and  share premium  account  respectively.  Accordingly,  the  fair  value  of  these  share  options  in  an aggregate  amount  of  RMB3,781,000  previously  recognised  in  the  capital  reserve  was transferred to the share premium account upon the exercise of share option.

The  Group  recorded  equity  settled  share-base  payment  expenses  of  RMB438,000  for  the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB2,805,000) (see note 6(b)(ii)).

The number of options granted on 18 July 2019 still outstanding at 31 December 2022 are 4,163,750 (2021: 6,463,750) which have an exercise price of HK$6.00 (2021: HK$6.00) and a remaining contractual life of 6.54 years (2021: 7.54 years).

## 27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (iv) Share options granted on 16 January 2020:

Pursuant  to  a  resolution  of  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  passed  on  16  January 2020, 1,940,000 share options were granted to certain eligible employees under the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 13 November 2013, to subscribe for 1,940,000 shares of the Company in aggregate with an exercise price of HK$10.80.

Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of HK$0.1 each of the Company. Each 25% of these share options will vest on 16 January 2020, 16 January 2021,  16  January  2022  and  16  January  2023,  respectively,  and  be  exercisable  until  15 January 2030.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  42,500  options  were  forfeited,  and  82,500 options  were  exercised  (2021:  47,500)  at  a  subscription  price  of  HK$10.80  per ordinary  share  for  a  total  consideration  of  HK$891,000  (equivalent  to  RMB756,000)  and consequently,  RMB7,000  and  RMB749,000  was  recorded  in  share  capital  and  share premium  account  respectively.  Accordingly,  the  fair  value  of  these  share  options  in  an aggregate  amount  of  RMB260,000  previously  recognised  in  the  capital  reserve  was transferred to the share premium account upon the exercise of share option.

The  Group  recorded  equity  settled  share-base  payment  expenses  of  RMB500,000  for  the year ended 31 December 2022 (see note 6(b)(ii)).

The number of options granted on 16 January 2020 still outstanding at 31 December 2022 are 1,757,500 (2021: 1,882,500) which have an exercise price of HK$10.8 (2021: HK$10.80) and a remaining contractual life of 7.05 years. (2021: 8.05 years).

## (v) Share options granted on 25 May 2022:

Pursuant to a resolution of the board of directors of the Company passed on 25 May 2022, 8,901,000 share options were granted to certain eligible employees under the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 13 November 2013, to subscribe for 8,901,000 shares of  the  Company  in  aggregate  with  an  exercise  price  of  HK$26.20,  among  which  240,000 share options were granted to Ms. Luo Liuyu, an executive director of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (v) Share options granted on 25 May 2022: (continued)

Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share of HK$0.1 each of the Company. Each 25% of these share options will vest on 25 May 2022, 25 May 2023, 25 May 2024 and 25 May 2025, respectively, and be exercisable until 24 May 2032.

The Group recorded equity settled share-base payment expenses of RMB30,610,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022 (see note 6(b)(ii)).

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  288,000  options  were  forfeited.  The  number of  options  granted  on  25  May  2022  still  outstanding  at  31  December  2022  are  8,613,000 which have an exercise price of HK$26.20 and a remaining contractual life of 9.41 years.

## (a) The term and conditions of the grants are as follows:

| Number of  Instruments  Vesting conditions  Contractual  life of options  Options granted to directors:  - On 20 January 2014  4,150,000  25% on 1 January 2015  9.82 years  25% on 1 January 2016  25% on 1 January 2017  25% on 1 January 2018  - On 4 January 2018  4,150,000  25% on 4 January 2018  10.00 years  25% on 4 January 2019  25% on 4 January 2020  25% on 4 January 2021  - On 18 July 2019  3,230,000  25% on 18 July 2019  10.00 years  25% on 18 July 2020  25% on 18 July 2021  25% on 18 July 2022  - On 25 May 2022  240,000  25% on 25 May 2022  10.00 years  25% on 25 May 2023  25% on 25 May 2024  25% on 25 May 2025   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (v) Share options granted on 25 May 2022: (continued)

## (a) The term and conditions of the grants are as follows: (continued)

| Number of  Instruments  Vesting conditions  Contractual  life of options  Options granted to employees:  - On 20 January 2014  7,250,000  25% on 1 January 2015  9.82 years  25% on 1 January 2016  25% on 1 January 2017  25% on 1 January 2018  - On 4 January 2018  7,830,000  25% on 4 January 2018  10.00 years  25% on 4 January 2019  25% on 4 January 2020  25% on 4 January 2021  - On 18 July 2019  6,470,000  25% on 18 July 2019  10.00 years  25% on 18 July 2020  25% on 18 July 2021  25% on 18 July 2022  - On 16 January 2020  1,940,000  25% on 16 January 2020  10.00 years  25% on 16 January 2021  25% on 16 January 2022  25% on 16 January 2023  - On 25 May 2022  8,661,000  25% on 25 May 2022  10.00 years  25% on 25 May 2023  25% on 25 May 2024  25% on 25 May 2025  Total share options granted  43,921,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (v) Share options granted on 25 May 2022 (continued)

## (b) The  number  and  weighted  average  exercise  prices  of  share  options  are  as follows:

| 2022  2021  Exercise  price  Number of  options  Exercise  price  Number of  options  Outstanding at the beginning  of the year  HK$4.78  16,193,750  HK$4.66  19,752,500  Exercised during the year  HK$3.42  (6,205,000)  HK$4.03  (3,346,250)  Forfeited during the year  HK$14.08  (745,500)  HK$5.62  (212,500)  Granted during the year  HK$26.20  8,901,000  -  -  Outstanding at the end of the year  HK$15.37  18,144,250  HK$4.78  16,193,750  Exercisable at the end of the year  HK$9.33  11,214,500  HK$4.11  12,911,250   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year was HK$24.91 (2021: HK$37.35).

The  options  outstanding  at  31  December  2022  has  an  exercise  price  of  HK$2.58, HK$6.00, HK$10.80 or HK$26.20 (2021: HK$1.80, HK$2.58, HK$6.00 or HK$10.80) and a weighted average remaining contractual life of 7.65 years (2021: 6.23 years).

## (c) Fair value of share options and assumptions:

The fair value of services received in return for share options granted is measured by reference to the fair value of share options granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share options granted is measure based on a binomial option-pricing model. The contractual life of the share option is used as an input into this model. Expectations of early exercise are incorporated into the binomial option-pricing model.

## 27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (v) Share options granted on 25 May 2022 (continued)

## (c) Fair value of share options and assumptions: (continued)

| Share options  granted on  20 January 2014  Share options  granted on  4 January 2018  Share options  granted on  18 July 2019  Share options  granted on  16 January 2020  Share options  granted on  25 May 2022  Fair value at measurement  date (expressed as weighted  average fair value under  binomial option-pricing  model)  HK$0.75  HK$0.87  HK$2.35  HK$4.42  HK$7.84  Share price  HK$1.63  HK$2.48  HK$5.71  HK$10.29  HK$26.20  Exercise price  HK$1.80  HK$2.58  HK$6.00  HK$10.80  HK$26.20  Expected volatility (expressed  as weighted average  volatility used in the  modelling under binomial  option-pricing model)  54.34%  48.08%  47.47%  48.08%  42.00%  Option life (expressed as  weighted average life used  in the modelling under  binomial option-pricing  model)  9.82 years  10.00 years  10.00 years  10.00 years  10.00 years  Expected dividends  2.02%  5.75%  2.38%  2.73%  2.68%  Risk-free interest rate (based  on HKMA Hong Kong  Exchange Fund Notes)  2.23%  1.85%  1.56%  1.57%  2.69%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (v) Share options granted on 25 May 2022 (continued)

## (c) Fair value of share options and assumptions: (continued)

The  expected  volatility  is  based  on  the  historic  volatility  (calculated  based  on  the weighted  average  remaining  life  of  the  share  options),  adjusted  for  any  expected changes to future volatility based on publicly available information. Expected dividends are  based  on  the  historical  earning  per  share  and  management's  estimation  of dividend payment. Changes in the subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.

Share  options  were  granted  under  a  service  condition.  This  condition  has  not  been taken into account in the grant date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions associated with the share option grants.

## 28 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

## (a) Current  taxation  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position represents:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At the beginning of the year  179,941  127,751  Acquisition through business combination  9,795  7,329  Provision for current income tax for the year  384,206  422,709  Payment during the year  (472,191)  (377,848)  At the end of the year  101,751  179,941   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)

## (b) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised

- (i) The  components  of  deferred  tax  assets/(liabilities)  recognised  in  the  consolidated statement of financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:

| Fair value  adjustment  arising from  business  combinations  Depreciation  charge of  right-of-use  assets  Unused tax  losses  Accruals  Inventory  provision  Distribution  of earnings  Depreciation  charge and  capitalised  interests of  property,  plant and  equipment  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Deferred tax (liabilities)/assets  arising from:  At 1 January 2021  (11,046)  39,153  10,881  14,678  -  -  774  54,440  Credited/(charged) to profit or  loss  (note 7(a))  4,631  9,871  (4,964)  14,058  -  -  (310)  23,286  Acquisition through business combination  (134,537)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (134,537)  At 31 December 2021  (140,952)  49,024  5,917  28,736  -  -  464  (56,811)  At 1 January 2022  (140,952)  49,024  5,917  28,736  -  -  464  (56,811)  Credited/(charged) to profit or loss  (note 7(a))  32,879  10,018  10,820  (18,906)  3,784  33,484  4,523  76,602  Acquisition through business combination  (note 32)  (768,776)  1,102  -  12,794  -  (33,484)  22,035  (766,329)  At 31 December 2022  (876,849)  60,144  16,737  22,624  3,784  -  27,022  (746,538)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred  tax  assets  in  respect  of  unused  tax  losses  are  related  to  subsidiaries  that were  established  in  recent  years,  which  are  progressing  to  their  normal  operating stage  and  are  expected  to  derive  profits  in  the  foreseeable  future.  Accordingly,  it is  considered  probable  that  sufficient  taxable  profits  will  be  available  to  utilise  their unused tax losses before they expire.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 28 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)

## (b) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised (continued)

## (ii) Reconciliation to consolidated statement of financial position:

| The Group  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Representing:  Net deferred tax assets  126,980  80,459  Net deferred tax liabilities  (873,518)  (137,270)  (746,538)  (56,811)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Deferred tax assets not recognised

In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(u), the Group has not recognised deferred  tax  assets  in  respect  of  cumulative  tax  losses  of  RMB19,060,000  (2021: RMB2,274,000) as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity before they expire. The PRC deductible tax losses in PRC expire within 5 years from the year when such losses were incurred. The tax losses incurred by MeiDong HK do not expire under current tax legislation.

## (d) Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

The  Corporate  Income  Tax  Law  of  the  PRC  and  its  relevant  regulations  also  impose a  withholding  tax  at  10%,  unless  reduced  by  a  tax  treaty/arrangement,  for  dividend distributions  out  of  earnings  of  PRC  enterprises  accumulated  beginning  on  1  January 2008.  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  is  entitled  to  the  reduced withholding  tax  rate  of  5%.  Undistributed  earnings  generated  prior  to  1  January  2008  are exempted from such withholding tax. The Group has not recognised deferred tax liabilities as at 31 December 2022 in respect of undistributed earnings of RMB2,994,562,000 (2021: RMB3,113,596,000) as the Company controls the dividend policy of the subsidiaries and it has been determined that these profits will not be distributable in the foreseeable future.

## 29 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

## (a) Movements in components of equity

The  reconciliation  between  the  opening  and  closing  balances  of  each  component  of  the Group's consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details  of  the  changes  in  the  Company's  individual  components  of  equity  between  the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

## The Company

| Share capital  Share premium  Capital  redemption  reserve  Capital  reserves  Retained  earnings  Exchange  reserve  Other  reserve  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Balance at 1 January 2021  99,245  790,545  986  21,955  101,878  -  -  1,014,609  Loss and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  -  (37,456)  -  -  (37,456)  Dividends declared and paid  (note 29(b))  -  (460,916)  -  -  -  -  -  (460,916)  Equity settled share-based  transactions  (note 27)  -  -  -  4,130  -  -  -  4,130  Issue of ordinary shares upon  exercise of share options  (note 27)  275  14,925  -  (4,096)  -  -  -  11,104  Balance at 31 December 2021  99,520  344,554  986  21,989  64,422  -  -  531,471  Balance at 1 January 2022  99,520  344,554  986  21,989  64,422  -  -  531,471  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  1,283,031  -  -  1,283,031  Other comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  -  -  127,320  -  127,320  Total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  -  1,283,031  127,320  -  1,410,351  Dividends declared and paid  (note 29(b))  -  (994,706)  -  -  -  -  -  (994,706)  Equity-settled share-based payment  (note 27)  -  -  -  31,548  -  -  -  31,548  Issue of ordinary shares upon exercise  of share options  (note 27)  533  24,659  -  (6,777)  -  -  -  18,415  Issuance of new shares, net of  issuance expense  (note 29(c)(ii))  1,835  626,980  -  -  -  -  -  628,815  Equity component of convertible  bonds  (note 26)  -  -  -  -  -  -  208,515  208,515  Balance at 31 December 2022  101,888  1,487  986  46,760  1,347,453  127,320  208,515  1,834,409   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

## (b) Dividends

## (i) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interim dividend for the year, approved and paid during  the year, of RMB0.0808 per ordinary share (2021:  RMB0.1293 per ordinary share)  103,055  160,986  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Final dividend proposed after the statement of financial  position date of RMB0.1170 per ordinary share  (2021: RMB0.6991 per ordinary share)  157,422  888,114   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The final dividend proposed after the statement of financial position date has not been recognised as a liability at the statement of financial position date.

## (ii) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial year, approved and paid during the year:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,  approved and paid during the year, of RMB0.6991  per ordinary share (2021: RMB0.241 per ordinary  share)  891,651  299,930   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iii) Other dividends

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  subsidiaries  of  the  Group  declared  and paid dividends of RMB32,783,000 (2021: RMB13,640,000) in cash to non-controlling interests.

## 29 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

## (c) Share capital

The share capital of the Group as at 31 December 2022 represented the amount of issued and paid-up capital of the Company with details set out below:

## Authorised:

| 2022  2021  Par value  Number of  shares  Nominal value of  ordinary shares  Number of  shares  Nominal value of  ordinary shares  Note  HK$  (thousand)  HK$'000  (thousand)  HK$'000  At 31 December  (i)  0.1  20,000,000  2,000,000  20,000,000  2,000,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:

| Number of  ordinary  shares  Nominal value  of ordinary  shares  Note  (thousand)  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  1,244,521  124,452  Issue of ordinary shares upon exercise of  share options  27  3,346  335  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  1,247,867  124,787  Issue of ordinary shares upon exercise of  share options  27  6,205  621  Placement of new shares  (ii)  22,500  2,250  At 31 December 2022  1,276,572  127,658  RMB equivalent ('000) at 31 December 2022  101,888  RMB equivalent ('000) at 31 December 2021  99,520   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 29 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

## (c) Share capital (continued)

## (i) Authorised share capital

The Company was incorporated on 24 February 2012 with an authorised share capital of HK$10,000,000 divided into 100,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each. Pursuant to  a  resolution  dated  16  October  2013  passed  by  its  sole  shareholder,  Apex  Sail, the  authorised  share  capital  of  the  Company  was  increased  from  HK$10,000,000  to HK$2,000,000,000 by the creation of 19,900,000,000 new share of HK$0.1 each.

## (ii) Placement of new shares

On  6  January  2022,  the  Company  placed  22,500,000  new  ordinary  shares  at  the subscription  price  of  HK$34.63  per  share.  The  gross  proceeds  of  HK$779,175,000 (equivalent  to  RMB635,460,000),  net  of  direct  share  placement  expenses  of HK$8,148,000  (equivalent  to  RMB6,645,000),  were  raised,  of  which  RMB1,835,000 and  RMB626,980,000  was  credited  to  share  capital  and  share  premium  account, respectively.

## (d) Nature and purpose of reserves

## (i) Share premium

Under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, the share premium account of the Company  is  distributable  to  the  equity  shareholders  of  the  Company  provided  that immediately  following  the  date  on  which  the  dividend  is  proposed  to  be  distributed, the Company would be in a position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

## (ii) Capital redemption reserve

Capital  redemption  reserve  represents  the  nominal  value  of  the  shares  repurchased which has been paid out of the share premium of the Company.

## 29 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

## (d) Nature and purpose of reserves (continued)

## (iii) Capital reserves

Capital reserve comprises the following:

- -contributions by the Controlling Shareholder at the respective dates;
- -balances  arising  from  transactions  with  owners  in  their  capacity  as  the  equity owners; and
- -the  portion  of  the  grant  date  fair  value  of  unexercised  share  options  granted to  employees  of  the  Group  that  has  been  recognised  in  accordance  with  the accounting policy adopted for share-based payments in note 2(t)(iii).

## (iv) PRC statutory reserve

Statutory  reserves  were  established  in  accordance  with  the  relevant  PRC  rules  and regulations  and  the  articles  of  association  of  the  companies  comprising  the  Group which  are  incorporated  in  the  PRC  until  the  reserve  balance  reaches  50%  of  their registered  capital.  The  transfer  to  this  reserve  must  be  made  before  distribution  of  a dividend to equity shareholders.

For the entity concerned, statutory reserves can be used to make good previous years' losses,  if  any,  and  may  be  converted  into  capital  in  proportion  to  the  existing  equity interests  of  equity  shareholders,  provided  that  the  balance  of  the  reserve  after  such conversion is not less than 25% of the entity's registered capital.

## (v) Exchange reserve

The  exchange  reserve  comprises  all  foreign  exchange  difference  arising  from  the translation of the financial statements of offshore companies with functional currency other than RMB. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 2(y).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 29 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

## (d) Nature and purpose of reserves (continued)

## (vi) Other reserve

Other reserve represents the amount allocated to the unexercised equity component of convertible bonds issued by the Group recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for convertible bonds in note 2(r).

## (e) Capital management

The Group's primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholder and benefits  for  other  stakeholders,  by  pricing  products  and  services  commensurately  with  the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.

The  Group  actively  and  regularly  reviews  and  manages  its  capital  structure  to  maintain  a balance  between  the  higher  shareholder  returns  that  might  be  possible  with  higher  levels of  borrowings  and  the  advantages  and  security  afforded  by  a  sound  capital  position,  and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.

The  Group  monitors  its  capital  structure  on  the  basis  of  an  adjusted  net  debt-to-capital ratio. For this purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as loans and borrowings, bills payable, convertible  bonds  and  lease  liabilities  plus  unaccrued  proposed  dividends,  less  pledged bank deposits, fixed deposits with more than three months to maturity and cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity less unaccrued proposed dividends.

During 2022, the Group's strategy, which was unchanged from 2021, was to maintain the adjusted  net  debt-to-capital  ratio  at  a  range  considered  reasonable  by  management.  In order to maintain or adjust the ratio, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares, return capital to shareholders, raise new debt financing or sell assets to reduce debt.

## 29 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (continued)

## (e) Capital management (continued)

The  Group's  adjusted  net  debt-to-capital  ratio  at  31  December  2022  and  2021  was  as follows:

| The Group  2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current liabilities:  Loans and borrowings  23  1,413,918  989,490  Bills payable  24  1,649,907  1,501,292  Lease liabilities  25  165,195  132,421  3,229,020  2,623,203  Non-current liabilities:  Loans and borrowings  23  492,813  299,388  Convertible bonds  26  2,274,932  -  Lease liabilities  25  1,290,624  1,159,972  Total debt  7,287,389  4,082,563  Add: Proposed dividends  29(b)  157,422  888,114  Less: Pledged bank deposits  21  (910,307)  (768,964)  Fixed deposits with more than three months to  maturity when placed  22(a)  (712,696)  -  Cash and cash equivalents  22(a)  (1,635,625)  (2,621,741)  Adjusted net debt  4,186,183  1,579,972  Total equity  4,433,780  4,116,593  Less: Proposed dividends  29(b)  (157,422)  (888,114)  Adjusted capital  4,276,358  3,228,479  Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio  0.98  0.49   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group is subject to capital requirements imposed by certain banks as disclosed in note 23(b)(i).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Exposure  to  credit,  liquidity,  interest  rate  and  currency  risks  arises  in  the  normal  course  of  the Group's business.

The Group's exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to manage these risks are described below.

## (a) Credit risk

Credit  risk  refers  to  the  risk  that  a  counterparty  will  default  on  its  contractual  obligations resulting  in  a  financial  loss  to  the  Group.  The  Group's  credit  risk  is  primarily  attributable to  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  pledged  bank  deposits,  time  deposits  and  trade  and  other receivables.

The Group's exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits  and  time  deposits  are  limited  because  the  counterparties  are  banks  and  financial institutions for which the Group considers to have low credit risk.

## Trade receivables

Credit  risk  in  respect  of  trade  receivables  is  limited  since  credit  sales  are  offered  in  rare cases  subject  to  high  level  management's  approval.  Trade  receivables  balances  mainly represent  mortgage  granted  by  major  financial  institutions  to  customers  of  the  Group, insurance  commission  receivables  from  insurance  companies  and  warranty  receivables from automobile manufacturers. The mortgage is normally settled within one month directly by  major  financial  institutions.  While  for  the  receivables  from  insurance  companies  and automobile  manufacturers,  risk  of  default  is  considered  low,  as  these  are  either  reputable companies  or  with  good  credit  rating.  Based  on  past  experience,  the  Group  was  of  the opinion that no provision for impairment was necessary in respect of these balances as there has  not  been  a  significant  change  in  credit  quality  and  the  balances  are  considered  fully recoverable. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

At the end of the reporting period, 41% (2021: 52%) and 10% (2021: 16%) of the total trade receivables  were  due  from  the  Group's  five  largest  debtors  and  the  largest  single  debtor respectively.

The  Group  measures  loss  allowances  for  trade  receivables  at  an  amount  equal  to  lifetime ECLs.  The  Group  assessed  that  there  is  no  significant  loss  allowance  recognised  in accordance with HKFRS 9 for trade receivables as at 31 December 2022.

## 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## (a) Credit risk (continued)

## Prepayments and other receivables and deposits

Credit risk in respect of prepayments and other receivables and deposits is limited since the counterparties are mainly reputable automobile manufacturers.

The Group measures loss allowances for prepayments and other receivables and deposits at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk since  initial  recognition,  in  which  case  the  loss  allowance  is  measured  at  an  amount  equal to lifetime ECLs. The Group assessed that there is no significant loss allowance recognised in  accordance with HKFRS 9 for prepayments and other receivables and deposits as at 31 December 2022.

## (b) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.

The  Group's  approach  to  managing  liquidity  is  to  ensure,  as  far  as  possible,  that  it  will always  have  sufficient  liquidity  to  meet  its  liabilities  when  due,  under  both  normal  and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.

The  Group's  policy  is  to  regularly  monitor  liquidity  requirements,  and  to  ensure  that  it maintains  sufficient  reserves  of  cash  and  adequate  committed  lines  of  funding  from  major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

The  following  tables  show  the  remaining  contractual  maturities  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period of the Group's financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows  (including  interest  payments  computed  using  contractual  rates  or,  if  floating,  based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## (b) Liquidity risk (continued)

| At 31 December 2022  Contractual undiscounted cash outflow  Within  1 year or  on demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 year but  less than  5 years  More than  5 years  Total  Balance  sheet  carrying  amount  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loans and borrowings  1,479,025  311,268  208,543  774  1,999,610  1,906,731  Trade and other payables  3,192,872  -  -  -  3,192,872  3,192,872  Convertible bonds  -  -  2,747,268  -  2,747,268  2,274,932  Lease liabilities  210,745  218,777  658,176  1,691,991  2,779,689  1,455,819  4,882,642  530,045  3,613,987  1,692,765  10,719,439  8,830,354  Financial guarantee issued:  Maximum amount guaranteed:  210,000  -  -  -  210,000  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## (b) Liquidity risk (continued)

| At 31 December 2021  Contractual undiscounted cash outflow  Within  1 year or  on demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 year but  less than  5 years  More than  5 years  Total  Balance  sheet  carrying  amount  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loans and borrowings  1,032,617  174,520  140,913  2,304  1,350,354  1,288,878  Trade and other payables  2,787,598  -  -  -  2,787,598  2,787,598  Lease liabilities  132,421  139,288  441,658  1,188,177  1,901,544  1,292,393  3,952,636  313,808  582,571  1,190,481  6,039,496  5,368,869  Financial guarantee issued:  Maximum amount guaranteed:  210,000  -  -  -  210,000  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## (c) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group's interest rate risk arises primarily from cash at bank, pledged bank deposits and interest-bearing borrowings. These financial instruments issued at variable rates and fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk and fair value interest rate risk respectively. The Group's interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out in (i) below.

## (i) Interest rate profile

Cash at bank, pledged bank deposits, fixed deposits with more than three months to maturity and interest-bearing borrowings are the major types of the Group's financial instruments subject to interest rate risk. Cash at bank, fixed deposits with more than three  months  to  maturity  and  pledged  bank  deposits  are  with  fixed  interest  rates ranging from 0.25% to 5.53% per annum as at 31 December 2022 (2021: 0.30% to 1.73%).

The Group's interest-bearing borrowings and interest rates at the end of the reporting period are set out as follows:

| 2022  2021  Effective  interest rate  Effective  interest rate  %  RMB'000  %  RMB'000  Fixed rate borrowings  Bank loans  3.27 - 6.18  1,674,963  3.55 - 7.68  802,048  Borrowings from other financial institutions  7.02 - 8.50  1,227  7.02 - 8.50  11,308  Convertible bonds  4.73  2,274,932  n/a  -  Lease liabilities  4.81 - 7.05  1,455,819  4.81 - 7.05  1,292,393  5,406,941  2,105,749  Variable rate borrowings  Bank loans  3.26 - 7.83  186,419  3.27 - 7.84  364,910  Borrowings from other financial institutions  4.70 - 7.68  44,122  7.68 - 8.50  110,612  230,541  475,522  5,637,482  2,581,271   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## (c) Interest rate risk (continued)

## (ii) Sensitivity analysis

The Group does not account for any fixed rate borrowings at fair value through profit or loss. Therefore a change in interest rate at the reporting date would not affect profit or loss.

The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group's profit after tax (and  retained  profits)  and  other  components  of  consolidated  equity  that  would  arise assuming that  the  change  in  interest  rates  had  occurred  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period  and  had  been  applied  to  re-measure  those  financial  instruments  held  by the  Group  which  expose  the  Group  to  fair  value  interest  rate  risk  at  the  end  of  the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period,  the  impact  on  the  Group's  profit  after  tax  (and  retained  profits)  and  other components of consolidated equity is estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates. The analysis is performed on the same basis as 2021.

| Increase/  (decrease)  in basis points  (Decrease)/  increase in profit  after tax and  retained profits  for the year  RMB'000  At 31 December 2022  Basis points  100  1,729  Basis points  (100)  (1,729)  At 31 December 2021  Basis points  100  (4,641)  Basis points  (100)  4,641   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## (d) Currency risk

The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through financing activities which give rise to  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  loans  and  borrowings  that  are  denominated  in  a  foreign currency,  ie.  a  currency  other  than  the  functional  currency  of  the  operations  to  which  the transactions relate. The currency giving rise to the risk is primarily Renminbi Yuan.

The  following  table  details  the  Group's  exposure  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  to currency  risk  arising  from  recognised  assets  or  liabilities  denominated  in  a  currency  other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in Renminbi, translated using the spot rate at the yearend date.

| Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in Renminbi)  2022  2021  Renminbi*  Hong Kong  Dollars  United States  Dollars  Hong Kong  Dollars  United States  Dollars  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash and cash equivalents  1,412  -  754,535  732,433  16  Loans and borrowings  (95,625)  -  -  (430,000)  -  Net exposure arising from  recognised assets and  liabilities  (94,213)  -  754,535  302,433  16   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## (d) Currency risk (continued)

The  following  table  indicates  the  instantaneous  change  in  the  Group's  profit  after  tax  (and retained profits) that would arise if foreign exchange rate to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant.

| 2022  2021  Increase/  (decrease)  in foreign  exchange rate  Increase/  (Decrease)  in profit  after tax and  retained profits  Increase/  (decrease)  in foreign  exchange rate  Increase/  (Decrease)  in profit  after tax and  retained profits  RMB'000  RMB'000  Hong Kong Dollars  10%  -  5%  15,122  (10)%  -  (5)%  (15,122)  United States Dollars  10%  75,454  5%  1  (10)%  (75,454)  (5)%  (1)  Renminbi  10%  (9,421)  5%  N/A*  (10)%  9,421  (5)%  N/A*   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Results  of  the  analysis  as  presented  in  the  above  table  represent  an  aggregation  of  the instantaneous effects on each of the Group entities' profit after tax and equity measured in the respective functional currencies, translated into RMB at the exchange rate ruling at the end of reporting period for presentation purposes.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## (d) Currency risk (continued)

The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to  re-measure  those  financial  instruments  held  by  the  Group  which  expose  the  Group  to foreign  currency  risk  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  The  analysis  excludes  differences that would result from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group's presentation currency. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2021.

* No  currency  risk  is  identified  for  those  monetary  assets  or  liabilities  denominated  in Renminbi which are in the functional currency of the relevant group entities as at 31 December 2021.

## (e) Fair value measurement

At 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, all of the Group's financial instruments were carried at cost or amortised cost not materially different from their fair value.

## 31 COMMITMENTS

Capital  commitments  outstanding  at  31  December  2022  not  provided  for  in  the  consolidated financial statements were as follows:

| The Group  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Contracted for  1,283  90,965   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32 ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

On  13  December  2021,  the  Group  entered  into  a  share  purchase  agreement  with  a  third  party, namely  Wearnes-StarChase  Limited,  pursuant  to  which  the  Group  conditionally  agreed  to acquire  all  issued  shares  of  Starchase  Motorsports  Limited.  The  Company  obtained  the  control of  Starchase  Motorsports  Limited  on  29  April  2022.  The  transaction  was  completed  with  a  total consideration of RMB3,700,000,000.

## 32 ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

Starchase Motorsports Limited is an investment holding company. Starchase Motorsports Limited and its subsidiaries (together, the ' Starchase Group ')  are  principally  engaged  in  4S  dealerships business  in  the  PRC.  The  acquisition  was  accounted  for  under  the  acquisition  method.  The acquisition of Starchase Group was aimed at allowing the Group to extend its network of high-end dealerships business and generate more revenue.

## (i) The acquisition had the following effect on the Group's assets and liabilities:

| Pre-  acquisition  Carrying  amount  Fair value  adjustment  Recognised  value on  acquisition  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Car dealerships  (note 14)  -  3,062,512  3,062,512  Land use right  (note 13)  45,606  12,594  58,200  Property, plant and equipment  (note 12)  485,582  -  485,582  Other net identifiable assets  34,214  -  34,214  Deferred tax assets  35,931  -  35,931  Deferred tax liabilities  (note 28(b))  (33,484)  (768,776)  (802,260)  Net identified assets  567,849  2,306,330  2,874,179  Percentage attributable to the Group  100%  Net identified assets attributable to the Group  2,874,179  Goodwill  (note 18)  825,821  Total consideration in cash  3,700,000  Analysis of the net cash flow in respect  of the acquisition  Less: cash consideration paid in 2021  (350,000)  Less: cash acquired  (690,537)  Net cash outflow in acquisition  2,659,463   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 32 ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

## (i) The  acquisition  had  the  following  effect  on  the  Group's  assets  and  liabilities: (continued)

Pre-acquisition carrying amounts were determined based on applicable HKFRSs immediately before the acquisition. The values of assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities recognised on acquisition are their estimated fair values.

Acquisition-related  costs  of  RMB15,538,000  had  been  charged  to  administrative  expenses in  the  consolidated  statement  of  comprehensive  income  for  the  year  ended  31  December 2022.

The  goodwill  recognised  is  primarily  attributed  to  the  expected  business  synergies  arising from the acquisition.

The revenue and profit that Starchase Group contributed to the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 are RMB4,895,395,000 and RMB208,610,000 respectively.

Had  the  acquisition  occurred  on  1  January  2022,  management  estimates  that  the Group's  consolidated  revenue  and  consolidated  profit  for  the  year  would  have  been RMB30,368,977,000 and RMB579,966,000, respectively.

## 33 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of 31 December 2022, certain subsidiaries of the Group are respondents in several legal dispute cases in relation to certain investments made before 2022. While the arbitrations are still ongoing and  the  future  development  cannot  be  estimated  with  certainty,  the  directors  of  the  Company, having given due consideration to the legal advice and the relevant facts and circumstances, are of the opinion that it is not probable that the Group will need to make payments to the claimants. Therefore, no provision has been made in respect of those cases as at 31 December 2022.

As of 31 December 2022, except for the aforementioned contingencies associated with those legal dispute cases, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.

## 34 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  directors  are  of  the  view  that  the  following companies are related parties of the Group:

| Name of party  Relationship  Ye Fan  葉帆  Controlling Shareholder  Ye Tao  葉濤  Close family member of the  Controlling Shareholder  Guangdong Dadong Automotive Group Co., Ltd.  ('  Dadong Group  ')  廣東大東汽車集團有限公司  Controlled by the  Controlling Shareholder  Dongguan Meidong  東莞美東汽車服務有限公司  Joint venture  Apex Sail  Immediate parent company   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes: The English translation of the company names is for reference only. The official names of the companies established in the PRC are in Chinese.

## (a) Recurring transactions

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Short-term rental expense:  Dadong Group  540  2,490  Management service income:  Dongguan Meidong  5,063  12,100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company's  directors  are  of  the  opinion  that  the  above  related  party  transactions were conducted on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to or from independent third parties and in the ordinary course of business.

## 34 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (b) Non-recurring transactions

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Sales of passenger vehicles:  Dongguan Meidong  44,654  12,932  Purchases of passenger vehicles:  Dongguan Meidong  60,061  13,320  Repayment of advances from a related party  Ye Fan  3,641  -  Advance from a related party:  Ye Fan  -  4,685   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Balances with related parties

At 31 December 2022, the Group had the following balances with related parties:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Other receivables due from:  Dongguan Meidong  1,719  4,864  Other payables due to:  Dadong Group  1,404  684  Ye Fan  6,709  10,350  8,113  11,034   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts due from/to related parties are unsecured, interest free and have no fixed terms of repayment.

## 34 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (d) Guarantees and securities issued by related parties

| At  31 December  2022  At  31 December  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Guarantees issued by related parties in respect of  loans and borrowings borrowed by the Group:  - Ye Fan (i)  1,601,335  1,203,942  - Dadong Group (ii)  15,300  17,300  1,616,635  1,221,242  Guarantees issued by a related party in respect of  bills issued by the Group:  - Ye Fan (iii)  1,370,946  1,007,416   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Loans  and  borrowings  of  RMB1,601,335,000  as  at  31  December  2022  (31  December  2021: RMB1,203,942,000) were guaranteed by Mr. Ye Fan.

(ii) Loans and borrowings of RMB15,300,000 as at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: RMB17,300,000) were guaranteed by Dadong Group.

(iii) Bills  payable  of  RMB1,370,946,000  as  at  31  December  2022  (31  December  2021:  RMB1,007,416,000) were guaranteed by Mr. Ye Fan.

## (e) Guarantees issued by the Group

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Guarantees issued by the Group in respect of financial  facilities granted to a related party:  - Dongguan Meidong  80,000  80,000  Guarantees issued by the Group in respect of bank  loans and borrowings granted to a related party:  - Dongguan Meidong  130,000  130,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (f) Key management personnel remuneration

Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company's directors  as  disclosed  in  note  8  and  certain  of  the  highest  paid  employees  as disclosed in note 9, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Short-term employee benefits  22,974  17,518  Equity compensation benefits  4,750  2,877  27,724  20,395   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total remuneration is included in staff costs (see note 6(b)).

## (g) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

The  related  party  transactions  in  respect  of  rental  expense  and  financial  assistance  as disclosed above constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. However those transactions are exempt from the disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The  related  party  transactions  in  respect  of  management  service  income  as  disclosed above  do  not  fall  under  the  definition  of  connected  transactions  or  continuing  connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## 35 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

| Note  31 December  2022  31 December  2021  Non-current assets  Interests in a subsidiary  4,242,633  304,725  Long-term receivables  11,686  14,643  Other non-current assets  4,742  350,000  4,259,061  669,368  Current assets  Other receivables  9,682  16,300  Fixed deposits with more than three months  to maturity when placed  712,696  -  Cash and cash equivalents  106,905  470,211  829,283  486,511  Current liabilities  Other payables  436,743  153,310  Loans and borrowings  470,541  375,474  907,284  528,784  Non-current liabilities  Convertible bonds  (i)  2,274,932  -  Loans and borrowings  71,719  95,624  2,346,651  95,624  Net current liabilities  (78,001)  (42,273)  Total assets less current liabilities  4,181,060  627,095  NET ASSETS  1,834,409  531,471  EQUITY  29  Share capital  101,888  99,520  Reserves  1,732,521  431,951  TOTAL EQUITY  1,834,409  531,471   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) The directors consider that, the Company assumed from Sail Vantage Limited the obligations to redeem and convert the Convertible Bonds (see note 26).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 36 NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

## (a) Final dividend

After the end of the reporting period, the directors proposed a final dividend. Further details are disclosed in note 29(b).

## (b) Placement of new shares

On 4 January 2023, the Company agreed to issue 68,000,000 new ordinary shares at the subscription  price  of  HK$15.05  per  share.  The  Company  completed  the  allotment  on  17 January  2023  and  received  approximately  HK$1,012  million  after  deducting  the  relevant placement costs.

## 37 IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY

At 31 December 2022, the directors consider the immediate parent of the Group to be Apex Sail, which is incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, and the ultimate controlling party of the Group to be Mr. Ye Fan.

## 38 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2022 and which have  not  been  adopted  in  these  financial  statements.  These  developments  include  the  following which may be relevant to the Group.

| Effective for accounting  periods beginning on or after  HKFRS17, Insurance contracts  1 January 2023  Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements:  Classification of liabilities as current or non-current  1 January 2023  Amendments to HKAS1, Presentation of financial statements  and HKFRS Practice Statement 2, Making materiality  judgements: Disclosure of accounting policies  1 January 2023  Amendments to HKAS8, Accounting policies, change in  accounting estimates and errors: Definition of accounting  estimates  1 January 2023  Amendments to HKAS12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related  to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction  1 January 2023   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

## RESULTS

| Year ended 31 December  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  11,067,424  16,210,019  20,207,446  23,576,689  28,654,734  Profit before taxation  491,234  757,411  1,052,220  1,612,763  863,540  Taxation  (127,780)  (199,884)  (281,642)  (399,423)  (307,604)  Profit for the year  363,454  557,527  770,578  1,213,340  555,936  Profit attributable to equity  shareholders of the Company  362,929  550,811  750,558  1,165,640  521,029  Non-controlling interests  525  6,716  20,020  47,700  34,907  Profit for the year  363,454  557,527  770,578  1,213,340  555,936  Earnings per share  Basic (RMB cents)  31.57  47.67  62.19  93.62  40.93  Diluted (RMB cents)  31.41  47.27  61.36  92.38  40.61   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

| As at 31 December  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Total Assets  4,174,516  5,924,920  7,770,349  9,802,673  14,239,403  Total Liabilities  (2,774,280)  (4,155,572)  (4,425,774)  (5,686,080)  (9,805,623)  1,400,236  1,769,348  3,344,575  4,116,593  4,433,780  Equity attributable to equity  shareholders of the Company  1,379,420  1,711,587  3,226,666  3,946,624  4,275,026  Non-controlling interests  20,816  57,761  117,909  169,969  158,754  Total Equity  1,400,236  1,769,348  3,344,575  4,116,593  4,433,780   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|