<!-- image -->

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) Stock Code 8087

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Dooo

;

1

1

8

488

;

;

8

8

'234

ONLINE ADVERTISING

## CHARACTERISTICS  OF  GEM  OF  THE  STOCK  EXCHANGE  OF  HONG  KONG  LIMITED  (THE  'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to  which  a  higher  investment  risk  may  be  attached  than  other  companies  listed  on  the  Stock Exchange.  Prospective  investors  should  be  aware  of  the  potential  risks  of  investing  in  such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.

Given  that  the  companies  listed  on  GEM  are  generally  small  and  mid-sized  companies,  there is  a  risk  that  securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main Board and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This  report  for  which  the  directors  (the  'Directors')  of  China  33  Media  Group  Limited  (the  'Company') collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the 'GEM Listing Rules') for the purpose of  giving  information  with  regard  to  the  Company.  The  Directors,  having  made  all  reasonable  enquiries, confirm that to the best of their  knowledge and belief,  the  information  contained  in  this  report  is  accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

| Corporate Information  3  Chairman's Statement  5  Management Discussion and Analysis  6  Corporate Governance Report  10  Environmental, Social and Governance Report  22  Biographical Details of Directors and  Senior Management  37  Report of the Directors  39  Independent Auditor's Report  54  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and  Other Comprehensive Income  60  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  61  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  62  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  63  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  65  Five Year Financial Summary  134   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Ruan Deqing (Chairman) Mr. Peng Lichun (resigned on 14 June 2022) Mr. Ma Pun Fai

## Independent non-executive Directors

Ms. Tay Sheve Li Mr. Yau Kit Yu Ms. Lam Man Chi

## AUDITOR

McM (HK) CPA Limited 24/F, Siu On Centre 188 Lockhart Road Wanchai, Hong Kong

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Ruan Deqing Mr. Yeung Man Sun (resigned on 14 June 2022) Mr. Lam Chee Sum Eddie (appointed on 14 June 2022)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Yeung Man Sun (resigned on 14 June 2022) Mr. Lam Chee Sum Eddie (appointed on 14 June 2022)

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr. Ruan Deqing

## AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBERS

Ms. Tay Sheve Li (Chairperson) Mr. Yau Kit Yu Ms. Lam Man Chi

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE MEMBERS

Ms. Tay Sheve Li (Chairperson) Mr. Ruan Deqing Ms. Lam Man Chi

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE MEMBERS

Ms. Lam Man Chi (Chairperson) Mr. Peng Lichun (resigned on 14 June 2022) Mr. Ma Pun Fai (appointed on 14 June 2022) Ms. Tay Sheve Li

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square Hutchins Drive PO Box 2681 Grand Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE IN THE PRC

Unit 410-412, 4/F., One Indigo, 20 Jiuxianqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG REGISTERED UNDER PART XI OF THE COMPANIES ORDINANCE

Unit 807, 8/F., Tower 1 Silvercord 30 Canton Road Tsimshatsui Hong Kong

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Bank of Communications Co., Ltd Bank of China (HK) Limited China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Investor Services Limited 17/F, Far East Finance Center 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Suntera (Cayman) Limited Suite 3204, Unit 2A Block 3, Building D P.O. Box 1586 Gardenia Court Camana Bay Grand Cayman, KY1-1110 Cayman Islands

## WEBSITE ADDRESS

http://www.china33media.com

## STOCK CODE

8087

Dear Shareholders,

I  hereby  present  the  audited  annual  results  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively,  the  'Group') for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  (the  'Year').  During  the  Year,  the  Group  principally  engaged  in  the provision  of  outdoor  and  digital  advertising  services,  film  and  entertainment  investment  and  prepaid  card business.

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

During  the  Year,  the  Group's  revenue  decreased  from  approximately  RMB97,941,000  to  approximately RMB71,049,000,  representing  a  decrease  of  approximately  27.5%  as  compared  to  last  year,  on  account  of the  decreased  revenue  contributed  by  the  outdoor  and  digital  advertising  business.  During  the  Year,  the total  comprehensive  expense  for  the  year  attributable  to  the  owner  of  the  Company  was  approximately RMB44,453,000,  representing  a  decrease  of  approximately  RMB66,011,000  or  59.8%  from  RMB110,464,000 as  compared  to  last  year,  which  was  mainly  due  to  the  decrease  in  the  provision  for  film  rights  and  the impairment for prepayments for film and entertainment business recognized during the Year.

## PROSPECTS

Looking  ahead,  the  Group  will  continue  to  focus  on  the  business  development  of  outdoor  and  digital advertising  business  and  prepaid  card  business.  Although  the  COVID-19  pandemic  subsides  and  Mainland China  has  opened  its  borders,  the  pace  of  economic  recovery  remains  uncertain  and  the  business environment and the financial performance of the Group may continue to be affected in the year of 2023. The Group is actively looking for business opportunities in order to achieve sustainable growth, strengthen cost control and adopt appropriate measures to develop our businesses in the year ahead.

## ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

On behalf of the board (the 'Board') of Directors, I would like to thank the management and all the staff for their  hard  work  and  dedication  to  the  Group,  as  well  as  the  shareholders  and  customers  for  their  support over the years. The management is confident in achieving better results in the future, creating added value for the Group, shareholders and all staff.

## Ruan Deqing

Chairman

Hong Kong, 31 March 2023

## BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

The  principal  business  of  the  Group  during  the  Year  included  outdoor  and  digital  advertising,  film  and entertainment  investment  and  prepaid  card  business.  The  Group's  total  revenue  for  the  Year  amounted to  approximately  RMB71,049,000,  representing  a  decrease  of  approximately  RMB26,892,000  or  27.5% as  compared  to  approximately  RMB97,941,000  for  last  year,  mainly  contributed  by  the  decrease  in  sales demand, in particular outdoor and digital advertising business, as the COVID-19 pandemic continues and the fierce competition in the industry which led to reduced number of customers.

Overall  gross  profit  increased  by  approximately  RMB1,508,000  or  11.9%  to  approximately  RMB14,195,000 for  the Year from approximately RMB12,687,000 for last year. The gross profit margin for the current period increased to 20.0% from 13.0% in last year. The Group recorded a total comprehensive expense for the year attributable to the owners of the Company of approximately RMB44,453,000 during the Year, representing a decrease  of  approximately  RMB66,011,000  or  59.8%  when  compared  to  approximately  RMB110,464,000  for last year. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the provision for film rights and the impairment for prepayment for film and entertainment business recognized during the Year.

## Printed Media Advertising

Revenue  from  printed  media  advertising  mainly  represented  the  amount  generated  from  the  sales  of  the advertising  space  on  the  periodicals  and  was  recognised  upon  the  publication  of  the  periodicals  in  which the  respective  advertisement  was  placed.  ' 旅伴 '  (Fellow  Traveller)  is  a  monthly  nationwide  periodicals distributed on China Railway High-speed trains and selected regular trains in the People's Republic of China. With phasing out of the printed media advertising, no revenue was generated during the Year (2021: Nil).

## Outdoor and Digital Advertising

Revenue  from  outdoor  advertising  represented  the  advertising  income  generated  from  the  sales  of advertising  spaces on the billboards and LEDs installed at certain selected train stations and revenue from promotion  campaign  conducted  in  some  train  stations.  Revenue  was  recognised  when  advertising  was published or station campaigns were launched.

Revenue from digital advertising was recognized when advertising was published, and the income was based on the marketing value generated through the recognition of transaction volume, service fees for advertising design, analysis, planning and other services provided in the process.

Revenue  from  outdoor  and  digital  advertising  decreased  by  approximately  RMB23,828,000  or  40.2%  from approximately RMB59,309,000 for last year to approximately RMB35,481,000 for the Year. It was mainly due to the fierce competition in the industry which led to decrease in number of customers.

Segment  results  of  outdoor  and  digital  advertising  business  turnaround  from  a  segment  profit  of approximately RMB2,935,000 for last year to a segment loss of approximately RMB2,446,000 during the Year. The turnaround was due to lower revenue recognised during the Year.

## Film and Entertainment Investment

Revenue  from  film  and  entertainment  investment  represents  profit  sharing  on  box  office  of  movies  and concerts  and  distribution  income  of  film  rights  and  television  drama.  Revenue  from  the  distribution  of  film rights  and  entertainment  was  recognised  when  (i)  the  Group's  entitlement  to  such  payments  has  been established  which  was  upon  the  delivery  of  the  master  copy  or  materials  to  the  customers,  and  (ii)  the collectability of proceeds was reasonably assured.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Revenue from film and entertainment investment decreased by approximately RMB2,371,000 or 14.4% from approximately RMB16,501,000 for last year to RMB14,130,000 for the Year. The frequency of income from film and entertainment investment was highly dependent on the production status and the market trend for the respective periods.

Segment loss from film and entertainment business for the Year amounted to approximately RMB47,999,000, representing  a  decrease  of  approximately  RMB52,248,000  or  52.1%  as  compared  to  that  of  last  year. The  decrease  was  mainly  attributable  to  the  decrease  in  the  impairment  for  prepayment  for  film  and entertainment business and the provision for film rights recognized during the Year as compared to that of last year.

The  film  industry  in  the  PRC  has  been  affected  by  the  PRC's  tax  authority  in  reinforcing  tax  practices.  The tightened tax practice affected the entire film industry's current operation, in particular, some film production companies  have  cancelled  or  postponed  their  film  projects,  some  film  production  companies  have  gone out  of  business  while  some  of  the  actors/actresses  were  affected  by  the  tightened  tax  practices.  As  the Group's films under production normally targeted Chinese actors/actresses and the leading role in the films and  production  mainly  took  place  in  the  PRC,  management  expected  the  production  of  these  films  would be challenging in the near future. Coupled with the impact of COVID-19 and social distancing measures, the Group observed several film productions were delayed significantly. The impact of these factors last longer than  initially  anticipated  in  previous  years.  Management  also  observed  that  certain  delayed  films  are  of genres which were no longer preferred by the Group's target customers since the original expected date of film completion. On top of that, the film and entertainment industry has been changed during the pandemic, companies  that  engaged  in  online  streaming  platforms  and  film  production  have  been  rapidly  expanding globally. The film and entertainment investment business is capital intensive, it is challenging for the Group to  compete  with  those  competitors  who  could  devote  more  resources.  The  capital  market  has  became more rational in its  investments  in  the  film  industry  since  the  risks  in  the  film  and  television  industry  have increased  significantly  given  the  international  and  the  PRC  environment,  technological  changes,  regulatory systems,  and  changes  in  the  social  environment.  As  a  result,  a  number  of  small  to  medium-sized  film production companies were facing severe financial difficulties or even closed down.

In  line  with  the  industry  norm,  the  Group is required to contribute investment amount at the early stage of the production, so as to support the upfront costs required during the production process. The prepayments primarily represent production costs, design and promotion fees prepaid to the relevant independent thirdparty service providers. The Group has assessed the creditworthiness of all service providers before entering into agreements with them.

The  recognition  of  the  provision  for  film  rights  and  impairment  for  prepayment  was  mainly  due  to the  uncertainty  on  recoverability  of  the  prepayments  made  to  certain  production  companies  who  are independent  third  parties  and  the  unfavorable  expected  results  of  film  rights.  The  management  identified that  certain  production  companies  that  the  Company  signed  contract  with  are  having  financial  difficulties or  have  gone  out  of  business.  In  addition,  the  management  observed  several  film  productions  were delayed significantly or might generate far below income as initially expected, the management must make the  rationale  decision  to  cut  further  loss  or  cease  further  investment  on  those  film  productions.  Annual assessment  on  the  progress  of  utilization  and  the  recoverability  of  the  prepayments  as  well  as  the  future economic  benefits  of  the  film  rights  were  made.  The  Group  has  issued  demand  letters  for  the  remaining balance of prepayments and has been negotiating with the production companies for the repayment plans. At  the  same  time,  the  Group  has  been  seeking  legal  opinion  and  would  take  legal  action  against  those companies if  no  positive  results  on  the  repayment  arises. The  Group  will  continue  to  use  its  best  effort  to liaise with those companies in order to recover the prepayments.

Management will continue to review the business strategy of this segment in order to optimize the financial resources of the Group.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Prepaid Card

The  Group  obtained  the  Stored  Value  Facilities  License  ('SVF  License')  in  November  2016.  Revenue  from prepaid card business mainly represents the transaction fees recognised when the prepaid cardholders made payments of fares using the prepaid card and the card related fees when the service was provided.

Revenue  from  prepaid  card  business  slightly  decreased  by  approximately  RMB693,000  or  3.1%  from approximately RMB22,131,000 for last year to approximately RMB21,438,000 for the Year.

Segment  profit  from  the  prepaid  card  business  decreased  by  approximately  RMB1,932,000  or  48.7%  from RMB3,964,000  for  last  year  to  approximately  RMB2,032,000  for  the  Year.  It  was  mainly  contributed  by  the decreased revenue and higher administrative costs incurred during the Year.

## Other Income

Other  income  mainly  consists  of  bank  interest  income,  government  grant  and  income  received  from managing a prepaid card sales counter for a co-branded partner. Other income increased from approximately RMB2,265,000  for  last  year  to  approximately  RMB4,687,000  for  the  Year,  representing  an  increase  of approximately RMB2,422,000 or 106.9%. The increase was mainly contributed by the increased time deposit interest income.

## Cost of Sales

Cost  of  sales  mainly  consists  of  production  cost  for  film  and  entertainment  projects,  agency  fee  for advertising medium, prepaid card transaction processing costs and direct labor cost. Cost of sales decreased from approximately RMB85,254,000 for last year to RMB56,854,000 for the Year, representing a decrease of approximately 33.3%. The decrease was in line with the decrease in revenue for the Year.

## Selling and Distribution Expenses

Selling  and  distribution  expenses  mainly  include  advertising  expenses,  salaries,  commissions  to  sales staff  and  travelling  and  related  expenses.  It  accounted  for  approximately  4.8%  and  1.9%  of  the  Group's total  revenue  for  the  years  ended  31  December  2021  and  2022,  respectively.  The  amount  decreased  by approximately 71.8% from approximately RMB4,715,000 for last year to approximately RMB1,329,000 for the Year, which was mainly due to the implementation of cost control measures during the Year.

## Administrative Expenses

Administrative  expenses  mainly  consists  of  salaries,  depreciation  of  fixed  assets,  rental  expense  and  legal and  professional  fees.  Administrative  expenses  increased  by  approximately  30.6%  from  approximately RMB28,061,000 for last year to approximately RMB36,647,000 for the Year. The increase was mainly due to the share-based payment expenses and higher corporate expenses incurred.

## Other Gains and Losses

Other  gains  and  losses  turnaround  from  other  gains  of  approximately  RMB4,740,000  for  last  year  to  other losses of approximately RMB8,339,000 for the Year. It was mainly due to the fair value loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss recognised during the Year.

## Income Tax Expense

No income tax expense was recognized for the Year (2021: nil).

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's cash and cash equivalents, including bank balances and cash on hand, amounted to approximately RMB2,941,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB9,888,000 or 77.1%, as compared to approximately RMB12,829,000 as at 31 December 2021.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

As at 31 December 2022, the current ratio was approximately 1.23 (2021: 1.51) and the gearing ratio of the Group was approximately 0.33 (2021: 0.17) which was calculated based on the Group's net debt divided by the equity attributable to owners of the Company plus net debt. The Group satisfied its working capital needs principally from internally generated cash flow from operating activities.

## PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As at 31 December 2022, none of the assets of the Group has been pledged to secure any loan granted to the Group (31 December 2021: approximately RMB2,760,000 of pledged bank deposit was pledged to secure bank facilities).

## RESTRICTED CASH

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has  approximately  RMB233,463,000  (2021:  RMB175,122,000)  monies received  from  sale  and  reloading  of  prepaid  cards  maintained  in  one  or  more  segregated  bank  accounts. The  increase  in  restricted  cash  by  approximately  33.3%  when  compared  to  last  year's  was  contributed  by increase in the amount of prepaid cards sold.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities (2021: Nil).

## CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any significant capital commitments (2021: Nil).

## CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Details of the Company's share capital are set out in note 25 to the consolidated financial statement in this annual report.

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

The Group mainly operates in the PRC and Hong Kong with most of the transactions settled in Renminbi and Hong Kong Dollars. The Group's cash and bank deposits are mainly denominated in Hong Kong Dollars and Renminbi. The Directors consider that the Group's risk in foreign exchange is insignificant.  During  the Year, the Group did not hedge any exposure in foreign currency risk.

## HUMAN RESOURCES

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  employed  a  total  of  28  employees  (2021:  39  employees)  situated  in  the PRC and Hong Kong. The Group's emolument policy is formulated based on industry practices and performance of  individual  employees.  During  the  Year  under  review,  the  total  staff  costs  (including  Directors'  emoluments) amounted to approximately RMB13,526,000 (2021: RMB11,105,000).

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSALS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENT OR CAPITAL ASSETS

The  Group  had  no  significant  investments,  material  acquisition  or  disposal  of  subsidiaries,  associates  and joint ventures during the Year. The Group has no specific plan for material investments or capital assets as at 31 December 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

Recognising  the  importance  of  a  listed  company's  responsibilities  to  enhance  its  transparency  and accountability,  the  Company  is  committed  to  maintain  a  high  standard  of  corporate  governance  in  the interests of its shareholders. The Company's corporate governance practices are based on the principles of good corporate governance as set out in the Corporate Governance Code in Appendix 15 to the GEM Listing Rules  (the 'CG  Code'). To  the  best  knowledge  of  the  Board,  the  Company  has  complied  with  the  CG  Code during the Year.

The Company will continue to review its corporate governance practices in order to enhance its corporate governance  standard,  to  comply  with  the  increasingly  tightened  regulatory  requirements  and  to  meet  the rising expectations of shareholders of the Company and investors.

## MODEL CODE FOR DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The  Company  has  adopted  a  code  of  conduct  regarding  securities  transactions  by  the  Directors  on  terms no less exacting than the required standard of dealings as set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they have complied with  the  code  of  conduct  and  the  required  standard  of  dealings  concerning  securities  transactions  by  the Directors during the Year.

## THE BOARD

The Board comprises the following Directors:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Ruan Deqing (Chairman) Mr. Peng Lichun (resigned on 14 June 2022) Mr. Ma Pun Fai

## Independent non-executive Directors

Ms. Tay Sheve Li Mr. Yau Kit Yu Ms. Lam Man Chi

The biographical details of the Directors and other senior management are disclosed in the section headed 'Biographical  Details  of  Directors  and  Senior  Management'  on  pages  37  to  38  in  this  annual  report.  The composition  of  the  Board  is  well  balanced.  Each  of  the  Directors  has  relevant  expertise  and  extensive corporate  and  strategic  planning  experiences  that  can  contribute  to  the  business  of  the  Group.  During  the Year,  the  Company  has  complied  with  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  relating  to  the  appointment  of  at  least  three independent non-executive Directors representing more than one-third of the Board and at least one of them has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The  Board  is  committed  to  reviewing  and  assessing  the  independence  of  the  independent  non-executive Directors. The Group has established a policy regarding mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board and such policy will be reviewed annually by the Board. Key mechanisms as set out in the policy include, but not limited to, the following:

- a) At  least  three  Directors  or  one-third  of  the  Board,  whichever  is  the  higher,  are  independent  nonexecutive Directors.
- b) Apart from complying with the requirements prescribed by the GEM Listing Rules as to the composition of  certain  Board  committees,  independent  non-executive  Directors  will  be  appointed  to  all  Board committees as far as possible to ensure independent views are available.
- c) The  nomination  committee  of  the  Company  must  strictly  adhere  to  the  nomination  policy  and  the independence assessment criteria  as  set  out  in  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  with  regard  to  the  nomination and appointment of independent non-executive Directors.
- d) Each  independent  non-executive  Director  is  also  required  to  inform  the  Company  as  soon  as practicable if there is any change in his/her own personal particulars that may materially affect his/her independence and must provide an annual confirmation of his independence to the Company.
- e) The  nomination  committee  of  the  Company  is  mandated  to  assess  annually  the  independence  of  all independent non-executive Directors by reference to the independence criteria as set out in the GEM Listing Rules to ensure that they can continually exercise independent judgement.
- f) The  Board  have  full  and  unrestricted  access  to  the  advice  and  services  of  the  senior  management personnel and/or the company secretaries in the discharge of the Board's duties and responsibilities. The  Board  is  also  allowed  to  seek  advice  from  independent  professional  advisers  when  necessary  at the expense of the Company to allow them to discharge their duties effectively. All independent nonexecutive  Directors  have  access  to  the  executive  Directors  and/or  senior  management  personnel should there be any explanation or clarification needed on any aspects of the Group's operations and/ or management issues.
- g) The Director shall not vote or be counted in the quorum on any board resolution approving any contract or arrangement in which such Director or any of his/her close associates has a material interest.
- h) The Chairman of the Board shall at least annually hold meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors to discuss major issues and any concerns.

The  Company  has  received  an  annual  confirmation  of  independence  from  each  of  the  independent non-executive  Directors  pursuant  to  Rule  5.09  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  and  the  Board  considers  all  the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

## Responsibilities and Delegation of Functions

The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of, and promoting the success of the Group. This is achieved  by  setting  up  corporate  and  strategic  objectives  and  policies,  and  the  monitoring  and  evaluating operating activities and financial performance of the Group.

All the Directors carry out their duties in good faith and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, taking decisions objectively and acting in the interests of the Company and its shareholders at all times.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

There is no relationship, including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s) among members of the Board.

The Company has formalised and adopted written terms on the division of functions reserved to the Board and  those  delegated  to  the  management.  The  Board  reserves  for  its  decision  on  all  major  matters  of  the Group,  including  the  approval  and  monitoring  of  all  policy  matters,  overall  strategies  and  budgets,  internal control  and  risk  management  systems,  material  transactions  (in  particular  those  that  may  involve  conflict of  interests),  financial  information,  appointment  of  directors  and  other  significant  financial  and  operational matters.

All  Directors  have  full  and  timely  access  to  all  relevant  information  as  well  as  the  advice  and  services  of the  company  secretary  (the  'Company  Secretary')  and  senior  management  of  the  Company,  with  a  view to  ensuring  compliance  with  Board  procedures  and  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations.  Any  Director  may request  independent  professional  advice  in  appropriate  circumstances  at  the  Company's  expense,  upon reasonable request being made to the Board. The day-to-day management, administration and operations of the Group are delegated to the senior management of the Company. The Board has delegated a schedule of responsibilities to these officers for the implementation of Board's decisions. The Board periodically reviews the  delegated  functions  and  work  tasks.  Prior  to  entering  into  any  significant  transactions,  the  aforesaid officers have to obtain the Board's approval.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separated and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and chief executive officer should be clearly established and set out in writing to ensure a balance of  power  and  authority.  Mr.  Ruan  Deqing  serves  as  the  Chairman  of  the  Company  and  is  responsible  for overall  business development strategy and major business decisions of the Group. The executive Directors, department heads and various committees collectively oversees the day-to-day management and operations of the Group, which fulfils the function of chief executive officer in substance.

## Appointment and Re-Election of Directors

The Directors are subject to retirement by rotation in accordance with the Company's articles of association. According  to  the  Company's  articles  of  association,  one-third  of  the  Directors  are  required  to  retire  from office  at  each  annual  general  meeting,  provided  that  every  Director  shall  be  subject  to  retirement  by rotation  at  least  once  every  three  years.  The  Directors  to  retire  every  year  shall  be  those  who  have  been longest  in  office  since  their  last  re-election  or  appointment.  Every  director,  including  those  appointed  for  a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Pursuant to code provision  B.2.3,  if  an  independent  non-executive  Director  has  served  more  than  nine  years,  such  director's further appointment should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by shareholders. The papers to  shareholders  accompanying  that  resolution  should  state  why  the  Board  (or  the  nomination  committee) believes that the Director is still independent and should be re-elected, including the factors considered, the process and the discussion of the Board (or the nomination committee) in arriving at such determination.

Ms.  Tay  Sheve  Li  has  served  as  the  independent  non-executive  Director  for  more  than  9  years.  The  reelection of Ms. Tay Sheve Li should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by shareholders at the forthcoming general meetings of the Company.

## Term of Appointment of Directors

Please refer to the paragraph headed 'Report of the directors - Directors' service agreements' in this annual report for the term of appointment of the Directors, including the independent non-executive Directors.

## Board Diversity Policy

The Company adopted a board diversity policy (the 'Board Diversity Policy') on 12 August 2013. A summary of  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  together  with  the  measurable  objectives  set  for  implementing  this  Board Diversity Policy, and the progress made towards achieving those objectives are disclosed below.

## Summary of the Board Diversity Policy

The Company recognised and embraced the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. The Board Diversity Policy aims at setting out the approach to achieve diversity of the Board. In determining the Board's composition, difference in the skills, regional and industry experience, background, ethnicity,  gender,  length  of  service  and  other  qualities  of  Directors  will  be  taken  into  account.  All  Board appointments will be based on merit, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regards to the benefits of diversity of the Board.

## Measurable objectives

For  the  purpose  of  implementing  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  the  Board  has  adopted  and  the  Company  has achieved  a  range  of  measurable  objectives  including  (i)  to  ensure  at  least  one  member  of  the  Board  shall have obtained accounting or other professional qualification; (ii) to ensure the Board has members of both gender; (iii)  to  ensure  the  age  distribution  of  the  members  of  the  Board  comprised  of  people  from  at  least two decades. As at the date of this report, the Board's composition under major diversified perspectives was summarised as follows:

Board Diversity

<!-- image -->

INED: Independent non-executive Director

ED: Executive Director

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  16  male  employees  and  12  female  employees  and  the  male-tofemale  ratio  in  the  workforce,  including  the  senior  management,  was  approximately  57%:43%,  which  is regarded by the Board as satisfactory. The Company will continue to take gender diversity into consideration during  recruitment  and  identify  a  pipeline  of  potential  successors  to  the  Board  with  the  ultimate  goal  of achieving gender parity. The Board will periodically monitor the gender composition of the workforce and set targets if and as needed.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Implementation and monitoring

The  Board  and  the  nomination  committee  of  the  Board  (the  'Nomination  Committee')  has  reviewed  the Board Diversity Policy to ensure its effectiveness and considered that the Group achieved the Board Diversity Policy  during  the  Year.  The  Nomination  Committee  will  review  the  Board's  composition  under  diversified perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy annually.

## BOARD MEETING, GENERAL MEETING AND PROCEDURES

The following is the Directors' attendance record of the board meetings held by the Board and the general meetings of the Company during the Year:

| Attended/eligible to attend  Board meeting  General meeting  Mr. Ruan Deqing  8/8  2/2  Mr. Peng Lichun (resigned on 14 June 2022)  4/4  0/0  Mr. Ma Pun Fai  8/8  2/2  Ms. Tay Sheve Li  8/8  2/2  Ms. Lam Man Chi  8/8  2/2  Mr. Yau Kit Yu  8/8  2/2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Board members were provided with complete, adequate and timely information to allow them to fulfill their duties properly.

Schedules  for  annual  Board  meeting  and  draft  agenda  of  each  Board  meeting  are  sent  to  all  Directors  in advance.  Notice  of  at  least  14  days  is  given  for  a  regular  Board  meeting.  For  other  Board  and  committee meetings,  reasonable  notice  is  generally  given.  Board  papers  together  with  all  appropriate,  complete  and reliable information are dispatched to all Directors at least three days or such other period as agreed before each regular Board meeting to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review the related documents and be adequately prepared for the meeting.

The Company Secretary is responsible to keep minutes of all Board meetings and committee meetings. Draft minutes are normally circulated to all Directors for comments within a reasonable time after each meeting and  the  final  versions  are  open  to  Director  for  inspection.  The  Company's  articles  of  association  contains provisions  requiring  Directors  to  abstain  from  voting  and  not  to  be  counted  in  the  quorum  at  meetings  for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their associates have a material interest.

## Continuous Professional Development

All  Directors have been given relevant guideline materials regarding the duties and responsibilities of being a  Director,  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations  applicable  to  the  Directors,  duty  of  disclosure  of  interest  and business  of  the  Group  and  such  induction  materials  will  also  be  provided  to  newly  appointed  Directors shortly  upon their appointment as Directors. All Directors have been updated with the latest developments regarding  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable  regulatory  requirement  to  ensure  compliance  and enhance  their  awareness  of  good  corporate  governance  practices.  Continuing  briefings  and  professional development to Directors will be arranged whenever necessary.

For the Year, all Directors had participated in continuous professional development in compliance with code provision  C.1.4  of  the  CG  Code  by  attending  training  seminars/courses  and/or  reading  materials  regarding updates on the GEM Listing Rules and relevant regulatory requirements.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three board committees, namely the audit committee (the 'Audit Committee'), the remuneration committee (the 'Remuneration Committee') and the Nomination Committee, with written terms of reference which are available for viewing on the website of the Stock Exchange and the Company to assist them in the efficient implementation of their functions. Specific responsibilities have been delegated to the above committees.

## Audit Committee

The  Company  established  the  Audit  Committee  on  17  December  2010  with  written  terms  of  reference  in compliance with the GEM Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review the financial statements, financial reports and accounts of the Company; to review the accounting policy, financial position and  financial  reporting  procedures  of  the  Company;  to  communicate  with  external  auditors;  to  assess  the performance  of  internal  financial  and  audit  personnel;  to  review  the  risk  management  and  the  internal control systems of the Company; and to perform the corporate governance functions under the CG Code.

As at 31 December 2022, the Audit Committee has three members comprising Ms. Tay Sheve Li (Chairperson), Mr. Yau Kit Yu and Ms. Lam Man Chi. During the Year, the Audit Committee had held four meetings to review the  Group's  quarterly,  interim  and  annual  financial  results  and  report,  the  Group's  risk  management  and internal  controls  for  the Year  and  corporate  governance of the Group and making recommendations to the Board  on  the  appointment  and  removal  of  the  external  auditor.  The  Group's  final  results  for  the  Year  had been reviewed by the Audit Committee before submission to the Board for approval. The Audit Committee is of the opinion that the preparation of such results complied with the applicable accounting standards, the GEM Listing Rules and that adequate disclosure have been made.

The attendance of each member of the Audit Committee is set out in the following table:

| Number of attendance/  number of meeting  eligible to attend  Ms. Tay Sheve Li (Chairperson)  4/4  Ms. Lam Man Chi  4/4  Mr. Yau Kit Yu  4/4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Remuneration Committee

The  Company  established  the  Remuneration  Committee  on  17  December  2010  with  written  terms  of reference in compliance with the GEM Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the policy and structure of the remuneration of all Directors and senior  management  as  well  as  the  remuneration  packages  of  Directors  and  senior  management,  including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, and ensure none of the Directors or any of their associates will determine his/her own remuneration.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Remuneration  Committee  has  three  members  comprising  Ms.  Tay  Sheve  Li (Chairperson), Mr. Ruan Deqing and Ms. Lam Man Chi. During the Year, the Remuneration Committee has held one  meeting  to  review  the  remuneration  policy  and  structure  and  the  remuneration  packages  of  Directors and  the  senior  management  of  the  Company.  The  remuneration  of  the  Directors  was  determined  with reference to their respective experience, responsibilities with the Group and general market conditions.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The attendance of each member of the Remuneration Committee is set out in the following table:

| Number of attendance/  number of meeting  eligible to attend  Ms. Tay Sheve Li (Chairperson)  1/1  Ms. Lam Man Chi  1/1  Mr. Ruan Deqing  1/1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination Committee

The Company established the Nomination Committee on 17 December 2010 with written terms of reference in compliance with the GEM Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure,  size  and  composition  (including  the  skills,  knowledge  and  experience)  of  the  Board  and  to  make recommendations  on  any  proposed  change  to  the  Board,  identify  individuals  suitably  qualified  to  become Board  members  and  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  selection  of  individuals  nominated  for directorships, assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors and make recommendation to the Board on the Company's board diversity policy and nomination policy.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Nomination  Committee  has  three  members  comprising  Ms.  Lam  Man  Chi (Chairperson), Ms. Tay Sheve Li and Mr. Ma Pun Fai. During the Year, the Nomination Committee has held two meetings to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience and diversity)  of  the  Board,  to  review  the  board  diversity  policy  and  nomination  policy,  make  recommendation on the appointment, removal and re-appointment of Directors and assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors.

The attendance of each member of the Nomination Committee is set out in the following table:

| Number of attendance/  number of meeting  eligible to attend  Ms. Lam Man Chi (Chairperson)  2/2  Ms. Tay Sheve Li  2/2  Mr. Peng Lichun (resigned on 14 June 2022)  1/1  Mr. Ma Pun Fai (appointed on 14 June 2022)  0/0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board Nomination Policy

The Company adopted a nomination policy in compliance with the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2019, which  establishes  written  guidelines  to  nomination  committee  to  identify  individuals  suitably  qualified  to become Board members and make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for  directorships  with  reference  to  the  formulated  criteria. The  Board  is  ultimately  responsible  for  selection and appointment of new Directors.

The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the Nomination Committee, has used its best efforts to ensure that Directors appointed to the Board possess the relevant background, experience and knowledge in business, finance and management skills critical to the Group's business to enable the Board to make sound and well considered decisions. Collectively, they have competencies in areas which are relevant and valuable to the Group.

## Nomination Process

The Nomination Committee shall assess whether any vacancy on the Board has been created or is expected on a regular basis or as required.

The  Nomination  Committee  utilises  various  methods  for  identifying  director  candidates,  including recommendations from Board members, management, and professional search firms. All director candidates, including  incumbents  and  candidates  nominated  by  shareholders  of  the  Company  are  evaluated  by  the Nomination Committee based upon the director qualifications. While director candidates will be evaluated on the same criteria through review of resume, personal interview and performance of background checks. The Nomination Committee retains the discretion to establish the relative weighting of such criteria, which may vary  based  on  the  composition,  skill  sets,  age,  gender  and  experiences  of  the  collective  Board  rather  than on the individual candidate for the purpose of diversity perspectives appropriate to the requirement of the Company's business.

## Selection Criteria

The  Nomination  Committee  will  take  into  account  whether  a  candidate  has  the  qualifications,  skills, experience and gender diversity that add to and complement the range of skills, experience and background of  existing  Directors  by  considering  the  highest  personal  and  professional  ethics  and  integrity  of  the director candidates, proven achievement and competence in the nominee's field and the ability to exercise sound  business  judgment,  skills  that  are  complementary  to  those  of  the  existing  Board,  the  ability  to assist  and  support  management  and  make  significant  contributions  to  the  Company's  success,  willingness and  availability  to  dedicate  sufficient  time  and  attention  to  ensure  the  diligent  performance  of  duties  in concurrence with his/her other major appointments and significant commitments and such other factors as it may deem are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

The Company shall review and reassess the nomination policy and its effectiveness annually or as required.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Board acknowledges its responsibility to prepare the Company's financial statements for each financial year and to ensure that the financial statements are prepared in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable  accounting  standards. The  statement  by  the  auditor  of  the  Company  about  their  responsibilities for the financial statements is set out in the independent auditors' report contained in this annual report. The Board also ensures the timely publication of the financial statements. The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries,  confirm  that  they  are  not  aware  of  any  material  uncertainties  relating  to  events  or  conditions that  may  cast  significant  doubt  upon  the  Company's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  For  further details  of  the  responsibilities  of  the  Directors  for  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  please  refer  to  the paragraph headed 'Independent auditors' report - Responsibilities of directors and audit committee for the consolidated financial statements' in this annual report.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REMUNERATION

During the Year, the remuneration paid or payable to the auditor of the Company in respect of the statutory audit services was approximately RMB534,000 (2021: RMB506,000).

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The  Board  is  responsible  for  the  establishment,  maintenance  and  review  of  the  Group's  risk  management and internal control systems. The Board must ensure that the Company establishes and maintains effective risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  to  meet  the  objectives  and  safeguard  the  interests  of  the shareholders and the assets of the Company. The Board oversees the Group's overall risk management and internal control systems on an ongoing basis. At the same time, the Group endeavors to identify risks, control impact of the identified risks and facilitate implementation of coordinated mitigating measures.

The Group has established a risk management policy which sets out the process of identification, evaluation and management of the principal risks affecting the business.

1. Each  division  is  responsible  for  identifying  and  assessing  principal  risks  within  its  divisions  on  a quarterly basis and establishing mitigation plans to manage the risks identified.
2. The  management  is  responsible  for  overseeing  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control activities,  attending  quarterly  meetings  with  each  division  to  ensure  principal  risks  are  properly managed, and new or changing risks are identified and documented.
3. The  Board  is  responsible  for  reviewing  and  approving  the  effectiveness  and  adequacy  of  the  Group's risk management and internal control systems.

The  risk  management  framework,  coupled  with  our  internal  controls,  ensures  the  risk  associated  with  our different business units are effectively controlled in line with the Group's risk appetite.

The Group has engaged an external consultant to conduct an annual review on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system of the Group during the Year. The review covers certain procedures on  the  Group's  operation  and  the  external  consultant  had  made  recommendations  for  improving  and strengthening  the  risk  management  and  internal  control  system.  No  significant  area  of  concern  that  may affect the financial, operational, compliance, control and risk management of the Group has been identified. Accordingly,  the  Board  considers  that  the  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  of  the  Group  as effective.

The Group's risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk  of  failure  to  achieve  business  objectives,  and  can  only  provide  reasonable  but  not  absolute  assurance against  material  misstatement  or  loss. The  Board  has  the  overall  responsibility  to  maintain  the  adequacies of  resources,  staff  qualifications  and  experience  training  programs  and  budget  of  accounting  and  financial reporting function and the Board concluded that the Group's risk management and internal control systems were in place and effective.

With  respect  to  the  monitoring  and  disclosure  of  inside  information,  the  Group  has  adopted  a  policy  on disclosure  of  inside  information  with  the  aim  to  ensure  the  insiders  are  abiding  by  the  confidentiality requirement and are fulfilling the disclosure obligation of the inside information.

## SHAREHOLDERS' COMMUNICATION POLICY AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investor understanding of the Group's business performance and strategies. The Company also recognises the importance of transparency and timely disclosure of corporate information, which will enable shareholders and investors to make the best investment decisions.

The  Company  adopted  the  shareholders'  communication  policy  which  sets  out  the  Group's  commitment of  and  channels  for  maintaining  an  effective  ongoing  dialogue  with  shareholders.  The  shareholders' communication policy is reviewed by the Board on a regular basis.

The Company has established a range of communication channels between itself and the shareholders, its investors and other stakeholders. These include annual general meetings, the annual, interim and quarterly reports,  notices,  announcements  and  circulars  and  the  Company's  website  at  www.china33media.com. The general meetings of the Company provide a forum for dialogue and interaction between the Board and the  shareholders.  The  Board  encourages  and  welcomes  participation  from  shareholders  to  ask  questions regarding  the  resolution  being  proposed  at  the  meeting  and  also  other  matters  pertaining  to  the  business activities of the Group.

The Board has reviewed the implementation of the shareholders' communications policy and is satisfied that it  is  effective  for  the  Board  to  understand  the  views  and  opinion  of  the  shareholders  through  the  available channels during the Year. The Company continues to enhance the communication and relationship with its investors. Enquiries from investors are dealt with in an informative and timely manner.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT

As one of the measures to safeguard shareholder's interest and rights, separate resolutions can be proposed at  shareholders'  meetings  on  each  substantial  issue,  including  the  election  of  individual  directors,  for shareholders' consideration and voting. All resolutions put forward at shareholders' meeting will be voted by poll pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules and the poll voting results will be posted on the GEM website and the Company's website after the relevant shareholders' meeting.

## Procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting

Pursuant  to  article  64  of  the  articles  of  association  of  the  Company,  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  of the  Company (the 'EGM') may be convened by the Board on requisition of one or more shareholders (the 'Requisitionist(s)')  holding  at  the  date  of  deposit  of  the  requisition,  not  less  than  one-tenth  of  the  paid  up capital  of  the  Company  having  the  right  of  voting  at  general  meeting  (the  'Requisition').  Such  Requisition shall  be  made  in  writing  to  the  Directors  or  the  Company  Secretary  and  sent  to  the  Company's  principal place of business in Hong Kong (details of which are set out in the section headed 'Corporate Information' of  this  annual  report).  For  the  purpose  of  requiring  an  EGM  to  be  called  by  the  Directors,  such  Requisition must state the object of business to be transacted at the meeting and must be signed by the Requisitionists. The  EGM  shall  be  held  within  two  months  after  the  deposition  of  such  Requisition.  If  the  Board  fails  to proceed to convene such EGM within 21 days of the deposit of such Requisition, the Requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the Requisitionist(s) by the Company.

## Procedures for raising enquiries

Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings, share transfer, registration and payment of dividend to the Company's Hong Kong share registrar (details of which are set out in the section headed 'Corporate Information' of this annual report).

For  putting  forward  any  enquiries  to  the  Board,  shareholders  may  send  written  enquiries  to  the  Company. Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests in respect of their rights to the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong (details of which are set out in the section headed 'Corporate Information' of this annual report).

Shareholders are reminded to lodge their questions together with their detailed contact information for the prompt response from the Company if it deems appropriate.

## Procedures and contact details for putting forward proposals at shareholders' meetings

To put forward proposals at a general meeting of the Company, shareholder should lodge a written notice of his/her/its proposal (the 'Proposal') with his/her/its detailed contact information to the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong (details of which are set out in the section headed 'Corporate Information' of this annual report).

The identity of such shareholder and his/her/its request will be verified with the Company's Hong Kong share registrar and upon confirmation by the Hong Kong share registrar that the request is proper and in order and made by a shareholder of the Company, the Board will determine in its sole discretion whether the Proposal may be included in the agenda for the general meeting to be set out in the notice of meeting.

The notice period to be given to all the shareholders of the Company for consideration of the Proposal raised by  such  shareholder  concerned  at  the  general  meeting  varies  according  to  the  nature  of  the  Proposal  as follows:

- (1) Notice of not less than 21 clear days and not less than 20 clear business days in writing if the Proposal requires approval in an annual general meeting;
- (2) Notice of not less than 21 clear days and not less than 10 clear business days in writing if the Proposal requires approval by way of a special resolution in an extraordinary general meeting; and
- (3) Notice of not less than 14 clear days and not less than 10 clear business days in writing if the Proposal requires approval in an extraordinary general meeting other than by way of a special resolution of the Company.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

There had been no change in the Company's constitutional documents during the Year.

## POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS

The Company adopted a policy on payment of dividends (the 'Dividend Policy') with effect from 1 January 2019, which establishes an appropriate procedure on declaring and recommending the dividend payment of the Company.

The  Company  will  declare  and/or  recommend  the  payment  of  dividends  to  Shareholders  after  considering the Company's ability to pay dividends, which will depend upon, among other things, its actual and expected financial  results,  cash  flow,  general  business  conditions  and  strategies,  current  and  future  operations, statutory, contractual and regulatory restrictions and so on. The Board has complete discretion on whether to pay a dividend, subject to shareholders' approval, where applicable. Even if the Board decides to recommend and pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon the operations and earnings, capital requirements  and  surplus,  general  financial  condition,  contractual  restrictions  and  other  factors  of  and affecting the Group. The Board may also consider declaring special dividends from time to time, in addition to the interim and/or final dividends.

The  Company shall  review  and  reassess  the  Dividend  Policy  and  its  effectiveness  on  a  regular  basis  or  as required.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE ('ESG') APPROACH

China  33  Media  Group  Limited  (the  'Company'  or  'China  33')  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively,  the 'Group', 'we', 'us'  or 'our')  have  always  followed  the  business  philosophy  of  integrating  corporate  social responsibility (CSR) into our operations and development over the years. The Group always strives to conduct our  media  business  from  an  ethical  and  professional  perspective. To  achieve  sustainability,  the  Group  also advocates  environmental  protection  and  works  with  charities  to  contribute  to  the  community  and  create long-lasting value in various ways.

The  Board  of  Directors  (the  'Board')  strongly  believes  that  a  sound  governance  structure  is  critical  to  the effective  management  and  implementation  of  ESG-related  issues.  The  Board  has  overall  responsibility  for the  Group's  ESG  strategy  and  reporting.  The  Board  is  responsible  for  overseeing  the  Group's  corporate governance and the overall  ESG  management  approach,  and  supervises  in  the  data  collection,  preparation and review of the Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the 'ESG Report').

On an operation level, our ESG Working Group works with internal departments across the Group to integrate sustainability  into  day-to-day  operations.  The  ESG  Working  Group  regularly  reports  to  the  Board  to  ensure appropriate  execution  and  risk  management  on  sustainability.  Through  regular  meetings  and  discussions with  the  Board,  the  ESG  Working  Group  plans  and  implements  various  policies,  guidelines,  measures  and programme which contribute to our sustainable development.

## ABOUT THIS REPORT

Unless  otherwise  specified,  this  ESG  Report  covers  our  progress  and  performance  on  the  environmental, social  and  governance  ('ESG')  issues  from  1  January  2022  to  31  December  2022  (the  'Reporting  Period'). It  focuses  on  the  core  activities  of  the  Group,  which  include  outdoor  and  digital  advertising,  film  and entertainment investment and prepaid card business.

This  ESG  Report  has  been  prepared  with  reference  to  the  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Reporting Guide set out in Appendix 20 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of The Stock Exchange of  Hong  Kong  Limited.  The  ESG  Report  has  been  prepared  based  on  four  reporting  principles,  including materiality, quantitativeness, balance and consistency.

1. Materiality: ESG issues that have major impacts on investors and other stakeholders must be set out in this ESG Report.
2. Quantitative: If the key performance indicators (KPIs) have been established, they must be measurable and applicable to valid comparisons under appropriate conditions. They must also be able to describe the purpose and impacts of quantitative information.
3. Balance: This ESG Report must provide an unbiased picture of the ESG performance of the Company. It should avoid selecting, omitting, or presenting formants that may inappropriately influence a decision or judgement by the reader.
4. Consistency:  This  ESG  Report  should  use  consistent  statistical  methodologies  to  allow  meaningful comparisons of related data over time. Any changes to the methods used must be specified in the ESG Report.

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

The  Group  values  the  concerns  and  interests  of  each  stakeholder  highly,  commits  to  enhancing communication  with  and  the  engagement  of  stakeholders  and  deepening  operational  transparency,  and seeks win-win development with stakeholders. The table below lists the Group's stakeholders, and illustrates our communication and response measures:

| Stakeholder Group  Specific Stakeholders  Methods of Communication  Investors  •  Shareholders  •  Corporate website  •  Annual, interim &amp; quarterly  financial reports  •  Annual general meetings  Employees  •  Senior management  •  Training, seminars  •  Staff  •  Face-to-face meetings  •  Potential recruits  •  Independent focus groups and  interviews  •  CSR and volunteering activities  Customers  •  Buyers  •  Customer satisfaction survey  •  Ultimate users  •  Client feedback survey  Government  •  National and local governments  •  Written correspondence  •  Regulators  Community and the public  •  Local community associations  •  Charity  •  Volunteer services   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

ESG issues that are pertinent to the Group and its stakeholders are identified through materiality assessment, which is a crucial step in developing the sustainability strategy. An issue is considered material when it may substantially  affect  our  long  term  commercial  and  operational  viability  and  the  inclusion  of  sustainability agenda  into  its  business  development  strategy.  By  conducting  a  materiality  assessment,  the  Group  has identified the ESG issues listed in the table below that are relevant and important to our operations.

| Aspects  Material ESG Issues  B. Social Aspect  B1. Employment  •  Employee welfare  •  Inclusion and equal opportunities  •  Talent attraction and retention  B2. Health and Safety  •  Occupational health and safety  B3. Development and Training  •  Development and training  B4. Labour Standards  •  Prevention of child and forced labour  B5. Supply Chain Management  •  Supply chain management  B6. Product Responsibility  •  Protection of intellectual property rights  •  Protection of customer privacy  B7. Anti-corruption  •  Corporate governance  •  Anti-corruption   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL ASPECTS

## EMISSIONS

Although  the  Group's  principal  activities  did  not  generate  any  significant  emissions,  we  are  dedicated  to ensuring sustainable development and protecting the environment from any potential impact from our daily business operations. The Group embraces the 'Reduce, Reuse &amp; Recycle' philosophy and applies it at every stage of its operations, to all types of emissions, including regulated air emissions, waste and wastewater.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  did  not  violate  any  environmental  protection  laws  and  regulations that  had  a  significant  impact  on  the  Group  relating  to  air  and  greenhouse  gas  emissions,  discharges  into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.

## Greenhouse Gas Emissions

During the Reporting Period, the total greenhouse gas emissions of the Group were 10.1 tonnes of carbon dioxide  equivalent  ('tonnes  CO2-e')  (2021:  6.5  tonnes  CO2-e,  2020:  16.6  tonnes  CO2-e),  which  were  mainly due  to  the  indirect  greenhouse  gas  emissions  emitted  from  the  consumption  of  fossil  fuels  due  to  office electricity purchased (scope 2 emissions); and the paper waste disposed at landfills (Scope 3 emissions) and the greenhouse gas intensity was 0.36 tonnes CO2-e per full-time employee (2021: 0.17 tonnes CO2-e per fulltime employee, 2020: 0.46 tonnes CO2-e per full-time employee). The Group is dedicated to energy saving and implemented suitable energy-saving measures. LED lights were installed to reduce energy consumption and thus the greenhouse gas emissions. The emissions data by emission scope are as follows:

| Greenhouse gas emissions  2022  2021  2020  Unit  Scope 1 emissions  -  -  -  tonnes CO2-e  Scope 2 emissions  6.3  6.5  16.6  tonnes CO2-e  Scope 3 emissions  3.8  -  -  tonnes CO2-e  Total greenhouse gas emissions  10.1  6.5  16.6  tonnes CO2-e  Intensity (by employee)  0.36  0.17  0.46  tonnes CO2-e/employee   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  is  developing  its  long-term  reduction  targets.  In  short  term,  the  Group  targets  to  reduce  the greenhouse gas emissions level by 5% by 2023 with the baseline year in 2022.

## Waste Management

The Group adopts strict wastage management policies and strives to properly handle and dispose of waste generated from our operations. The Group not only maintains ink and toner cartridge recycling bins at our offices but also collects and recycles used coffee casings and pods. We encourage double-sided printing and the use of electronic documents and remind our employees to earmark double-printed paper for recycling to reduce solid waste from our offices.

During the Reporting Period, the Group produced 0.89 kg of hazardous waste (2021: 0.90 kg, 2020: 0.84 kg). All of them were used ink and toner cartridges, which were sent to recycling. The Group also produced 1.00 tonnes of non-hazardous waste (2021: 1.84 tonnes, 2020: 0.15 tonnes), which mainly consisted of recyclable office paper.

Other  general  office  wastes  were  handled  by  the  sorting  and  recycling  facilities  provided  by  the  property management companies  of  the  buildings  in  our  offices.  The  Group  targets  to  reduce  the  intensity  level  of hazardous and non-hazardous waste generation by 1% by 2023 with the baseline year in 2022.

| 2022  2021  2020  Unit  Hazardous waste  Total hazardous waste produced  0.89  0.90  0.84  kg  Intensity (by employee)  0.03  0.02  -  kg/employee  Non-hazardous waste  Total non-hazardous waste produced  1.00  1.84  0.15  tonnes  Intensity (by employee)  0.036  0.047  -  tonnes/employee   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## USE OF RESOURCES

To enhance its operational efficiency and reduce the impact of its business on the environment, the Group embraces and applies the 'Reduce, Reuse &amp; Recycle' philosophy in its daily operations. The Group has put in  place  a  number  of  environmental  measures,  such  as  energy  initiatives,  in  its  office  premises. The  Group systematically  manages  the  environmental  impact  of  its  operations  and  strengthens  the  sustainability awareness of each of its employees. We committed to continuously increase the efficiency of energy use and become a sustainable corporation.

## Energy Use and Efficiency

The  Group's  business  activities  do  not  involve  direct  use  of  energy.  Office  lighting  and  air-conditioning  are the major components of our energy consumption. Hence, improving the efficiency of electricity use is our biggest  challenge.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group's  total  energy  usage  was  16.2  megawatt-hours ('MWh')  (2021:  17.7  MWh,  2020:  32.6  MWh),  with  an  energy  intensity  of  0.58  MWh  per  full-time  employee (2021: 0.45 MWh per full-time employee, 2020: 0.91 MWh per full-time employee).

To  improve  energy  efficiency,  we  adopted  energy-efficient  lighting  systems  and  set  up  policies,  including installing  LED  lights,  switching  off  lighting  or  air-conditioning  after  office  hours  and  in  rooms  that  were unused. The Group targets to reduce the energy consumption level by 1% by 2023 with a baseline year in 2022.

| Direct and indirect energy consumption  2022  2021  2020  Unit  Direct energy consumption  -  -  -  GJ  Indirect energy consumption  16.2  17.7  32.6  MWh  Total energy consumption  16.2  17.7  32.6  MWh-e  Intensity (by employee)  0.58  0.45  0.91  MWh-e/employee   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Water Use and Efficiency

The Group's water supply is sourced and provided by the office property management. Although obtaining statistics regarding the individual use of water may be difficult, the property management has predetermined water  usage  limits  which  we  have  not  exceeded  in  the  Reporting  Period.  The  water  consumption  of  the Group is minimal and was included in the management fee and therefore the Group is unable to set a water reduction target at the current stage.

To reduce water usage, we will develop more effective water efficiency initiatives and reveal relevant results on an ongoing basis.

## Use of Packaging materials

The packaging materials used in the Group's prepaid card business totalled 0.21 tonnes (2021: 0.13 tonnes, 2020: 0.18 tonnes). All of which were degradable environmentally friendly materials.

| Packaging material for finished products  2022  2021  2020  Unit  Total packaging material used  0.21  0.13  0.18  tonnes  Intensity (by employee)  7.36  3.45  -  kg/employee   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## THE ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES

Although the  Group  does  not  have  significant  impacts  on  the  environment  and  seldom  involves  direct  use of natural resources, we still strive to improve waste management mechanisms. To reduce negative impacts on forests and to act responsibly towards the environment, we have sourced paper certified by the Forest Stewardship  Council  for  the  issuance  of  our  annual  report  and  encouraged  double-sided  printing  on  a variety of documents. When pursuing sustainability and a greener environment, the Group regularly performs evaluations with staff and stakeholders to look for improvements in our operations and reduce our impact on the environment.

## CLIMATE CHANGE

Climate change is the biggest environmental challenge in the recent years. Climate change encompasses not only rising average temperatures but also extreme weather events, shifting wildlife populations and habitats, rising seas, and a range of other impacts. The emission of greenhouse gases is the major factor contributing to climate change and global warming.

The Group principally engaged in prepaid card business; investment on film and entertainment; printed media advertising business and outdoor and digital advertising business. Since its operation mainly involves the use of the internet and technology platforms, the acute impacts affecting our business due to climate change is not significant.

Besides,  the  potential  risks  on  climate  change  may  include  the  shift  of  customer  needs  for  our  printed media  advertising  business.  Fewer  customers  may  choose  to  advertise  on  the  printed  media  as  it  may shift  the  demand from printed media business to digital advertising. Apart from the market risks, the more frequent and severe extreme weather may hinder the productivity of the daily operation and pose danger to the  employee  when  commuting. The  Group  will  further  investigate  the  possibilities  and  review  the  existing policies.

## EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR STANDARDS

## EMPLOYMENT

Employees are valuable resources to the Group. The Group aims to provide a safe and healthy environment for  the  whole  workforce and has taken appropriate measures to safeguard the wellbeing and safety of our employees. The Group also encourages career development and training while advocating for a healthy worklife balance. To maintain an advantage in a highly competitive industry, the Group sees the professional team as its most treasured asset. The Group has complied with the Employment Ordinance, the Sex Discrimination Ordinance, the Disability Discrimination Ordinance, the Family Status Discrimination Ordinance and the Race Discrimination Ordinance. The Group has also entered into a labour contract with each of its PRC employees in compliance with the Labour Law of the PRC.

In addition, the Group adheres to its principles and strictly follows the regulations in respect of recruitment, promotion, dismissal, work hours, rest hours, equal opportunities, diversity of culture, and anti-discrimination. During the Reporting Period, the Group has not noted any cases of non-compliance in relation to employment and labour laws and regulations.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

As at  the  end  of  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  had  a  total  of  28  employees  (2021:  39,  2020:  52),  and  27 of  whom were full-time employees. The charts and table below show the composition of staff according to gender, geographical region, level and age group.

<!-- image -->

## Employee Welfare

The  Group  strictly  follows  labour  laws  and  regulations,  and  provides  comprehensive  leave  packages  to employees,  covering  sickness,  casual,  marriage,  funeral,  maternity,  annual,  and  injury  leave,  as  well  as statutory holidays. The welfare provisions aim to take care of all employees, broaden the range of corporate cultural activities, and increase the sense of belonging of the employees.

We  respect  our  employees'  family  roles  and  responsibilities.  We  are  committed  to  supporting  them  and maintaining  a  family-friendly  work  environment. The  Group's  employees  have  a  five-day  workweek  so  they can spend more time with their families. As breastfeeding is the superior form of infant nutrition, it provides a multitude of health benefits to both infants and mothers. We provide breastfeeding rooms in our workplace to foster a mother-friendly culture, as breastfeeding employees need ongoing support for providing their milk for their babies in the workplace.

To further enhance our employee welfare support, male employees are entitled to 5 days of paternity leave, allowing them more time to take care of their families. Medical insurance is provided to the spouses and kids of  manager grade or above employees for those who work in the Hong Kong office. We also offer birthday leave to our employees in Hong Kong office.

<!-- image -->

## HEALTH AND SAFETY

To safeguard employees' occupational health and safety, the Group works hard to provide a safe, healthy and comfortable  working  environment.  It  has  complied  with  the  Employee's  Compensation  Ordinance  of  Hong Kong, the Labour Law of the PRC and other applicable regulations. Employees are asked to stringently abide by  all  safety  rules  and  regulations,  and  make  available  and  applicable  protection  measures  at  all  times  to avoid  accidents  and  protect  themselves  and  co-workers  from  safety  risks,  in  accordance  with  the  relevant laws and regulations.

The Group complies with the health and safety regulations of the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance and formulates requirements for environmental control and hygiene at the workplace. In order to reduce the chance of employees suffering from respiratory infections, we issue influenza notifications, when necessary, to  encourage  preventive  measures,  such  as  the  preparation  of  hygiene  masks  and  disinfectant  hand sanitizers for staff to use at any time. During the outbreak of the COVID-19, the Group has invested adequate resources to provide face masks to staff and install more air diffusers.

The Group did not identify any casualties or accidents in the past three years. In the Reporting Period, the Group  did  not  identify  any  material  non-compliance  of  laws  and  regulations  with  significant  impact  to  the Group in relation to workplace health and safety.

| 2022  2021  2020  Number of work-related fatalities  0  0  0  Rate of work-related fatalities  0%  0%  0%  Lost days due to work injury  0  0  0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING

The Group views employee growth and development as being of vital importance for the enterprise's longterm development. It attaches great importance to retention, education and development of a rich variety of high-end talent, and provides such talent with broad development platforms and ample training.

The  Group  aims  to  create  an  environment  of  continuous  improvement  in  which  our  employees  are encouraged  to  pursue  excellence  at  work  and  career  development.  Customised  training  programmes,  in areas such as internal control training and anti-money laundering, are arranged on an ongoing basis for staff members at different levels and across the organisation throughout the Group.

During the Reporting Period, a total of 16 Hong Kong employees were given training, accounting for 57% of the total employees. Of the employees trained, 50% were female and 50% were male, with average training hours of approximately 1.00 and 1.13 hours per employee respectively.

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  the  self-development  of  its  staff  and  has  to  ensure  equal opportunities  of  training  for  different  levels  of  staff.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  percentages  of employees participating in training activities  for  managerial,  senior  staff,  mid-level  staff  and  the  junior  staff were  38%,  25%,  38%  and  0%  respectively. The  average  durations  of  training  activities  for  the  employee  by categories were 0.90 hour, 1.88 hour, 1.80 hour and 0 hour respectively.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## LABOUR STANDARDS

The  Group  has  formulated  comprehensive  human  resource  policies,  and  stated  the  same  expressly  in  its Staff  Manual  or  Staff  Information  materials  for  colleagues,  laying  down  the  rules  affecting  personnel.  In addition to compliance with basic labour laws, the Group also formulates and implements human resource policies when necessary, and provides benefits above those required by law. To ensure diversity and equality, our selection process is non-discriminatory and is based solely on employees' performance, experience and skills.  Employees  are  also  encouraged  to  discuss  with  senior  management  their  goals  for  job  advancement and career development in daily activities. A performance appraisal is conducted annually.

The Group resolutely rejects the use of child or forced labour. In order to prevent illegal use of child or forced labour, the human resource department of the Group requires candidates to provide effective identification certification  before confirmation of employment to ensure they can be employed according to the law. The Group has not noted any cases of non-compliance in relation to employment and labour laws and regulations and do not engage in any forced or child labour during the Reporting Period.

## OPERATING PRACTICES AND SOCIAL INVESTMENT

## SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

We consider our suppliers as strategic partners and contributors to our businesses, and we are committed to building long-term relationships with suppliers who share our values. The Group has a procurement policy which sets out criteria for evaluation of our suppliers. The factors taken into account for selection include: what kind of environmental protection facilities the potential supplier has set up, whether its environmental protection performance has credentials from any well-recognised and legitimate organisation, and whether the potential supplier has participated in any cultural preservation, charitable or community care activities.

As our advertising business and film and entertainment investment target the Chinese market, suppliers from China have dominated our resource supply chain. During the Reporting Period, the Group had an aggregate of 24 suppliers.

To  foster  collaboration  with  suppliers,  during  the  procurement  process  both  parties  must  sign  essential policies and agreements while also regularly holding meetings to sustain cooperation from each side.

Supplier Distribution by Geographical Region

<!-- image -->

## PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY Product Quality

The  Group  is  committed  to  offering  quality  products  and  services  to  its  customers.  By  formulating  and implementing  product  quality  standards,  the  Group  closely  monitors  the  work  of  every  employee  in  the production  process  to  ensure  compliance  with  requirements  in  respect  of  procedures,  regulations  and systems.  The  products  under  research  and  development  should  meet  preliminary  planning  requirements, thus  ensuring  the  final  quality  of  the  products.  The  Group  is  dedicated  to  strengthening  its  information security systems to protect the data privacy of customer service users, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the places where the Group's operations are carried out.

In the Reporting Period, we received 9 cases of complaints regarding our products and services, which have been referred to and resolved by the Group's customer service division. Following on these complaints, the Group has reacted by printing the valid until dates onto the cards to reduce unnecessary inquires. The Group offers clients maintenance services via a customer service hotline. These services offer continuous technical support and solutions to customers and theatres nationwide.

## User Data Protection

As our prepaid card business continues to grow, the Group has accumulated a large amount of user data. The Group prioritises the protection of customer information and personal privacy and has in place a complete set  of  mechanisms  and  systems  for  the  management  of  information  security  in  compliance  with  relevant laws and regulations. Security issues are factored into electronic systems at an early stage of development, and they are equipped with strong firewalls to prevent hacking and divulgence of information.

More specifically, the Group has established a Privacy Policy as a commitment to the protection of personal privacy in compliance with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) Requirements and the Security Assessment Procedures. In addition, optical discs and data stored  in  applications  are  placed  in  locked  storage  rooms.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  has  not noted  any  cases  of  non-compliance  in  relation  to  data  privacy  laws  and  regulations,  such  as  the  Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance.

Also, the Group has set up a Business Continuity Plan ('BCP') covering short or long-term disaster scenarios that the Group may have to handle, including the complete destruction of the building in which the primary office is located and the possible need for backup facilities over an extended period.

We  fully  understand  the  importance  of  a  stable  and  secure  internet  network  to  our  customers  and  our products,  so  an  Information  Technology  ('IT')  Disaster  Recovery  Plan  is  in  place  and  can  be  put  into operation by the IT Unit and outside vendors to restore data centre services at a backup site within 24 hours. Meanwhile,  the  BCP  is  separate  from  the  Group's  IT  Disaster  Recovery  Plan,  which  focuses  on  technology facilities  and  platforms,  such  as  critical  applications,  databases,  servers  or  other  required  technology infrastructure.

## Intellectual Property Rights

In  order  to  maintain  and  protect  our  intellectual  property,  we  have  also  registered  our  copyrights  with relevant government authorities.

## ANTI-CORRUPTION

The  Group  is  committed  to  eliminating  all  fraud  and  corruption  activities  and  resolutely  adheres  to  its principles of education, supervision, precautions and controls. Internally, the Group has set up an Anti-Money Laundering  Committee,  which  is  comprised  of  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  Chief  Operating  Officer,  Chief Compliance  Officer.  The  Committee  is  responsible  for  developing,  enhancing  and  maintaining  the  Group's compliance  culture,  with  regular  training,  policies  and  procedures  to  raise  compliance  awareness  among staff. Under the Group's policy, all new staff members are strictly required to undergo adequate Anti-Money Laundering training in their staff orientation.

The  committee  is  devoted  to  upholding  the  standards  of  business  conduct,  strengthening  anti-corruption awareness of staff and establishing an anti-corruption structure, playing an effective supervisory role. Once identified, all corruption activities are handled rigorously, with penalties ranging from warnings and reduction of  compensation  to  termination  of  employment  for  the  employees  concerned,  depending  on  the  severity of  offences.  In  particular,  the  Group  upholds  its  anti-corruption  commitment  in  its  commercial  operations, maintains  good  discipline  when  working  with  business  partners,  and  follows  standardised  commercial procedures, as it works to eradicate all corrupt practices.

To encourage our employees to report illegality, irregularity, malpractice, unethical or inappropriate conducts, which may damage the Group's interests, we have devised whistle-blowing procedures, setting up a separate channel for employees and any person who deals with the Company to report suspicious fraudulent actions, in confidence and anonymity,  to the Audit Committee and/or Chairman of the Company.

In  order  to  comply  with  and  supplement  the  legal  requirements,  the  Group  organized  16  anti-corruption training sessions for our directors and employees with a total of 28.5 training hours, including AML training for newcomers and refresher, post investigation training and transaction monitoring training arranged for the compliance  team.  Regular  anti-corruption  training  sessions  are  organised  by  the  Independent  Commission Against  Corruption  (ICAC)  to  enhance  their  awareness  of  anti-corruption  and  further  create  a  healthy corporate culture.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  has  not  noted  any  cases  of  non-compliance  brought  against  the Group  or  its  employees  in  relation  to  corruption-related  laws  and  regulations,  such  as  the  Prevention  of Bribery Ordinance in Hong Kong.

## COMMUNITY INVESTMENT

We are committed to supporting the community by incorporating social  participation  and  contribution  into our strategic development. We believe this will nurture excellence in Group corporate culture and practices.

The  Group  acknowledges  a  sustainable  business  is  dependent  on  the  stability  and  well-being  of  the community  where  it  operates  and  regards  improving  the  community's  well-being  as  an  important  way to  realise  its  value.  The  Group  does  not  have  policies  on  community  engagement  during  the  Reporting Period.  Nevertheless,  we  firmly  adhere  to  the  principle  that  our  staff  can  contribute  to  the  community by  participating  in  voluntary  services  while  developing  personal  capabilities  in  areas  such  as  leadership, management and communication skills.

## SUMMARY OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

| Environmental Aspects  2022  2021  Unit  Aspect A1: Emissions  A1.2  Greenhouse gas emissions in total and intensity  Scope 1 emissions  -  -  tonnes CO2-e  Scope 2 emissions  6.3  6.5  tonnes CO2-e  Scope 3 emissions  3.8  -  tonnes CO2-e  Total greenhouse gas emissions  10.1  6.5  tonnes CO2-e  Intensity (by employee)  0.36  0.17  tonnes CO2-e/  employee  A1.3  Hazardous waste  Total hazardous waste produced  0.89  0.90  kg  Intensity (by employee)  0.03  0.02  kg/employee  A1.4  Non-hazardous waste  Total non-hazardous waste produced  1.00  1.84  tonnes  Intensity (by employee)  0.036  0.047  tonnes/employee  Aspect A2: Use of Resources  A2.1  Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type  Direct energy consumption  -  -  GJ  Indirect energy consumption  16.2  17.7  MWh  Total energy consumption  16.2  17.7  MWh-e  Intensity (by employee)  0.58  0.45  MWh-e/employee  A2.5  Packaging material used for finished products  Total packaging material used  0.21  0.13  tonnes  Intensity (by employee)  7.36  3.45  kg/employee   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Social Aspects  2022  2021  Unit  Aspect B1: Employment  B1.1  Total workforce  Total number of employees  28  39  employee  By gender  Female  12  20  employee  Male  16  19  employee  By employment type  Full-time  27  37  employee  Part-time  1  2  employee  By age group  30 years old or below  1  9  employee  31-40 years old  4  6  employee  41-50 years old  7  14  employee  Over 50 years old  16  10  employee  By employee category  Management  15  16  employee  Senior  4  5  employee  Middle  5  10  employee  Junior  4  8  employee  By function  Executive  7  -  employee  Technical  5  -  employee  Administrative  16  -  employee  By geographical region  Hong Kong  19  22  employee  China  9  17  employee  B1.2  Employee turnover rate  Total employee turnover rate  39%  33%  %  By gender  Female  67%  40%  %  Male  19%  26%  %  By employment type  Full-time  41%  35%  %  Part-time  0%  0%  %  By age group  30 years old or below  7%  -  %  31-40 years old  50%  -  %  41-50 years old  14%  -  %  Over 50 years old  6%  -  %  By employee category  Management  7%  13%  %  Senior  25%  60%  %  Middle  100%  40%  %  Junior  100%  50%  %  By geographical region  Hong Kong  16%  -  %  China  89%  -  %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Social Aspects  2022  2021  Unit  Aspect B2: Health and Safety  B2.1  Number of work-related fatalities  0  0  no.  Rate of work-related fatalities  0%  0%  %  B2.2  Lost days due to work injury  0  0  day  Aspect B3: Development and Training  B3.1  Percentage of trained employees  Total number of trained employees  16  20  employee  Percentage of total employees trained  57%  51%  %  By gender  Female  50%  55%  %  Male  50%  45%  %  By employee category  Management  38%  20%  %  Senior  25%  10%  %  Middle  38%  30%  %  Junior  0%  35%  %  By function  Executive  38%  -  %  Technical  38%  -  %  Administrative  24%  -  %  B3.2  Average training hours completed  Average training hours per employee  1.07  1.46  hour/employee  By gender  Female  1.00  1.35  hour/employee  Male  1.13  1.58  hour/employee  By employee category  Management  0.90  0.50  hour/employee  Senior  1.88  0.80  hour/employee  Middle  1.80  2.40  hour/employee  Junior  0.00  2.63  hour/employee  By function  Executive  1.93  -  hour/employee  Technical  1.80  -  hour/employee  Administrative  0.47  -  hour/employee   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Social Aspects  2022  2021  Unit  Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management  B5.1  Number of suppliers by geographical region  Total number of suppliers  24  26  supplier  By geographical region  Hong Kong  9  6  supplier  China  15  17  supplier  United States  -  2  supplier  United Kingdom  -  1  supplier  Aspect B6: Product Responsibility  B6.1  Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls  0%  0%  %  B6.2  Number of products and service-related complaints received  9  5  no.  Aspect B7: Anti-corruption  B7.1  Number of concluded legal cases regarding corruption  0  0  case  B7.3  Anti-corruption training  Number of anti-corruption training session  16  14  no.  Total number of training hours related to anti-corruption  28.5  25  hour  Percentage of employee  with anti-corruption  training  Directors  33%  67%  %  General employees  54%  36%  %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Ruan Deqing （阮德清） ,  aged 58, is the Chairman and an executive Director and is responsible for the operating and financial matters of the Group. He also acts as the compliance officer of the Group. Mr. Ruan was  appointed  as  a  Director  on  5  May  2010.  Mr.  Ruan  graduated  from  the  Zhengzhou  Institute  of  Railway Mechanics （鄭州鐵路機械學校） in  1986  and  obtained  an  Adult  Education  Diploma  in  Advertising  from the  Xiamen  University （廈門大學） in  July  2000.  Mr.  Ruan  has  more  than  twenty  years  of  experience  in  the advertising  industry.  Prior  to  co-founding  the  Group  with  Mr.  Lin  Pintong,  Mr.  Ruan  worked  as  a  technician of the locomotive depot in Fuzhou of Nanchang Railway Bureau （南昌鐵路局福州機務處） during the period from 1986 to 1997. During the period from 1997 to 1999, Mr. Ruan worked at Fujian Huashui Advertising and Decorating  Company  Limited （福建華稅廣告裝潢有限公司） .  Mr.  Ruan  was  the  general  manager  of  Fujian Annual  Ring  Advertisement  Co.,  Ltd. （福州年輪廣告有限公司） during  the  period  from  1999  to  2002.  From August  2002  to  April  2010,  Mr.  Ruan  was  the  general  manager  of  Fujian  Ao  Shen  Media  Advertising  Co., Ltd. （福建省奧神傳媒廣告有限責任公司） .  Mr.  Ruan  has  an  interest  in  the  shares  of  the  Company  under the  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  as  disclosed  in  the  section  headed  'Directors'  and  chief  executives' interests and short positions in shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations' in this annual report.

Mr. Peng Lichun （彭立春） ,  aged 41, is an executive Director appointed on 5 March 2015 and resigned on 14 June 2022. Mr. Peng has over 15 years of working experience in financial industry and has solid experience in  corporate  fund  raising  and  management  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  People's  Republic  of  China  (the  'PRC'). Mr.  Peng  obtained  a  professional  certificate  of  economic  management  and  computer  management  from Xiangtan University （湘潭大學） , PRC in 2002. He is currently a director in a wealth management company in Shenzhen which focusing securities investment and wealth management in the PRC.

Mr.  Ma  Pun  Fai （馬彬輝） ,  aged  54,  is  an  executive  Director  appointed  on  25  August  2015.  Mr.  Ma  has over 20 years' experience in administration and management. He is currently a managing director in a local electronics  company.  Mr.  Ma  had  been  working  in  the  entertainment  and  advertising  industry  for  around ten  years,  and  was  responsible  for  administrative  and  managerial  work  in  several  domestic  and  foreign enterprises.

## Independent non-executive Directors

Ms. Tay Sheve Li （鄭雪莉） , aged 50, is an independent non-executive Director appointed on 30 September 2013. Ms. Tay is the independent non executive Director who has the qualifications and experience to meet the  requirements  under  Rule  5.05(2)  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.  Ms.  Tay  graduated  from  the  University  of Strathclyde, United Kingdom, in July 1994 with a bachelor's degree in arts majoring in accounting and finance and received her master's degree in applied finance from University of Western Sydney in September 2004.

Ms. Tay is a certified public accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants  in  English  and  Wales.  Ms.  Tay  has  over  15  years  of  experience  in  accounting  and  auditing experience.  From  November  1997  to  September  2007,  she  worked  at  Ernst  &amp;  Young  as  a  senior  manager in  audit  assurance.  From  October  2007  to  September  2010,  Ms.  Tay  worked  at  Ernst  &amp;  Young  as  a  senior manager in the finance department. From October 2010 to June 2011, Ms. Tay was the president of finance and  capital  management  department  in  Centron  Telecom  International  Holding  Ltd.,  a  company  previously listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1155).

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Ms.  Tay  was  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  SSLJ.com  Limited,  a  company  previously  listed  on Nasdaq  (stock  code:  YGTY,  formerly  known  as  SSLJ),  and  delisted  in  July  2019,  her  employment  was  from October  2018  to  January  2019  and  from  March  to  July  2019.  Ms.  Tay  was  an  independent  non-executive director of China Internet Nationwide Financial Services Inc., a company listed on Nasdaq (stock code: CIFS), from 22 February 2017 to 17 April 2020.

Mr. Yau  Kit Yu （邱潔如） ,  aged  69,  is  an  independent  non-executive  Director  appointed  on  24  November 2015. Mr. Yau has over 30 years of experience in the trading and marketing industries. He started his career in  sales  activities  in  1978,  and  has  since  2000  served  in  various  companies  selling  agricultural  products  as marketing directors, mainly responsible for the overall management of sales and marketing.

Ms. Lam Man Chi （林敏芝） ,  aged 38, is an independent non-executive Director appointed on 23 February 2021. Ms. Lam has over 10 years of management and marketing experience in the retail and finance industry.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Wang Hao （王浩） , aged 53, is appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of 33 Financial Services Limited and  is  responsible  for  developing  and  managing  payment  product  business.  Mr.  Wang  holds  a  Master  of Finance Degree from the University of Technology. Mr. Wang has over 28 years of experience in the finance industry,  with  over  15  years  of  managerial  experience  in  various  banks  including  Bank  of  Communications (HK) Limited, BOC(HK) Credit Card (International) Limited and Bank of China (HK) Limited. He was responsible for the innovation and development of new products and new businesses in retail banking, including prepaid card  issuance  and  operations.  He  was  also  involved  in  all  aspects  of  the  Stored  Valued  Facility  business including the management of the prepaid card storage limits, anti-money laundering and combating terrorist financing strategies and control, technology and payment security risk, and business continuity plan.

Mr.  Yeung  Man  Sun （楊万鋠） ,  aged  42,  was  appointed  as  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company  with effect from 18 January 2019 and resigned with effect from 14 June 2022. He graduated from City University of Hong Kong with a bachelor degree in Business Administration (Honours) in Accountancy and received his master's degree in Corporate Governance from Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Mr. Yeung is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, associate member of both the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in the United Kingdom and The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries. He has over 15 years of experience in accounting, auditing and finance industry. During the Year, Mr. Yeung has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 5.15 of the GEM Listing Rules.

Mr.  Lam  Chee  Sum  Eddie （林智深） ,  aged  48,  is  appointed  as  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company with effect from 14 June 2022. He graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles with a Bachelor of Arts  degree  in  Business  Economics.  Mr.  Lam  is  a  full  member  of  the  California  Board  of Accountancy  of Certified Public Accountants and a Chartered Financial Analyst charter holder. He has over 20 years' working experience in the field of accounting, auditing and company secretarial services. During the Year, Mr. Lam has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 5.15 of the GEM Listing Rules.

The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited consolidated financial statements for the Year .

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  principal  business  activity  of  the  Company  is  investment  holding.  The  principal  activities  and  other particulars  of  the  Company's  principal  subsidiaries  are  set  out  in  note  35  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

Please  refer  to  the  section  headed  'Management  discussion  and  analysis'  of  this  annual  report  for  a business review of the Group for the Year.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The Group's results for the Year and the state of affairs of the Company and the Group as at 31 December are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 60 to 133 of this annual report.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of any dividend for the Year (2021: Nil).

## FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the past five financial years, as extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements, is set out on page 134 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group is aware of its rising environmental responsibility to the community and is committed to reducing the negative impacts on the environment caused by the operation of its business and enhancing its influence among  different  stakeholders.  Details  of  the  environmental  policies  and  performance  are  set  out  in  the section headed 'Environmental Social and Governance Report' on pages 22 to 36 of this annual report.

## COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The  Company  seeks  to  ensure  compliance  with  all  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations  through  various measures  such  as  internal  controls  and  approval  procedures  and  training  at  different  levels  of  the  Group. During the Year, the Group had compiled with, and was not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact on the business of the Group.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save  for  the  share  option  scheme  of  the  Company,  the  details  of  which  are  disclosed  in  note  26  to  the consolidated financial statements, no equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the Year or subsisted at the end of the year under review.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  movements  in  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  the  Group  are  set  out  in  note  15  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details  of  movements  in  the  Company's  share  capital  during  the  Year  are  set  out  in  note  25  to  the consolidated financial statements.

An  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the  Company  was  held  on  5 August  2022  in  which  the  resolutions  to approve  (i)  the  proposed  share  consolidation  for  every  four  shares  of  US$0.01  each  into  one  consolidated share  of  par  value  of  US$0.04  each  in  issued  and  unissued  share  capital  of  the  company  ('Share Consolidation');  (ii)  the  proposed  capital  reduction  to  reduce  the  consolidated  share  par  value  from US$0.04  to  US$0.001  by  cancelling  the  paid-up  capital  of  the  Company  to  the  extent  of  US$0.039  on  each of  the  issued  consolidated  shares  ('Capital  Reduction');  and  (iii)  the  proposed  sub-division  of  each  of  the authorised but unissued consolidated shares of par value of US$0.04 each into forty (40) new shares of par value of US$0.001 each ('Share Sub-division') were passed by the shareholders of the Company. The Share Consolidation  became  effective  on  2  September  2022.  The  Capital  Reduction  and  the  Share  Sub-division are  still  subject  to  certain  conditions.  Further  announcement(s)  will  be  made  by  the  Company  to  inform the  shareholders  of  the  effective  date  of  the  Capital  Reduction  and  the  Share  Sub-division  as  and  when appropriate.

Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 25 July 2022, 5 August 2022, 31 August 2022 and 20 December 2022 and the circular of the Company dated 5 August 2022 for details.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There  are  no  provisions  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Company's  articles  of  association  or  the  laws  of the  Cayman  Islands  which  would  oblige  the  Company  to  offer  new  shares  on  a  pro  rata  basis  to  existing shareholders.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

During  the  Year,  neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  purchased,  sold  or  redeemed  any  of  the Company's listed securities.

## RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the Year are set out in pages 62 and 133 respectively.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 31 December 2022, the Company's reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the Companies Law, Chapter 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands, amounted to approximately RMB75,743,000 (2021: RMB32,509,000).

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

Sales  to  the  Group's  five  largest  customers  accounted  for  approximately  65.2%  (2021:  60.2%)  of  the  total sales for the Year and sales to the largest customer included therein amounted to approximately 21.6% (2021: 29.0%)  of  the  total  sales  for  the  Year.  Services  supplied  from  the  Group's  five  largest  suppliers  accounted for  approximately 60.4% (2021: 45.1%) of the total cost of sales for the year and service supplied from the Group's largest supplier included therein amounted to approximately 16.6% (2021: 14.9%) of the total cost of sales for the year. None of the Directors or any of their close associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) or  any  shareholders  (which,  to  the  best  knowledge  of  the  Directors,  own  more  than  5%  of  the  Company's issued share capital)  had  any  beneficial  interest  in  any  of  the  Group's  five  largest  customers  and  suppliers during the Year.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

A share option scheme was adopted by the Company pursuant to a resolution passed by the shareholders of  the  Company on 17 December 2010 (the 'Old Share Option Scheme') and the Old Share Option Scheme was expired on 16 December 2020. A new share option scheme was adopted by the Company pursuant to a resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company on 30 June 2021 (the 'New Share Option Scheme'). As at 31 December 2022, there were 17,280,000 outstanding share options under the New Share Option Scheme. Details of the outstanding share options are set out below:

| Date of grant  Exercise price  Number of  share  options  outstanding  as at  1 January  2022  Granted  during  the year  Cancelled/  Exercised  during  the year  Lapsed  during  the year  Number of  share  options  outstanding  as at  31 December  2022  Grantees  Validity Period  11 April 2022  HK$0.448  -  17,280,000  -  -  17,280,000  Employees  11 April 2022 till  10 April 2024 (Note)  11 December 2020  HK$0.312  14,400,000  -  -  (14,400,000)  -  Employees  11 December 2020 till  10 December 2022  14,400,000  17,280,000  -  (14,400,000)  17,280,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The closing price of the Company's shares immediately before the date of grant of share options on 11 April 2022 was HK$0.110. As the Company completed share consolidation in September 2022, the theoretical value of the Company's shares as at 11 April 2022 is HK$0.440. Details of the fair value of the options granted are disclosed in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

Saved as disclosed above, no share option was granted, exercised, lapsed or cancelled under the Old Share Option Scheme or the New Share Option Scheme during the Year

Particulars of the New Share Option Scheme adopted by the Group are set out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Year and up to the date of this report were:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Ruan Deqing (Chairman) Mr. Peng Lichun (resigned on 14 June 2022) Mr. Ma Pun Fai

## Independent non-executive Directors

Ms. Tay Sheve Li Mr. Yau Kit Yu Ms. Lam Man Chi

Pursuant  to  the  articles  of  association  of  the  Company,  at  each  annual  general  meeting  one-third  of  the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to  but  not  less  than  one-third,  shall  retire  from  office  by  rotation  and  shall  be  eligible  for  re-election.  Every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall hold office until the next following general meeting of the Company after his/her appointment and shall be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

## BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The  biographical  details  of  Directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Group  are  disclosed  in  the  section headed 'Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management' on pages 37 to 38 of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE AGREEMENTS

Mr. Ruan Deqing, being the executive Director, has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three years and shall be automatically renewed and extended for successive terms of one year unless terminated by either party by giving at least three months' written notice. He is subject to retirement by rotation,  re-election  and  removal  in  accordance  with  the  articles  of  association  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Ma Pun Fai, being executive Directors, have no fixed term of service with the Company but shall be subject to retirement, re-election and removal in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.

Ms. Tay Sheve Li, being an independent non-executive Directors, has entered into a service agreement with the Company for an initial term of one year and shall be automatically renewed and extended for successive terms  of  one  year  unless  terminated  by  either  party  by  giving  at  least  three  months'  written  notice.  Ms. Lam  Man  Chi,  being  an  independent  non-executive  Directors,  has  entered  into  a  service  agreement with  the  Company  for  an  initial  term  of  one  year  and  shall  be  automatically  renewed  and  extended  for successive terms of one year unless terminated by either party by giving at least one month's written notice. Mr. Yau Kit Yu, being independent non-executive Directors, have no fixed term of service with the Company. All  independent  non-executive  Directors  are  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation,  re-election  and  removal  in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.

No  Director  being  proposed  for  re-election  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting  has  a  service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE

The  Company  has  received  from  each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  an  annual  confirmation of  independence  pursuant  to  Rule  5.09  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  and  considers  all  the  independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No  contract  concerning  the  management  and  administration  of  the  whole  or  any  substantial  part  of  the business of the Company was entered into or subsisted during the Year.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group's business to which the Company or its holding company or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or the Director's connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the Year or at any time during the Year.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

Saved  as  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  none  of  the  Directors  or  the  controlling  shareholders  or  their respective associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) had any interests in the business that competes or may compete with the business of the Group or had any other conflicts of interest with the Group during the Year.

## NON-COMPETE UNDERTAKING

On 17 December 2010, Mr. Lin Pintong, Mr. Ruan Deqing, Lizhong Limited, Broad Win Limited and Joint Loyal Limited  (collectively,  the  'Controlling  Shareholders'),  have  given  an  irrevocable  non-compete  undertaking (the  'Non-compete  Undertaking')  in  favour  of  the  Group  pursuant  to  which  each  of  them  irrevocably, unconditionally,  jointly  and  severally  undertaken,  among  other  matters,  not  to,  directly  or  indirectly,  carry on, invest in or be engaged in any business which would or might compete with the business of the Group. Details  of  the  Non-compete  Undertaking  have  been  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'Relationship  with  our Controlling Shareholders' of the prospectus of the Company dated 22 February 2011.

The Non-compete Undertaking has become effective from the listing date of the Company.

The Company has received the confirmation from the Controlling Shareholders in respect of their compliance with the terms of the Non-compete Undertaking during the Year.

The  independent  non-executive  Directors  had  reviewed  and  confirmed  that  the  Controlling  Shareholders have complied with the Non-compete Undertaking and the Non-compete Undertaking has been enforced by the Company in accordance with its terms during the Year.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant  to  the  articles  and  associations  of  the  Company,  the  Directors  shall  be  indemnified  and  secured harmless  out  of  the  assets  of  the  Company  from  and  against  all  actions,  costs,  charges,  losses,  damages and expenses which they or any of them, their or any of their executors or administrators, shall or may incur or sustain by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty. Such provisions were in force during the Year and remained in force as at the date of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  interests  and  short  positions  of  the  Directors  and  chief  executives  of  the Company in  the  shares,  underlying  shares  and  debentures  of  the  Company  or  its  associated  corporations (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  (the  'SFO')),  which  were  required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including  any  interests  and  short  positions  which  they  have  taken  or  deemed  to  have  taken  under  such provisions  of  the  SFO),  or  which  were  required,  pursuant  to  Section  352  of  the  SFO,  to  be  entered  in  the register  referred  to  therein,  or  which  were  required,  pursuant  to  the  Rules  5.46  to  5.67  of  the  GEM  Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:

## Long positions in the ordinary Shares (the 'Shares') of the Company

| Name of Director  Nature of interest  Number of  Shares held  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding  (%)  Mr. Ruan Deqing  Interest of a controlled corporation  14,400,500  (Note 1)  8.33   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) These  Shares  were  registered  in  the  name  of  Lizhong  Limited  ('Lizhong'),  48.73%  of  the  entire  issued  share  capital  of  which  was owned by Joint Loyal Limited ('Joint Loyal'). The entire issued share capital of Joint Loyal was owned by Mr. Ruan Deqing ('Mr. Ruan'), an executive director. Mr. Ruan was deemed to be interested in all the Shares in which Joint Loyal was interested by virtue of the SFO. Mr. Ruan was the sole director of Joint Loyal.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company had any other interests  or  short  positions  in  any  shares,  underlying  shares  or  debentures  of  the  Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including any interests and short positions which they have taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' AND OTHER PERSONS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 December 2022, the following persons (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests  or  short  positions  in  the  shares  or  underlying  shares  of  the  Company  as  recorded  in  the  register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:

## Long positions in Shares and underlying Shares

| Name of shareholder  Nature of interest  Number of  Shares held  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding  (%)  Mr. Lin Pintong (Note 1)  Interest of a controlled corporation  14,400,500  8.33  Lizhong (Note 1)  Beneficial owner  14,400,500  8.33  Broad Win (Note 1)  Interest of a controlled corporation  14,400,500  8.33  Ms. Pan Xiaoying (Note 2)  Interest of spouse  14,400,500  8.33  Joint Loyal (Note 1)  Interest of a controlled corporation  14,400,500  8.33  Ms. Liu Sibin (Note 3)  Interest of spouse  14,400,500  8.33  New Express Investment  Limited (Note 4)  Beneficial owner  9,103,000  5.27  China Investment and  Finance Group Limited  (Note 4)  Interest of a controlled corporation  9,103,000  5.27   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (1) These Shares were registered in the name of and beneficially owned by Lizhong, 48.73% and 48.73% of the entire issued share capital of Lizhong was owned by Broad Win Limited ('Broad Win') and Joint Loyal respectively. The entire issued share capital of Broad Win and Joint Loyal was owned by Mr. Lin Pintong ('Mr. Lin') and Mr. Ruan respectively. Under the SFO, each of Mr. Lin, Mr. Ruan, Broad Win and Joint Loyal was deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Lizhong. The directors of Lizhong are Mr. Lin, Mr. Ruan and Mr. Han Wenqian.
- (2) Ms.  Pan  Xiaoying  ('Ms.  Pan')  was  the  spouse  of  Mr.  Lin.  Therefore,  Ms.  Pan  was  deemed,  or  taken  to  be,  interested  in  the  Shares which Mr. Lin was deemed, or taken to be interested in for the purposes of the SFO.
- (3) Ms. Liu Sibin ('Ms. Liu') was the spouse of Mr. Ruan. Therefore, Ms. Liu was deemed, or taken to be, interested in the Shares which Mr. Ruan is deemed, or taken to be interested in for the purposes of the SFO.
- (4) These Shares were registered in the name of and beneficially owned by New Express Investment Limited ('New Express Investment'). The  entire  issued  share  capital  of  New  Express  Investment  was  owned  by  China  Investment  and  Finance  Group  Limited  ('China Investment'). China Investment was deemed to be interested in all the Shares in which New Express Investment was interested by virtue of the SFO.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors are not aware of any other persons (other than  Directors  or  chief  executive  of  the  Company)  who  had  interests  or  short  positions  in  the  shares  or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The  Company  is  committed  to  maintaining  the  highest  standard  of  corporate  governance  practices. Information  on  the  corporate  governance  practices  adopted  by  the  Company  is  set  out  in  the  Corporate Governance Report on pages 10 to 21 of this annual report.

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

The  Remuneration  Committee  is  responsible  for  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  Company's policy  and  structure  for  all  Directors  and  senior  management  remuneration,  having  regard  to  market competitiveness, individual performance and achievement. The Company has adopted a share option scheme as an incentive to directors and other eligible participants, details of the scheme is set out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

Details  of  the  Directors'  remuneration  and  the  five  highest  paid  employees  are  set  out  in  note  11  to  the financial statements respectively.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of related party transactions of the Group during the Year are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements. Those related party transactions constitute continuing connected transactions exempted from the reporting, announcement and independent shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 20 of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules. The  Company confirmed that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During  the  Year,  certain  transactions  entered  into  by  the  Group  with  the  Connected  Persons  (as  defined below)  constituted  non-exempt  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company  under  the  GEM  Listing Rules.

Mr.  Lin  Pintong  ('Mr.  Lin')  and  Mr.  Ruan  Deqing  ('Mr.  Ruan')  were  controlling  shareholders  of  the  Company, while Mr. Ruan is also a Director of the Company. Fujian Ao Shen Media Advertising Co. Ltd and Beijing Datisu Media Advertising Co., Ltd,  (collectively  the 'Contracting  Entities',  each  a 'Contracting  Entity')  were  owned as to 50% and 50% by Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan and are associates of Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan. By virtue of the GEM Listing  Rules,  Mr.  Lin,  Mr.  Ruan  and  the  Contracting  Entities  (collectively,  the  'Connected  Persons')  were regarded as connected persons of the Company.

For reason as disclosed in the section headed 'Connected transactions' in the prospectus of the Company dated  22  February  2011,  a  series  of  contracts  (the  'Structure  Agreements')  were  entered  into  by,  among others, Aoshen Technology Service (Fuzhou) Co., Ltd. ('Aoshen Technology'), Hongkong Ao Shen Investment Co.,  Limited  ('Aoshen  Hong  Kong'),  Mr.  Lin,  Mr.  Ruan  and  the  Contracting  Entities  on  17  December  2010 which include:

- (1) framework agreements (the 'Framework Agreements') dated 17 December 2010 entered into between (i) Aoshen Technology; (ii) the Contracting Entities; and (iii) Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan, whereby the Contracting Entities  have  undertaken,  among  others,  not  to  enter  into  any  material  business  transaction  without the  prior  written  consent  of  Aoshen  Technology.  The  Contracting  Entities  shall  appoint  individuals  as nominated  by  Aoshen  Technology  to  be  their  directors  and  key  management  as  and  when  Aoshen Technology sees fit. Furthermore, Aoshen Technology or its nominees is entitled to exercise their rights as  if  they  were  the  shareholder  of  the  Contracting  Entities. Any  dividend,  distributable  reserve  and/or other  assets  (including  residual  assets  upon  dissolution  of  the  Contracting  Entities)  derived  from  the equity  interests  in  the  Contracting  Entities  shall  also  be  paid  to  Aoshen  Technology  or  to  such  other entities  or  otherwise  deal  with  in  such  other  manner  as  Aoshen  Technology  may  direct.  Each  of  the Framework Agreements  has  become  effective  when  it  was  executed  on  17  December  2010  and  will remain effective for a perpetual term unless and until terminated by Aoshen Technology by the giving of a 30-day advance notice in writing; or pursuant to the terms under other agreements entered into by the relevant parties; and it will be automatically terminated upon dissolution of the relevant Contracting Entity;

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

- (2) exclusivity  agreements  (the 'Exclusivity Agreements')  dated  17  December  2010  entered  into  between Aoshen Technology and the Contracting Entities whereby the Contracting Entities have engaged Aoshen Technology  on  an  exclusive  basis  to  provide  consultation  services  in  the  management  of  assets, operation  and  liabilities,  sales  and  marketing  and  other  supporting  services.  In  consideration  of  the provision of the aforementioned services by Aoshen Technology, the Contracting Entities have agreed to pay to Aoshen Technology (or such other entities as Aoshen Technology may direct) fees on an annual basis  in  arrears.  Fees  payable  to  Aoshen Technology  by  the  Contracting  Entities  will  be  equivalent  to the total revenue less all the related costs, expenses and taxes of the respective Contracting Entities, as audited by certified public accountants of the PRC. Each of the Exclusivity Agreements has become effective  when  it  was  executed  on  17  December  2010  and  will  remain  effective  for  a  perpetual  term unless and until terminated by Aoshen Technology by the giving of a 30-day advance notice in writing; and it will be automatically terminated upon dissolution of the relevant Contracting Entity;
- (3) equity  pledge  agreements  dated  17  December  2010  entered  into  between  Aoshen  Technology, Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan, whereby Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan have pledged their entire interests in each of the Contracting Entities to secure the payment of consultations services fees to Aoshen Technology under the  Exclusivity  Agreements.  Aoshen  Technology  is  entitled  to  exercise  its  rights  to  sell  the  pledged equity  interests  on  occurrence  of  any  non-payment  of  such  fees.  None  of  the  equity  interests  in  the Contracting  Entities  can  be  pledged  or  transferred  unless  otherwise  with  prior  consent  from  Aoshen Technology.  Furthermore,  Aoshen  Technology  is  entitled  to  all  dividends  derived  from  the  pledged equity interests in the Contracting Entities. Each of the equity pledge agreements has become effective when it was executed on 17 December 2010 until all payments in each of the Exclusivity Agreements are  settled  by  the  relevant  Contracting  Entity,  as  well  as  upon  which  the  relevant  Contracting  Entity is  no  longer  responsible  for  the  performance  under  the  Exclusivity  Agreements;  and  they  will  be automatically terminated upon dissolution of the relevant Contracting Entity;
- (4) option agreements dated 17 December 2010 entered into between Aoshen Hong Kong, each of Mr. Lin and  Mr.  Ruan  and  each  of  the  Contracting  Entities  whereby  Aoshen  Hong  Kong  has  been  granted options  to  acquire  the  entire  equity  interest  in  the  Contracting  Entities  at  nil  consideration  or  the minimum amount as permitted by the applicable PRC laws. Subject to compliance with the PRC laws, such options may be exercised at any time and in any manner at the sole discretion of Aoshen Hong Kong.  Prior  to  the  exercise  of  such  options,  the  respective  registered  capital  or  assets,  business  or revenues of the Contracting Entities shall not be reduced or disposed of unless with the prior consent from  Aoshen  Hong  Kong  or  Aoshen  Technology.  Subject  to  the  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and the  constitutional  documents  of  each  of  the  Contracting  Entities,  any  dividends,  distributable  reserve and/or other assets (including residual assets upon dissolution of the Contracting Entities) shall also be assigned or transferred to Aoshen Hong Kong, its subsidiaries in the PRC or to such other entities or otherwise deal with in such other manner as Aoshen Hong Kong may direct as soon as practicable but in  any  event  no  later  than  three  days  upon  such  receipt.  Each  of  the  option  agreements  has  become effective when it was executed on 17 December 2010 and will only expire on the date on which all the equity interests in  the  Contracting  Entities  are  transferred  to Aoshen  Hong  Kong  and/or  its  nominees, and the registrations of such equity transfers in the relevant Administration of Industry and Commerce in  the  PRC  are  completed;  and  it  will  be  automatically  terminated  upon  dissolution  of  the  relevant Contracting Entity; and

- (5) power  of  attorney  dated  17  December  2010  entered  into  between  Aoshen  Technology,  Mr.  Lin  and Mr. Ruan in respect of each of the Contracting Entities whereby the Group is authorised to exercise its rights in the Contracting Entities as if it were the ultimate beneficial owner of the Contracting Entities. Each of the power of attorney has become effective when it was executed on 17 December 2010 and will remain effective during the term of the Framework Agreements.

The  purpose  of  the  Structure Agreements  is  to  provide  the  Group  with  effective  control  over  the  financial and  operational  policies  of  the  Contracting  Entities  and  Beijing  FanPei  Culture  Media  Co.  Ltd.  (collectively the 'Operating Entities'), to obtain the economic benefits from the Operating Entities and acquire the equity interests in the Contracting Entities as and when permitted under the applicable PRC laws and to allow the Company to consolidate the assets, liabilities, equity, income and expenses of the Operating Entities into the Group's consolidated financial statements as if they were the Group's subsidiaries, and the economic benefit of their business flows to the Group.

## BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF THE CONTRACTING ENTITIES AND THEIR SIGNIFICANCE TO THE GROUP

The  Contracting  Entities,  namely  Fujian  Ao  Shen  and  Beijing  Datisu,  were  the  two  operating  companies established in the PRC for the purpose of implementing the Contractual Arrangements and were owned as to  50%  and  50%  by  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan. As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Operating  Entities  were  principally engaged in the printed media business as well as outdoor and digital advertising business.

Pursuant to the prevailing laws and regulations in China, enterprises with foreign ownership are prohibited from engaging in the business of web publishing, publication and general distribution of books, periodicals and  newspapers  in  China.  Therefore  the  Group  entered  into  cooperation  agreements  with  our  partners  in the  PRC  through  the  Contracting  Entities  for  the  operation  and  distribution  of  printed  media  and  digital advertising. The revenue from the Operating Entities contributed approximately 3.5% of the total revenue of the  Group  for  the  Year.  Accordingly,  the  Board  considers  that  the  Contracting  Entities  and  the  Contractual Arrangements are insignificant to the business of the Group.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The  table  below  sets  out  the  revenue  and  loss  for  the  year  of  the  Contracting  Entities  for  the  Year  and the  total  assets  and  total  liabilities  of  the  Contracting  Entities,  including  intercompany  balances,  as  at  31 December 2022:

| For the  year ended  31 December  2022  Approximate  percentage of  contribution to  the Group  RMB million  (%)  Revenue  2.5  3.5%  Loss for the year  1.6  2.8%  As at  31 December  2022  Approximate  percentage of  contribution to  the Group  (note)  RMB million  (%)  Total assets  65.7  18.0%  Total liabilities  31.5  11.2%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The  total  assets  and  total  liabilities  of  the  Contracting  Entities  (i.e.  the  numerator  in  calculation  of  the  percentage)  include  a significant  amount  of  intercompany  balances  of  the  Group  of  approximately  RMB44.3  million  and  RMB13.0  million,  respectively. Assuming  such  intercompany  balances  of  the  Group  are  excluded  from  the  total  assets  and  total  liabilities  of  the  Group  in calculation of the percentage, the total assets of the Contracting Entities account for approximately 5.9% of the total assets of the Group as at 31 December 2022 whereas the total liabilities of the Contracting Entities account for approximately 6.6% of the total liabilities of the Group as at 31 December 2022.

## RISKS RELATING TO THE CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS AND ACTIONS TAKEN BY THE COMPANY TO MITIGATE THE RISKS

## There  is  no  assurance  that  the  Contractual  Arrangements  are  in  compliance  with future PRC laws and regulations

Although  the  PRC  legal  advisers  of  the  Company  confirms  that  the  Structure  Agreements  constitute  valid and binding contractual arrangements between the parties thereto and are in compliance with the prevailing and  applicable  laws  or  regulations  in  China,  there  is  no  assurance  that  there  will  be  no  future  laws  and regulations  promulgated  by  the  PRC  government  that  would  limit  the  implementation  of  the  arrangements under the Structure Agreements.

If the Structure Agreements are considered to be in breach of the applicable laws and regulations in China in the future, the Group could be subject to penalty imposed by the PRC government or that the arrangements under  the  Structure  Agreements  would  need  to  discontinue  or  be  subject  to  such  other  conditions  or requirements that the Group may not be able to comply with.

Moreover,  if  the  ownership  structure,  contractual  arrangements  and  businesses  under  the  Contractual Arrangements  are  found  to  be  in  violation  of  any  existing  or  future  laws  or  regulations  in  China,  the  PRC government would have discretion in dealing with such violations, including:

- -revoking the business licence of Aoshen Technology, which business and operations are essential to the operation of the Group's business;
- -levying fines;
- -confiscating the income of Aoshen Technology;
- -discontinuing or restricting the Group's operations;
- -imposing  conditions  or  requirements  with  which  the  Group's  operations  may  not  be  able  to  comply with;
- -requiring  the  Group  to  restructure  its  relevant  ownership  structure,  operations  or  contractual arrangements; and
- -taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could be harmful to the Group's business.

If  the PRC government takes any of the above mentioned measures against the Group, the Group may have to cease its business and the Group's operating results could be adversely affected.

## The Company relies on the Contractual Arrangements to control and obtain economic benefits  from  the  Operating  Entities,  which  may  not  be  as  effective  in  providing operational control as direct ownership

As the Company obtains the revenue generated by the Operating Entities from the arrangements under the Structure Agreements, if Mr. Lin, Mr. Ruan and/or the Contracting Entities breach their obligations under the Structure Agreements or if the Contracting Entities loses effective control over the Operating Entities for any reason, there might be cessation of the Structure Agreements.

Cessation of the arrangements under the Structure Agreements could result in the Operating Entities ceasing to  contribute  revenue  to  the  Group  until  alternative  arrangements  are  found.  There  might  be  disruption or  discontinuance  of  the  Group's  operations  if  alternative  arrangements  cannot  be  found  or  if  any  new arrangements  cannot  be  put  into  effect  in  a  timely  manner.  Any  of  these  incidents  could  have  a  material adverse effect on the Group's business, operating results and financial condition.

## Actions taken by the Company to mitigate the risks

In light of the risks set out above, the Company would seek legal advice from its PRC legal advisers regarding the  legality,  validity  and  enforceability  of  Contractual Arrangements  regularly  so  as  to  identify  and  mitigate the  adverse  impact  brought  by  the  Contractual Arrangements  in  a  timely  manner  as  a  result  of  the  future PRC laws and regulations.

In addition, it is the intention of the Group to unwind the Contractual Arrangements when foreign investment in  the  business of publication and general distribution of books, periodicals and newspapers in China is no longer restricted in the PRC. However, as at the date of this report, such restrictions remain subsisted in the PRC and therefore the Contractual Arrangements are still subsisting as at the date of this report.

## Confirmation of independent non-executive Directors:

The  independent  non-executive  Directors  have  reviewed  the  above  continuing  connected  transactions  and confirmed that these transactions have been entered into:

- (1) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;
- (2) either on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favourable to the Company than terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent third parties;
- (3) in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  Structure  Agreements  that  are  fair  and  reasonable  and  in  the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole and have been operated so that the revenue generated by the Contracting Entities has been substantially retained by Aoshen Technology; and
- (4) no dividends or other distributions have been made by the Contracting Entities to the holders of their respective equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.

## Assurance Engagement on Continuing Connected Transactions:

The  Company  auditor,  was  engaged  to  report  on  the  Group's  continuing  connected  transactions  in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740 Auditors' Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of  Certified  Public  Accountants.  The  auditor  has  issued  his  assurance  report  containing  his  findings  and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 20.54 of the GEM Listing Rules. A copy of the assurance report has been provided by the Company to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained sufficient public float throughout the Year and as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.

## EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

No significant events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2022.

## AUDITOR

On 26 January 2021, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, who acted as the auditors of the Company, resigned and  McM  (HK)  CPA  Limited  was  appointed  as  the  auditors  of  the  Company.  The  details  of  the  change  of auditors are set out in the Company's announcement dated 26 January 2021.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been audited by  McM  (HK)  CPA  Limited,  who  will  retire,  and  being  eligible,  offer  themselves  for  re-appointment  at  the forthcoming annual general meeting. A resolution for their re-appointment as auditors of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

On Behalf of the Board Ruan Deqing

Chairman

Hong Kong, 31 March 2023

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## ncn McM (HK) CPA Limited

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA 33 MEDIA GROUP LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  China  33  Media  Group  Limited  (the  'Company') and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Group')  set  out  on  pages  60  to  133,  which  comprise the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  the  consolidated  statement of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income,  the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  and the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  consolidated  financial position  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  of  its  consolidated  financial  performance  and  its consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  International  Financial  Reporting Standards ('IFRSs') issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the Hong Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA').  Our  responsibilities  under  those  standards  are further  described  in  the  Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants ('the Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN

We draw attention to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements which reveals that as at 31 December 2022, the Group had cash and bank balance approximately RMB2,941,000, which is not sufficient to fulfill the finance obligation on repayment of the bond payable amount to RMB12,399,000, that is going to mature on 22  July  2023.  These  conditions  indicate  the  existence  of  a  material  uncertainty  which  may  cast  significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Notwithstanding the above, these consolidated financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the  basis  that  the  Group  will  continue  to  operate  as  a  going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming  our  opinion  thereon,  and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in the Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern, the key audit matters we identified are: 1. impairment of film rights; 2.  impairment  on  prepayment  for  film  and  entertainment  business;  3.  impairment  assessment  on  trade receivables.

## Impairment of film rights

Refer to note 3 and note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.

We identified the impairment assessment on provision of film rights with the carrying amount approximately of RMB9,065,000 as disclosed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements as a key audit matter due to the judgment and estimation uncertainty associated with the provision assessment.

The management of the Group assesses the provision of film rights on a film-by-film basis. The recoverable amount  of  the  film  rights  was  determined  based  on  the  present  value  of  the  expected  future  revenue generated  from  the  film  less  future  cost  of  sales.  If  the  recoverable  amount  is  lower  than  the  carrying amount, the carrying amount of the film rights will be written down to its recoverable amount.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  a  provision  made  on  film  right  of  approximately  RMB2,585,000 was recognised.

Our procedures in relation to valuation of film rights included:

- -Obtaining all agreements for the sales of film rights entered into after the end of the reporting period;
- -Examining the supporting documents for the installments received from the buyers for the sales of film rights; and
- -Assessing and challenging the management's assessment on the recoverability for those film rights not yet sold at the end of the reporting period including those assumption used in the forecast model.

## Impairment on prepayment for film and entertainment business

Refer to note 3 and note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.

We  identified  the  prepayment  for  film  and  entertainment  business  amounting  approximately  to RMB28,733,000 as disclosed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements as a key audit matter in view of the significant balance.

The amount represents the prepayment to the production companies who are responsible for the production of  movies  and  television  dramas,  concert  production  services  and  concert  event  management.  The prepayment for  film  and  entertainment  business  will  be  reclassified  to  film  rights  upon  commencement  of production of the related films.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  an  impairment  made  on  such  prepayment  of  approximately RMB22,401,000 was recognised.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Impairment on prepayment for film and entertainment business (continued)

Our procedures in relation to the impairment on prepayment for film and entertainment business included:

- -Perform aging analysis on the prepayment for film and entertainment;
- -Assess  the  relevant  control  effectiveness  from  the  management  on  the  prepayment  for  film  and entertainment;
- -Obtaining cooperative agreements signed with the production companies;
- -Checking  the  payment  details  against  the  terms  of  the  cooperative  agreements  to  assess  the appropriateness of the recognition of prepayment;
- -Obtaining confirmations to confirm the prepayment for film and entertainment business balance;
- -Conducting company searches on the production companies to ensure they are not related parties;
- -Conducting interviews, on a sample basis, with the production companies to understand the progress of the production; and
- -Challenging managements assessment in the recoverable amount of the prepayment for which the film production has not proceeded for a long period of time.

## Impairment assessment on trade receivables

Refer to note 3, note 18 and note 31 to the consolidated financial statements

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  gross  trade  receivables  of  approximately  RMB99,088,000  and provision for impairment of approximately RMB41,811,000.

In  general,  the  credit  terms  granted  by  the  Group  to  the  customers  ranged  between  30  to  365  days. Management  performed  periodic  assessment  on  the  recoverability  of  the  trade  receivables  and  the sufficiency of provision for impairment based on information including credit profile of different customers, ageing of the trade receivables, historical settlement records, subsequent settlement status, expected timing and  amount  of  realisation  of  outstanding  balances,  and  on-going  trading  relationships  with  the  relevant customers.  Management  also  considered  forward-looking  information  that  may  impact  the  customers' ability to repay the outstanding balances in order to estimate the expected credit losses for the impairment assessment.

We identified this area as the key audit matter due to the impairment assessment of trade receivables under the expected credit losses model involved the use of significant management judgements and estimates.

Our  procedures  in  relation  to  impairment  assessment  of  the  trade  receivables  as  at  31  December  2022 included:

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Impairment assessment on trade receivables (continued)

- -Understanding and evaluating the key controls that the Group has implemented to manage and monitor its credit risk, and validating the control effectiveness on a sample basis;
- -Checking, on a sample basis, the ageing profile of the trade receivables as at 31 December 2022 to the underlying financial records and post year-end settlements to bank receipts;
- -Inquiring  of  management for  the  status  of  each  of  the  material  trade  receivables  past  due  as  at  year end  and  corroborating  explanations  from  management  with  supporting  evidence,  such  as  performing public search of credit profile of selected customers, understanding on-going business relationship with the customers based on trade records, checking historical and subsequent settlement records of and other correspondence with the customers; and
- -Assessing  the  appropriateness  of  the  expected  credit  loss  provisioning  methodology,  examining  the key  data  inputs  on  a  sample  basis  to  assess  their  accuracy  and  completeness,  and  challenging  the assumptions, including both historical and forward-looking information, used to determine the expected credit losses.

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the other  information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with the  consolidated  financial  statements  or  our  knowledge  obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to be  materially  misstated.  If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to  enable  the  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  that  are  free  from  material  misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The  Audit  Committee  assists  the  directors  in  discharging  their  responsibilities  for  overseeing  the  Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected  to  influence  the  economic  decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these  consolidated  financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- -Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- -Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures that  are  appropriate  in  the  circumstances,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an  opinion  on  the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- -Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- -Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based  on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty  exists  related  to  events  or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- -Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- -Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or business  activities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We  also  provide  the  Audit  Committee  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical requirements  regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and  where  applicable,  actions  taken  to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance  in  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period  and  are  therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in  extremely  rare  circumstances,  we  determine  that  a  matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in the independent auditor's report is Wong Ka Bo, Jimmy.

## McM (HK) CPA Limited

Certified Public Accountants

## Wong Ka Bo, Jimmy

Practising Certificate Number P07560 24/F, Siu On Centre, 188 Lockhart Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

31 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  5  71,049  97,941  Cost of sales  (56,854)  (85,254)  Gross profit  14,195  12,687  Other income  7  4,687  2,265  Other (losses) and gains, net  8  (8,339)  4,740  Selling and distribution expenses  (1,329)  (4,715)  Impairment of film rights  (2,585)  (37,887)  Impairment on prepayment for film and entertainment business  (22,401)  (65,395)  (Allowance for)/reversal of expected credit losses on  trade receivables, net  (3,824)  4,168  Administrative expenses  (36,647)  (28,061)  Finance cost  10  (1,265)  (1,224)  Loss before tax  9  (57,508)  (113,422)  Income tax  12  -  -  Loss for the year  (57,508)  (113,422)  Other comprehensive income, net of income tax  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Exchange differences arising on translation of  foreign operations  13,016  2,690  Total comprehensive expense for the year  (44,492)  (110,732)  Loss for the year attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  (57,469)  (113,154)  - Non-controlling interests  (39)  (268)  (57,508)  (113,422)  Total comprehensive expense for the year  attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (44,453)  (110,464)  Non-controlling interests  (39)  (268)  (44,492)  (110,732)  RMB cents  RMB cents  (restated)  Loss per share  14  Basic and diluted  (33.26)  (65.48)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

At 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  15  4,652  5,957  Right-of-use assets  16  133  856  Prepayments and deposits  18  3,841  2,783  Prepayment for film and entertainment business  19  11,497  19,561  20,123  29,157  Current assets  Film rights  19  9,065  15,893  Trade receivables  18  57,277  45,279  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  18  12,042  8,504  Prepayment for film and entertainment business  19  17,236  35,047  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  17  12,732  19,334  Pledged bank deposits  20  -  2,760  Restricted cash  20  233,463  175,122  Cash and cash equivalents  20  2,941  12,829  344,756  314,768  Current liabilities  Trade payables  21  25,672  14,750  Other payables and accruals  21  240,423  188,799  Contract liabilities  22  366  1,738  Lease liabilities  23  151  814  Bond payable  24  12,399  1,174  Tax payable  1,843  1,362  280,854  208,637  Net current assets  63,902  106,131  Total assets less current liabilities  84,025  135,288  Non-current liabilities  Bond payable  24  -  9,079  Lease liabilities  23  -  139  -  9,218  NET ASSETS  84,025  126,070  Capital and reserves  Share capital  25  44,567  44,567  Reserves  40,909  82,915  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  85,476  127,482  Non-controlling interests  (1,451)  (1,412)  TOTAL EQUITY  84,025  126,070   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  consolidated  financial  statements  on  pages  60  to  134  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the Board of Directors on 31 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:

## Ruan Deqing

DIRECTOR

## Ma Pun Fai

DIRECTOR

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Share capital  Share  premium  Capital  reserve  Statutory  reserve  Share  redemption  reserve  Exchange  reserve  Share option  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Sub-total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Note iii)  (Note i, iii)  (Note ii, iii)  At 1 January 2021  44,567  626,463  26,239  13,174  19  8,042  5,199  (485,757)  237,946  (1,144)  236,802  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (113,154)  (113,154)  (268)  (113,422)  Exchange differences on translation of  foreign operations  -  -  -  -  -  2,690  -  -  2,690  -  2,690  Total comprehensive income/(expense)  for the year  -  -  -  -  -  2,690  -  (113,154)  (110,464)  (268)  (110,732)  Transfer of share option reserve upon  the forfeiture or expiry of  share options  -  -  -  -  -  -  (4,610)  4,610  -  -  -  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  44,567  626,463  26,239  13,174  19  10,732  589  (594,301)  127,482  (1,412)  126,070  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (57,469)  (57,469)  (39)  (57,508)  Exchange differences on translation of  foreign operations  -  -  -  -  -  13,016  -  -  13,016  -  13,016  Total comprehensive income/(expense)  for the year  -  -  -  -  -  13,016  -  (57,469)  (44,453)  (39)  (44,492)  Recognition of equity-settled  share-based payments  (Note 26)  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,447  -  2,447  -  2,447  Transfer of share option reserve upon  the forfeiture or expiry of  share options  (Note 26)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (589)  589  -  -  -  At 31 December 2022  44,567  626,463  26,239  13,174  19  23,748  2,447  (651,181)  85,476  (1,451)  84,025   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) The capital reserve represents the aggregate of:
- (1) the  amount  of  fair  value  of  the  identifiable  net  assets  of  Fujian  Ao  Shen  Media  Advertising  Co.,  Ltd  ('Fujian  Ao  Shen'), Beijing  Datisu  Media Advertising  Co.  Ltd  ('Beijing  Datisu'),  Beijing  Lvban  Media Advertising  Co.,  Ltd,  Shanghai  Lvban  Culture Transmission Co. Ltd, Jinan Lvban Advertising Co. Ltd and Guangzhou Lvban Advertising Co., Ltd of RMB23,797,000 acquired by the Group from Mr. Lin Pintong ('Mr. Lin') and Mr. Ruan Deqing ('Mr. Ruan'), executive directors and controlling shareholders of the Group, on 30 June 2008 at nil consideration; and
- (2) the fair value of share options of Lizhong Limited ('Lizhong'), the former immediate holding company of the Company, granted by  Lizhong  to  employees  of  the  Group  amounting  to  RMB2,442,000  was  recognised  as  share-based  payment  expense  from year 2007 to year 2011 for the services provided by the employees to the Group.
- (ii) As stipulated by the relevant regulations in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC'), the Company's subsidiaries established and operating in the PRC are required to appropriate 10% of their profit after tax as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting rules  and  regulations,  to  the  statutory  reserve  until  the  reserve  balance  reaches  50%  of  the  registered  capital. The  transfer  to  this reserve must be made before distribution of a dividend to equity owners. The statutory reserve can be used to make good previous years'  losses,  if  any,  and  may  be  converted  into  paid-up  capital  by  issuing  additional  capital  to  the  owners  in  proportion  to  the owners' existing equity holdings, provided that the balance after such conversion is not less than 25% of the registered capital.
- (iii) These reserve amounts comprise the consolidated reserve of RMB665,876,000 (2021: RMB665,876,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Loss before tax  (57,508)  (113,422)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  1,260  1,001  Depreciation on right-of-use assets  776  964  Bank interest income  (1,783)  (250)  Finance costs  1,265  1,224  Government grant  -  (627)  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  11  79  Allowance for/(reversal of) expected credit losses on  trade receivables, net  3,824  (4,168)  Impairment loss on prepayment for film and  entertainment business  22,401  65,395  Impairment of film rights  2,585  37,887  Fair value change of financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  8,328  (1,325)  Equity-settled share-based payment expense  2,447  -  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  (16,394)  (13,242)  Change in film rights  12,286  15,145  Change in trade receivables  (8,297)  9,467  Change in prepayments, deposits and other receivables  (4,540)  3,165  Change in prepayment for film and entertainment business  2,636  (16,338)  Change in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  (1,726)  (4,073)  Change in trade payables  10,534  3,312  Change in other payables and accruals  (6,876)  (1,621)  Change in contract liabilities  (1,380)  161  NET CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES  (13,757)  (4,024)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Bank interest received  1,783  250  Government grant received  -  627  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  -  (705)  Withdraw of the pledge bank deposits  2,772  -  NET CASH FLOWS GENERATED FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  4,555  172  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Repayment of bond payable  -  (1,176)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (860)  (877)  Interest on lease liabilities  (24)  (47)  NET CASH FLOWS USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (884)  (2,100)  NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (10,086)  (5,952)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING  OF THE YEAR  12,829  19,064  EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES  198  (283)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR  2,941  12,829  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

China  33  Media  Group  Limited  (the  'Company')  is  a  public  limited  company  incorporated  in  Cayman Islands  and  its  shares  are  listed  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited.  In  the  opinion  of  the directors of the Company, its immediate parent is Lizhong Limited incorporated in the Cayman Islands, and  its  ultimate  parents  are  Joint  Loyal  Limited  and  Broad  Win  Limited  incorporated  in  British  Virgin Islands. Its ultimate controlling parties are Mr. Ruan Deqing ('Mr. Ruan') and Mr. Lin Pintong ('Mr. Lin'). Mr. Ruan is also the Chairman and Executive Director of the Company. The addresses of the registered office  of  the  Company  is  Cricket  Square,  Hutchins  Drive,  PO  Box  2681,  Grand  Cayman,  KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and the principal place of business of the Company is Unit 807, 8/F., Tower 1 Silvercord, 30 Canton Road, Tsimshatsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The head office of the Company in the PRC is Unit 410-412, 4/F., One Indigo, 20 Jiuxianqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China.

The  Company's  functional  currency  is  Hong  Kong  dollars  ('HK$').  However,  the  consolidated  financial statements are presented in Renminbi ('RMB'), as the directors of the Company consider that RMB is the functional currency of the primary economic environment in which most of the Group's transactions are  denominated  and  settled  in  and  this  presentation  is  more  useful  for  its  current  and  potential investors. The consolidated of financial statements are presented in thousands of Renminbi ('RMB'000'), unless otherwise stated.

The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in note 35.

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('IFRSs')

The Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the IASB for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

| Amendments to IAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract Reference to the Conceptual Framework Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020  Amendments to IAS 37  Amendments to IFRS 3  Annual Improvements Project   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  did  not  change  its  accounting  policies  or  make  retrospective  adjustments  as  a  result  of adopting the abovementioned amended standards or annual improvements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('IFRSs') (continued)

The Group has not applied any amendments to standards and interpretation that have been issued but are not yet effective for the financial year beginning 1 January 2022. The new standard, amendments to standards and interpretation include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

| Amendments to IAS 1 Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments to IAS 8 Amendments to IAS 12 Amendments to IFRS 16 Amendments to IFRS 17 Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 3 Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1  Definition of Accounting Estimates 1 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 3 Insurance contracts 1 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.

The  Group  is  in  the  process  of  making  an  assessment  of  what  the  impact  of  these  amendments  and new standards  is  expected  to  be  in  the  period  of  initial  application.  So  far  it  has  concluded  that  the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  IFRSs  issued  by  the IASB  and  the  applicable  disclosures  required  by  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  the GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis or fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

## Material uncertainty related to going concern

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  cash  and  bank  balance  approximately  RMB2,941,000, which  is  not  sufficient  to  fulfill  the  finance  obligation  on  repayment  of  the  bond  payable  amount  to RMB12,399,000, that is going to mature on 22 July 2023. These conditions indicate the existence of a material  uncertainty  which  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going concern.  Notwithstanding  the  above,  these  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on the  basis  that  the  Group  will  continue  to  operate  as  a  going  concern.  Our  opinion  is  not  modified  in respect of this matter.

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  of  the  opinion  that  the  Group  is  able  to  continue  as  a  going concern and to meet in full their financial obligations the Group has been actively negotiating with its creditors to extend the repayment terms of its indebtedness; In light of all the measures adopted and arrangements  implemented,  the  Directors  are  of  the  opinion  that  the  Group  will  have  sufficient  cash resources to satisfy its future working capital and other financial requirements and it is reasonable to expect the Group to remain as a commercially viable concern.

Based on the cash flow projections of the Group and having taken into account the available financial resources of the Group with the above measures, the directors have concluded that the Group is able to continue as going concern and to meet their financial obligations as and when they fall due for the next twelve months.

Should the Group be unable to continue as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to the  consolidated  financial  statements  to  adjust  the  value  of  the  Group's  assets  to  their  recoverable amounts, to provide for any further liabilities which might arise and to reclassify non-current assets and liabilities as current assets and current liabilities respectively. The effects of these potential adjustments have not been reflected in these consolidated financial statements.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on  the  presumption  that  the  transaction  to  sell  the  asset  or  transfer  the  liability  takes  place  either in  the  principal  market  for  the  asset  or  liability,  or  in  the  absence  of  a  principal  market,  in  the  most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair  value  measurement  of  a  non-financial  asset  takes  into  account  a  market  participant's  ability  to generate  economic  benefits  by  using  the  asset  in  its  highest  and  best  use  or  by  selling  it  to  another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data  are  available  to  measure  fair  value,  maximising  the  use  of  relevant  observable  inputs  and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

All  assets  and  liabilities  for  which  fair  value  is  measured  or  disclosed  in  the  financial  statements  are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

| - Level 1 - based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities  - Level 2 - based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly  - Level 3 - based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  recognised  in  the  financial  statements  on  a  recurring  basis,  the Group  determines  whether  transfers  have  occurred  between  levels  in  the  hierarchy  by  reassessing categorisation  (based  on  the  lowest  level  input  that  is  significant  to  the  fair  value  measurement  as  a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

The  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  HKFRSs  requires  the  use  of certain  key  assumptions  and  estimates.  It  also  requires  the  directors  to  exercise  its  judgments  in  the process  of  applying  the  accounting  policies. The  areas  involving  critical  judgements  and  areas  where assumptions and estimates are significant to these financial statements, are disclosed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.

The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities (including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

- -has power over the investee;
- -has exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- -has the ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts  and  circumstances  indicate  that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

When  the  Company  has  less  than  a  majority  of  the  voting  rights  of  an  investee,  it  has  power  over the  investee  when  the  voting  rights  are  sufficient  to  give  it  the  practical  ability  to  direct  the  relevant activities  of  the  investee  unilaterally.  The  Company  considers  all  relevant  facts  and  circumstances  in assessing  whether  or  not  the  Company's  voting  rights  in  an  investee  are  sufficient  to  give  it  power, including:

- -the size of the Company's holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;
- -potential voting rights held by the Company, other vote holders or other parties;
- -rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- -any  additional  facts  and  circumstances  that  indicate  that  the  Company  has,  or  does  not  have, the  current  ability  to  direct  the  relevant  activities  at  the  time  that  decisions  need  to  be  made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Company loses control of  the  subsidiary.  Specifically,  income  and  expenses  of  a  subsidiary acquired  or  disposed  of  during  the  year  are  included  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss and  other  comprehensive  income  from  the  date  the  Company  gains  control  until  the  date  when  the Company ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to  the  owners  of  the  Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  interests  even  if  this  results  in  the  noncontrolling interests having a deficit balance.

Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial  statements  of  the  subsidiaries  to  bring  their accounting policies into line with the Group's accounting policies.

All  intragroup  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Revenue and other income recognition Revenue recognition

Under IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognised  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- -The  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's performance as the Group performs;
- -The Group's performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- -The Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance complete to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the  Group  has  transferred  to  a  customer  that  is  not  yet  unconditional.  It  is  assessed  for  impairment in  accordance  with  IFRS  9.  In  contrast,  a  receivable  represents  the  Group's  unconditional  right  to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

A  contract  liability  represents  the  group's  obligation  to  transfer  goods  or  services  to  a  customer  for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

A contract asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for an presented on a net basis.

For contracts that contain more than one performance obligation, the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Revenue and other income recognition (continued) Revenue recognition (continued)

## (i) Printed Media Advertising

Revenue  from  printed  media  advertising  is  recognised  over  time  upon  the  performance  of  the services or in accordance with the terms of the contracts.

Revenue  from  printed  media  advertising  mainly  represented  the  amount  generated  from  the sales of the advertising space on the periodicals and was recognised upon the publication of the periodicals in which the respective advertisement was placed.

Revenue from provision of printed media advertising is recognised over the scheduled period on a straight-line basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of advertising provided by the Group.

## (ii) Outdoor and Digital Advertising

Revenue  from  outdoor  and  digital  advertising  is  recognised  over  time  upon  the  performance  of the  service  or  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  contracts.  Revenue  from  outdoor  and  digital advertising represented the advertising income generated from online advertising through mobile applications  and  websites,  etc.,  as  well  as  sale  of  advertising  spaces  on  the  billboard  and  LEDs installed at certain railway station, revenue from promotion campaigns conducted in train stations. Revenue was recognised when advertising were published or station campaigns were launched.

Revenue from provision of outdoor and digital advertising is recognised over the scheduled period on a straight-line basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of advertising provided by the Group.

## (iii) Film and entertainment investment income

Revenue  from  the  distribution  of  film  rights  and  entertainment  was  recognised  at  point  in  time when  (i)  the  Group's  entitlement  to  such  payments  has  been  established  which  was  upon  the delivery  of  the  master  copy  or  materials  to  the  customers,  and  (ii)  the  collectability  of  proceeds was reasonably assured.

## (iv) Prepaid card

Revenue from prepaid card service is recognised in accounting period in which the services are rendered.  Prepaid  card  service  is  recognised  when  the  prepaid  cardholders  made  payments  of fares using the prepaid card and the card related fees when the service was provided.

Revenue  from  prepaid  card  mainly  represent  the  transaction  fees  recognised  when  the  prepaid cardholders made payments of fares using the prepaid card and the card related fees when the service was provided.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government  grants  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  on  a  systematic  basis  over  the  periods  in  which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants where primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss over the useful lives of the related assets.

Government  grants  that  are  receivable  as  compensation  for  expenses  or  losses  already  incurred  or for  the  purpose  of  giving  immediate  financial  support  to  the  Group  with  no  future  related  costs  are recognised  in  profit  or  loss  on  a  systematic  and  rational  basis  in  the  period  in  which  they  become receivable.

## Leasing

## (a) Definition of a lease

A  contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease  if  the  contract  conveys  the  right  to  control  the  use  of  an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

For contracts entered into or modified or arising from business combinations on or after the date of  initial  application,  the  Group  assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition  under  IFRS  16  at  inception,  modification  date  or  acquisition  date,  as  appropriate.  Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

## (b) As a lessee

## (i) Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

For  a  contract  that  contains  a  lease  component  and  non-lease  components,  the  Group allocates  the  consideration  in  the  contract  to  each  lease  component  on  the  basis  of  the relative  stand-alone  price  of  the  lease  component  and  the  aggregate  stand-alone  price  of the non-lease components.

The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component,  and  instead  account  for  the  lease  component  and  any  associated  non-lease components as a single lease component.

As  a  practical  expedient,  leases  with  similar  characteristics  are  accounted  on  a  portfolio basis when the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Leasing (continued)

## (b) As a lessee (continued)

## (ii) Right-of-use assets

The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

- -the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
- -any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date,  less  any  lease incentives received;
- -any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- -an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by  the  Group  in  dismantling  and  removing  the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

The  Group  recognises  right-of-use  assets  at  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease  (i.e.  the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

Right-of-use  assets  in  which  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  obtain  ownership  of  the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term is depreciated from commencement date  to  the  end  of  the  useful  life.  Otherwise,  right-of-use  assets  are  depreciated  on  a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

The  Group  presents  right-of-use  assets  as  a  separate  line  item  on  the  consolidated statements of financial position.

## (iii) Refundable rental deposits

Refundable  rental  deposits  paid  are  accounted  under  IFRS  9  and  initially  measured  at  fair value.  Adjustments  to  fair  value  at  initial  recognition  are  considered  as  additional  lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Leasing (continued)

## (b) As a lessee (continued)

## (iv) Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement  date  of  a  lease,  the  Group  recognises  and  measures  the  lease liability at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

The lease payments include:

- -fixed  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed  payments)  less  any  lease  incentives receivable;
- -variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate;
- -amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees;
- -the  exercise  price  of  a  purchase  option  reasonably  certain  to  be  exercised  by  the Group; and
- -payments  of  penalties  for  terminating  a  lease,  if  the  lease  term  reflects  the  Group exercising the option to terminate.

After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

- -the  lease  term  has  changed  or  there  is  a  change  in  the  assessment  of  exercise  of  a purchase option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
- -the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent  review/expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related  lease  liability  is  remeasured  by  discounting  the  revised  lease  payments  using the initial discount rate.

The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Leasing (continued)

## (b) As a lessee (continued)

## (v) Lease modifications

The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

- -the  modification  increases  the  scope  of  the  lease  by  adding  the  right  to  use  one  or more underlying assets; and
- -the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the standalone  price  for  the  increase  in  scope  and  any  appropriate  adjustments  to  that  standalone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

## Leasehold land and building

When  a  lease  includes  both  land  and  building  elements,  the  Group  assesses  the  classification  of each  element  as  a  finance  or  an  operating  lease  separately  based  on  the  assessment  as  to  whether substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of each element have been transferred to the Group, unless it is clear that both elements are operating leases in which case the entire lease is  classified  as  an  operating  lease.  Specifically,  the  minimum  lease  payments  (including  any  lumpsum upfront payments) are allocated between the land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values of the leasehold interests in the land element and building element of the lease at the inception of the lease.

When  the  lease  payments  cannot  be  allocated  reliably  between  the  land  and  building  elements, the  entire  lease  is  generally  classified  as  a  finance  lease  and  accounted  for  as  property,  plant  and equipment.

## Film rights

Film  rights  represent  films,  television  programmes  and  television  drama  series  ('films'  or  singularly, 'film') produced by the Group or acquired by the Group.

Prepayment under film cooperation agreements are transferred to film rights upon commencement of production of the related films.

Film rights are stated at cost less any identified impairment loss.

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before taxation  as  reported  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income because  it  excludes  items  of  income  or  expense  that  are  taxable  or  deductible  in  other  years  and it  further  excludes  items  that  are  never  taxable  or  deductible.  The  Group's  liability  for  current  tax  is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Taxation (continued)

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and liabilities  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  base  used  in  the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary difference to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences  can  be  utilised.  Such  assets  and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference arises  from  goodwill  or  from  the  initial  recognition  (other  than  in  a  business  combination)  of  other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  from  investments  in subsidiaries, and interests in associates and a joint venture, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to  the  extent  that  it  is  no  longer  probable  that  sufficient  taxable  profit  will  be  available  to  allow  all  or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

For  the  purposes  of  measuring  deferred  tax  for  leasing  transactions  in  which  the  Group  recognises the  right-of-use  assets  and  the  related  lease  liabilities,  the  Group  first  determines  whether  the  tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies  IAS  12 Income  Taxes  requirements  to  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  separately. Temporary  differences  relating  to  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  are  not  recognised  at  initial recognition and over the lease terms due to application of the initial recognition exemption.

Current  and  deferred  tax  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  except  when  they  relate  to  items  that  are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Foreign currencies

In  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  each  individual  group  entity,  transactions  in  currencies  other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recorded in the respective functional currency  (i.e.  the  currency  of  the  primary  economic  environment  in  which  the  entity  operates)  at  the rates  of  exchanges  prevailing  on  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period, monetary  items  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the  rates  prevailing  at  that date.  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign  currency  are  not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

For  the  purposes  of  presenting  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the Group's foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at  the  average  exchange  rates  for  the  period,  unless  exchange  rates  fluctuate  significantly  during  the period,  in  which  case,  the  exchange  rates  prevailing  at  the  dates  of  transactions  are  used.  Exchange differences  arising,  if  any,  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  and  accumulated  in  equity under the heading of the exchange reserve.

## Retirement benefit costs

Payments to state-managed retirement benefit schemes and Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme ('MPF Scheme') are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

## Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Depreciation  is  recognised  so  as  to  write  off  the  cost  of  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  less their  residual  values  over  their  estimated  useful  lives,  using  the  straight-line  method.  The  estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

The property,  plant  and  equipment  are  depreciated  on  a  straight-line  basis  to  their  residual  values  as follows:

| Buildings  Over the shorter of lease terms and 20 years  Leasehold improvement  Over shorter of lease terms and 5 year  Motor vehicles  10 years  Office equipment  5 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits  are  expected  to  arise  from  the  continued  use  of  the  asset.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on  the disposal  or  retirement  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is  determined  as  the  difference between  the  sales  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  and  is  recognised  in  the  profit  or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Other non-current assets

Other  non-current  assets  are  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortisation  and  any  accumulated impairment losses.

Amortisation  for  other  non-current  assets  is  provided  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  respective estimated  useful  lives,  i.e.  the  term  of  the  expected  duration  of  outdoor  advertising  activities  to  be carried out by the Group. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

A  non-current  asset  is  derecognised  on  disposal,  or  when  no  future  economic  benefits  are  expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of a non-current asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

## Impairment on tangible assets

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviews  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  tangible  assets with  finite  useful  lives  to  determine  whether  there  is  any  indication  that  those  assets  have  suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order  to  determine  the  extent  of  the  impairment  loss,  if  any.  When  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the recoverable  amount  of  an  individual  asset,  the  Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cashgenerating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are  allocated  to  the  smallest  group  of  cash-generating  units  for  which  a  reasonable  and  consistent allocation basis can be identified.

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  In  assessing value  in  use,  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pretax  discount  rate  that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of  money  and  the  risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit)  is  estimated  to  be  less  than  its carrying  amount,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit)  is  reduced  to  its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately in profit or loss.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  had  no  impairment  loss  been  recognised  for the  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit)  in  prior  years. A  reversal  of  an  impairment  loss  is  recognised  as income immediately.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  when  the  group  entity  becomes  a  party  to  the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Recognised financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivable  arising  from  contracts  with  customers  which  are  initially  measured  in  accordance  with IFRS  15.  Transaction  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of  financial  assets and financial liabilities are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of  financial  assets  or  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  ('FVTPL')  are  recognised  in profit or loss.

## Financial assets

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- -the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
- -the  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial  assets  that  meet  the  following  conditions  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value  through other comprehensive income ('FVTOCI'):

- -the  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  achieved  by  both  selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and
- -the  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

All  other  financial  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  FVTPL,  except  that  at  the  date  of  initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes  in  fair  value  of  an  equity  investment  in  other  comprehensive  income  ('OCI')  if  that  equity investment  is  neither  held  for  trading  nor  contingent  consideration  recognised  by  an  acquirer  in  a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:

- -it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
- -on  initial  recognition  it  is  a  part  of  a  portfolio  of  identified  financial  instruments  that  the  Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- -it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

## (a) Amortised cost and interest income

Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest  method  for  financial  assets  measured subsequently  at  amortised  cost.  Interest  income  is  calculated  by  applying  the  effective  interest rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  a  financial  asset,  except  for  financial  assets  that  have subsequently  become  credit-impaired  (see  below).  For  financial  assets  that  have  subsequently become  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate to  the  amortised  cost  of  the  financial  asset  from  the  next  reporting  period.  If  the  credit  risk  on the  credit-impaired  financial  instrument  improves  so  that  the  financial  asset  is  no  longer  creditimpaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset  from  the  beginning  of  the  reporting  period  following  the determination that the asset is no longer credit impaired.

## (b) Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair  value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the 'other revenue and other income' line item.

## (c) Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit loss ('ECL') on financial assets which are  subject  to  impairment  under  IFRS  9  (including  trade  receivables,  other  receivables,  pledged bank  deposit,  restricted  bank  deposits  and  cash  and  bank  balances).  The  amount  of  ECL  is updated at each reporting period to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life  of  the  relevant  instrument.  In  contrast,  12m  ECL  represents  the  portion  of  lifetime  ECL  that is  expected  to  result  from  default  events  that  are  possible  within  12  months  after  the  reporting period. Assessment are done based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting period as well as the forecast of future conditions.

For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

## (d) Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  reporting  period with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is  reasonable  and  supportable,  including  historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information that is available without undue cost or effort.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit  risk has increased significantly:

- -an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  financial  instrument's  external  (if available) or internal credit rating;
- -significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
- -existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- -an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
- -an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the  credit  risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

The  Group  regularly  monitors  the  effectiveness  of  the  criteria  used  to  identify  whether  there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria  are  capable  of  identifying  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  before  the  amount  becomes past due.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

## (e) Definition of default

For  internal  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  considers  an  event  of  default  occurs  when information  developed  internally  or  obtained  from  external  sources  indicates  that  the  debtor  is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full.

Irrespective  of  the  above,  the  Group  considers  that  default  has  occurred  when  a  financial  asset is more than 365 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## (a) Credit-impaired financial assets

A  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  of  default  that  have  a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence  that  a  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  includes  observable  data  about  the following events:

- -significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- -a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- -the  lender(s)  of  the  borrower,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;
- -it  is  becoming  probable  that  the  borrower  will  enter  bankruptcy  or  other  financial reorganisation; or
- -the  disappearance  of  an  active  market  for  that  financial  asset  because  of  financial difficulties.

## (b) Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the counterparty  is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  there  is  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery, for  example,  when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy  proceedings,  or  in  the  case  of  trade  receivables,  when  the  amounts  are  over 365 days past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to  enforcement activities  under  the  Group's  recovery  procedures,  taking  into  account  legal advice  where  appropriate.  A  write-off  constitutes  a  derecognition  event.  Any  subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

## (e) Definition of default (continued)

## (c) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The  measurement  of  ECL  is  a  function  of  the  probability  of  default,  loss  given  default  (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of  the  probability  of  default  and  loss  given  default  is  based  on  historical  data  adjusted  by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  to  the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

Where  ECL  is  measured  on  a  collective  basis  or  cater  for  cases  where  evidence  at  the individual  instrument  level  may  not  yet  be  available,  the  financial  instruments  are  grouped on the following basis:

- -Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group's trade and other receivables, and other receivables for termination of film investment, are each assessed as a separate group.
- -Past-due status;
- -Nature, size and industry of debtors; and
- -External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

Interest  income  is  calculated  based  on  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset unless  the  financial  asset  is  credit  impaired,  in  which  case  interest  income  is  calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by  adjusting  their  carrying  amount,  with  the  exception  of  trade  receivables  where  the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

## Cash and cash equivalent

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial  institutions,  and  short-term,  highly  liquid  investments  that  are  readily  convertible  into  known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three  months  of  maturity  at  acquisition.  Bank  overdrafts  that  are  repayable  on  demand  and  form  an integral  part  of  the  Group's  cash  management  are  also  included  as  a  component  of  cash  and  cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flow. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for expected credit loss ('ECL').

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

## (a) Classification as financial liabilities or equity

Financial  liabilities  and  equity  instruments  issued  by  a  group  entity  are  classified  as  either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## (b) Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after  deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments  issued  by  the  Company  are  recognised  at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## (c) Effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and  of  allocating  interest  income  and  interest  expense  over  the  relevant  period.  The  effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and  points  paid  or  received  that  form  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate,  transaction costs  and  other  premiums  or  discounts)  through  the  expected  life  of  the  financial  asset  or financial  liability,  or,  where  appropriate,  a  shorter  period,  to  the  net  carrying  amount  on  initial recognition.

Interest expense is recognised on an effective interest basis.

## (d) Financial liabilities

All  financial  liabilities  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest method.

## (e) Financial liabilities at amortised cost

Financial  liabilities  (including  trade  payables,  accruals,  lease  liability,  bond  payable  and  other payables) are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

## Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

## (a) Share options granted to employees

Equity-settled  share-based  payments  to  employees  and  others  providing  similar  services  are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

The  fair  value  of  services  received  determined  by  reference  to  the  fair  value  of  share  options granted  at  the  grant  date  is  expensed  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  vesting  period,  with  a corresponding  increase  in  equity  (share  option  reserve).  At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the Group  revises  its  estimates  of  the  number  of  options  that  are  expected  to  ultimately  vest.  The impact  of  the  revision  of  the  original  estimates,  if  any,  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  such  that the  cumulative  expense  reflects  the  revised  estimate,  with  a  corresponding  adjustment  to  share option reserve. For share options that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the share options granted is expensed immediately to profit or loss.

When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to accumulated losses.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (continued)

## (b) Share options granted to consultants

Equity-settled share-based payment transactions with parties other than employees are measured at  the  fair  value  of  the  goods  or  services  received,  except  where  that  fair  value  cannot  be estimated  reliably,  in  which  case  they  are  measured  at  the  fair  value  of  the  equity  instruments granted,  measured  at  the  date  the  entity  obtains  the  goods  or  the  counterparty  renders  the service. The fair values of the goods or services received are recognised as expenses (unless the goods or services qualify for recognition as assets).

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets  and  liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  The  estimates  and  associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

## Critical judgements in applying accounting policies

The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the directors have made in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

## Control over the Contracting Entities

Note 35 describes that Fujian Ao Shen and Beijing Datisu (collectively the 'Contracting Entities', each a 'Contracting Entity') are subsidiaries of the Group although the Group does not have any equity interest in  the  registered  capital  of  the  Contracting  Entities,  each  of  which  were  established  and  owned  as  to 50% and 50% by Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan, controlling shareholders of the Group, while Mr. Ruan is also an executive director of the Company. The directors assessed whether or not the Group has control over the  Contracting  Entities  based  on  whether  the  Group  has  the  practical  ability  to  direct  the  relevant activities of the Contracting Entities unilaterally. In making their judgment, the directors considered the Contractual Arrangements (see the details of the Contractual Arrangements below).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)

## Control over the Contracting Entities (continued)

On 17 December 2010, Hong Kong Ao Shen Investment Co., Ltd ('Hong Kong Ao Shen', a wholly-owned subsidiary  of  the  Company),  Ao  Shen  Technology  Service  (Fuzhou)  Co.,  Ltd  ('Ao  Shen  Technology',  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Ao Shen), each of the Contracting Entities and their respective equity  participants,  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan,  entered  into  a  series  of  agreements  (the  'Contractual Arrangements') with the following key provisions:

## Framework agreements

The  framework  agreements  (the  'Framework  Agreements')  dated  17  December  2010  entered  into between  (i)  Ao  Shen  Technology;  (ii)  the  Contracting  Entities;  and  (iii)  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan,  whereby the  Contracting  Entities  have  undertaken,  among  others,  not  to  enter  into  any  material  business transaction  without  the  prior  written  consent  of  Ao  Shen  Technology.  The  Contracting  Entities  shall appoint  individuals  as  nominated  by  Ao  Shen  Technology  to  be  their  directors  and  key  management as  and  when  Ao  Shen  Technology  sees  fit.  Furthermore,  Ao  Shen  Technology  or  its  nominees  is entitled  to  exercise  their  rights  as  if  they  were  the  shareholder  of  the  Contracting  Entities.  Any dividend  distributable  reserve  and/or  other  assets  (including  residual  assets  upon  dissolution  of  the Contracting Entities) derived from the equity interests in the Contracting Entities shall also be paid to Ao Shen Technology or to such other entities or otherwise deal with in such other manner as Ao Shen Technology may direct. Each of the Framework Agreements has become effective when it was executed on 17 December 2010 and will remain effective for a perpetual term unless and until terminated by Ao Shen Technology by the giving of a 30-day advance notice in writing; or pursuant to the terms under other  agreements  entered  into  by  the  relevant  parties;  and  it  will  be  automatically  terminated  upon dissolution of the relevant Contracting Entity.

## Option agreements

Hong  Kong Ao  Shen,  each  of  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan  and  each  of  the  Contracting  Entities  entered  into exclusive option agreements (the 'Option Agreements') whereby Hong Kong Ao Shen has been granted options  to  acquire  the  entire  equity  interest  in  the  Contracting  Entities  at  nil  consideration  or  the minimum amount as permitted by the applicable PRC laws. Subject to compliance with the PRC laws, such options may be exercised at any time and in any manner at the sole discretion of Hong Kong Ao Shen. Pursuant to the Option Agreements, each of the Contracting Entities and/or Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan has given undertakings that it shall perform certain acts or refrain from performing certain other acts unless  with  the  prior  written  consent  of  Ao  Shen  Technology,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  below matters:

- (a) that each of the Contracting Entities shall not alter its constitutional documents or its registered capital unless with the prior consent from Ao Shen Technology;
- (b) that any of the Contracting Entities and/or Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan shall not incur any indebtedness or guarantee (other than those incurred in the ordinary course of business and disclosed to and approved by Ao Shen Technology in advance);

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)

## Control over the Contracting Entities (continued)

## Option agreements (continued)

- (c) that each of the Contracting Entities shall not provide any loan or guarantee to any third parties;
- (d) that  each  of  the  Contracting  Entities  shall  not  dispose  of  or  create  encumbrances  over  any  part of  its  assets,  business  or  revenue  and  that  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan  shall  not  dispose  of  or  create encumbrances over the equity interest held  by  them  in  each  of  the  Contracting  Entities,  except the security created under the Equity Pledge Agreement (as defined below);
- (e) that each of the Contracting Entities shall not enter into any material contracts over RMB1,000,000 other than those in its ordinary course of business;
- (f) that each of the Contracting Entities shall not distribute any dividend (including any undistributed attributable profit payable to the entity's shareholders prior to the Option Agreements becoming effective)  to  its  shareholders  and  that  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan  undertake  that  such  undistributed profit shall be retained in each of the Contracting Entities as its capital and/or reserved fund and shall give up and assign or transfer to Ao Shen Technology any dividend declared and distributed thereafter  and  payable  to  them  by  virtue  of  their  holding  of  the  equity  interest  in  each  of  the Contracting Entities;
- (g) that  each  of  the  Contracting  Entities  shall  not  make  investment  or  engage  in  any  merger  or acquisition transactions; and
- (h) that  at  the  request  of  Ao  Shen  Technology,  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan  shall  appoint  such  persons nominated  by Ao  Shen Technology  to  act  as  the  directors,  supervisors  and  senior  management members of each of the Contracting Entities.

Each  of  the  Option  Agreements  has  become  effective  when  it  was  executed  on  17  December  2010 and  will  only  expire  on  the  date  on  which  all  the  equity  interests  in  the  Contracting  Entities  are transferred to Hong Kong Ao Shen and/or its nominees, and the registrations of such equity transfers in  the  relevant  Administration  of  Industry  and  Commerce  in  the  PRC  are  completed;  and  it  will  be automatically terminated upon dissolution of the relevant Contracting Entity.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)

## Control over the Contracting Entities (continued) Power of attorney

Ao Shen Technology and Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan entered into power of attorney (the 'Power of Attorney') pursuant to which Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan have unconditionally and irrevocably undertaken to authorise such person(s) as designated by Ao Shen Technology (being PRC citizens) to exercise the shareholders' rights  in  relation  to  appointment  of  proxy  and  exercise  of  voting  rights  in  each  of  the  Contracting Entities  under  the  articles  of  associate  of  the  Contracting  Entities  and  the  applicable  PRC  laws.  Such shareholders' rights include but are not limited to (i) calling and attending the shareholders' meetings of the Contracting Entities; (ii) exercising the voting rights on all matters requiring the consideration and approval of shareholders and those pursuant to articles of association of the Contracting Entities.

Before  Ao  Shen  Technology  acquires  the  equity  interests  from  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan  in  each  of  the Contracting Entities contemplated under the Option Agreements, Ao Shen Technology can exercise the voting rights of shareholders of the Contracting Entities as if Ao Shen Technology and hence the Group was the ultimate beneficial owner of the Contracting Entities by virtue of the Power of Attorney.

The term of the Power of Attorney commenced on 17 December 2010 and will remain effective during the term of the Framework Agreements.

## Exclusivity agreements

Ao  Shen  Technology  and  each  of  the  Contracting  Entities  entered  into  exclusivity  agreements  (the 'Exclusivity Agreements')  pursuant  to  which  the  Contracting  Entities  will  exclusively  engage Ao  Shen Technology  to  provide  consultation  services  in  the  management  of  assets,  operation  and  liabilities, sales and marketing and other supporting services.

In  consideration  of  the  provision  of  the  aforementioned  services  by Ao  Shen Technology,  each  of  the Contracting Entities agrees to pay to Ao Shen Technology (or such other entities as Ao Shen Technology may  direct)  fees  on  an  annual  basis  in  arrears.  Fees  payable  to  Ao  Shen  Technology  by  each  of  the Contracting Entities will be equivalent to the total revenue less all the related costs, expenses and taxes of the respective Contracting Entities, as audited by certified public accountants of the PRC.

Pursuant  to  the  Exclusivity  Agreements,  each  of  the  Contracting  Entities  shall  not  without  the  prior written  consent  of  Ao  Shen  Technology  to  dispose  of  or  pledge  its  material  assets,  operation  rights and/or  business;  alter  its  registered  capital;  alter  its  scope  of  business;  declare  dividends;  and/or remove any of its directors and senior management members.

The term of the Exclusivity Agreements commenced from 17 December 2010 and will remain effective for  a  perpetual  term  unless  and  until  terminated  by  Ao  Shen  Technology  by  the  giving  of  a  30-day advance  notice  in  writing;  and  it  will  be  automatically  terminated  upon  dissolution  of  the  relevant Contracting Entity.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)

## Control over the Contracting Entities (continued) Equity pledge agreements

Ao  Shen  Technology  and  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan  entered  into  equity  pledge  agreements  (the  'Equity Pledge Agreements'), whereby Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan have pledged their entire interests in each of the Contracting Entities to secure the payment of consultations services fees to Ao Shen Technology under the Exclusivity Agreements.

Pursuant  to  the  Equity  Pledge Agreements,  without  the  prior  written  consent  of Ao  Shen Technology, the  Contracting  Entities  shall  not  alter  its  current  shareholding  structure  and/or  its  nature  or  scope of  business,  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan  shall  not  allow  the  Contracting  Entities  to  transfer  or  dispose  of  its assets and pledge or transfer their respective equity interests in the Contracting Entities in favour of or to other third parties. Ao Shen Technology is entitled to receive all dividends derived from the pledged equity  interests.  Ao  Shen  Technology  is  entitled  to  demand  repayment  of  the  secured  indebtedness and/or  to  exercise  its  rights  to  sell  the  pledged  equity  interests  on  occurrence  of  certain  events  of default  including  but  not  limited  to  non-performance  or  breach  of  any  of  the  Exclusivity Agreements, the  Option  Agreements  and  the  Power  of Attorney;  or  failure  to  repay  other  debts  when  due  by  the Contracting Entities or Mr. Lin and Mr. Ruan (as the case may be).

The Equity Pledge Agreements became effective when they were executed on 17 December 2010 until all  payments  in  each  of  the  Exclusivity  Agreements  are  settled  by  the  relevant  Contracting  Entity,  as well as upon which the relevant Contracting Entity is no longer responsible for the performance under the Exclusivity Agreements; and they will be automatically terminated upon dissolution of the relevant Contracting Entity

In  the  opinion  of  the  directors,  all  the  terms  of  the  Contractual  Arrangements  are  valid,  binding  and legally  enforceable  on  all  parties  under  the  applicable  laws  in  the  PRC.  Pursuant  to  the  Contractual Arrangements,  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan  assigned  all  the  shareholder's  rights  of  the  Contracting  Entities and  to  assign  the  power  to  appoint  and  remove  all  the  members  of  the  board  of  directors  and  to govern  the  financial  and  operating  policies  of  the  Contracting  Entities  to  the  Group.  The  directors  of the  Company  considered  such  agreements  give  the  Group  the  current  ability  to  direct  the  relevant activities of the Contracting Entities. With the power over the Contracting Entities and the ability to use the power over the Contracting Entities to affect the amount of the Group's return, the Group treats the Contracting  Entities  as  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  under  IFRS  10  and  the  Contracting Entities'  results,  assets  and  liabilities  are  consolidated  with  those  of  the  Group. The  total  assets,  total liabilities and the loss for the year of the Contracting Entities and their subsidiaries are RMB23,685,000, RMB32,162,000 and RMB893,000 (2021: RMB15,984,000, RMB15,699,000 and RMB511,000), respectively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The  following  are  the  key  assumptions  concerning  the  future,  and  other  key  sources  of  estimation uncertainty  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  that  have  a  significant  risk  of  causing  a  material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

## Impairment of property, plant and equipment

Determining whether an impairment is required requires an estimation of recoverable amounts of the property,  plant  and  equipment  or  the  respective  cash  generating  units  ('CGU')  in  which  the  property, plant and equipment belong, which is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal. If  there  is  any  indication  that  an  asset  may  be  impaired,  recoverable  amount  shall  be  estimated  for individual  asset.  If  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  individual  asset,  the Group shall determine the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the assets or CGUs and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. The discount rate represents a rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the future cash flow estimates have not been adjusted. Where the actual future cash flows or the revision of estimated future cash flows are less than original estimated future cash flow, a material impairment loss may arise. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is RMB4,652,000 (2021: RMB5,957,000).

## Estimated impairment of film rights

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  management  of  the  Group  assesses  the  impairment  of  film rights  with  reference  to  its  recoverable  amount.  The  assessment  was  made  on  a  film-by-film  basis. The recoverable amount of the film rights was determined based on the present value of the expected future  revenue  generated  from  the  film  less  future  cost  of  sales.  If  the  recoverable  amount  is  lower than the carrying amount, the carrying amount of the film rights will be written down to its recoverable amount. Based on the management assessment's on the recoverability of film rights, impairment loss approximately  of  RMB2,585,000  (2021:  RMB37,887,000)  was  recognised. As  at  31  December  2022,  the carrying amount of the film rights is RMB9,065,000 (2021: RMB15,893,000). Details of the film rights are disclosed in note 19.

## Estimated Impairment of trade receivables

The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement at amortised cost in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group's past history, existing market conditions as well as forward-looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in note 31.

As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of trade receivables is RMB57,277,000 (net of allowance for  doubtful  debts  of  RMB41,811,000)  (2021:  RMB45,279,000  (net  of  allowance  for  doubtful  debts  of RMB35,016,000)).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)

## Impairment of prepayment for film and entertainment business

Prepayment for film and entertainment business is stated at costs less accumulated impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise judgment and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; and (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued  use  of  the  asset.  Changing  the  assumptions  and  estimates,  could  materially  affect  the  net present value used in the impairment test.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  carrying  amounts  of  such  prepayment  is  RMB28,733,000  (2021: RMB54,608,000),  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  impairment  of  approximately RMB22,401,000 (2021: RMB65,395,000) was recognised.

## 5. REVENUE

## Disaggregation of revenue

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  within the scope of IFRS 15  Disaggregated by major products or service lines:  - Outdoor and digital advertising income  35,481  59,309  - Film and entertainment investment income  14,130  16,501  - Prepaid card income  21,438  22,131  71,049  97,941   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An analysis of the Group's revenue for the year is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Recognised over time:  Outdoor and digital advertising income  35,481  59,309  Recognised at a point in time:  Film and entertainment investment income  14,130  16,501  Prepaid card income  21,438  22,131  Total  71,049  97,941   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All revenue contracts are for period of one year or less, as permitted by IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contacts is not disclosed. Please refer to note 3 for the details of revenue recognition.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The  Group  determines  its  operating  segments  and  measurement  of  segment  profits  based  on  the internal  reports  to  the  executive  directors,  the  Group's  chief  operating  decision  makers,  for  the purposes  of  resource  allocation  and  performance  assessment.  The  Group's  reportable  and  operating segments are as follows:

- (a) printed  media  advertising:  sale  of  advertising  spaces  in  magazines  distributed  in  certain  train services in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC');
- (b) outdoor  and  digital  advertising:  income  generated  from  online  advertising  through  mobile applications  and  websites,  etc.  as  well  as  sale  of  advertising  spaces  on  the  billboards  and  LEDs installed  at  certain  railway  stations,  revenue  from  promotion  campaigns  conducted  in  train stations;
- (c) film  and  entertainment  investment:  investment  for  profit  sharing  on  box  office  of  movies  and concerts and distribution income of film rights and television drama; and
- (d) prepaid  card:  transaction  fees  earned  from  participating  service  providers  for  the  use  of  the prepaid cards by cardholders and other card related fees upon the provision of services.

## Segment revenue and results

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue and results by reportable and operating segments.

## For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Printed  media  advertising  Outdoor  and digital  advertising  Film and  entertainment  investment  Prepaid card  Consolidated  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue - external customers  -  35,481  14,130  21,438  71,049  Timing of revenue recognition  At a point in time  -  -  14,130  21,438  35,568  Over time  -  35,481  -  -  35,481  -  35,481  14,130  21,438  71,049  Segment (loss)/profit  -  (2,446)  (47,999)  2,032  (48,413)  Unallocated other income, other gains and  (losses), net  (6,545)  Finance cost  (1,265)  Corporate and other unallocated expenses  (1,285)  Loss before tax  (57,508)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Segment revenue and results (continued)

For the year ended 31 December 2021

| Printed  media  advertising  Outdoor  and digital  advertising  Film and  entertainment  investment  Prepaid card  Consolidated  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue - external customers  -  59,309  16,501  22,131  97,941  Timing of revenue recognition  At a point in time  -  -  16,501  22,131  38,632  Over time  -  59,309  -  -  59,309  -  59,309  16,501  22,131  97,941  Segment (loss)/profit  (1)  2,935  (100,247)  3,964  (93,349)  Unallocated other income, other gains and  (losses), net  7,084  Finance cost  (1,224)  Corporate and other unallocated expenses  (25,933)  Loss before tax  (113,422)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  each  of  the  reporting  period  ended,  the  accounting  policies  of  the  reportable  and  operating segments are the same as the Group's accounting policies. Segment result represents the profit earned or  loss  incurred  by  each  segment without allocation of bank interest income, other income and other gains  and  losses,  net  fair  value  change  of  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  and corporate and other unallocated expenses. Corporate and other unallocated expenses included selling and  distribution  expenses  and  certain  administrative  expenses.  This  is  the  measure  reported  to  the chief operating decision makers for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Segment assets and liabilities

The following is an analysis of the Group's assets and liabilities by reportable and operating segments:

## At 31 December 2022

| Printed  media  advertising  Outdoor  and digital  advertising  Film and  entertainment  investment  Prepaid card  Consolidated  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Segment assets  2,897  408  86,213  15,065  104,583  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  12,732  Corporate and other unallocated assets  11,160  Restricted cash  233,463  Cash and cash equivalents  2,941  Consolidated assets  364,879  Segment liabilities  617  144  168  222,173  223,102  Bond payable  12,399  Corporate and other unallocated liabilities  45,353  Consolidated liabilities  280,854   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## At 31 December 2021

| Printed  media  advertising  Outdoor  and digital  advertising  Film and  entertainment  investment  Prepaid card  Consolidated  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Segment assets  822  4,075  104,892  10,981  120,770  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  19,334  Corporate and other unallocated assets  13,110  Pledged bank deposits  2,760  Restricted cash  175,122  Cash and cash equivalents  12,829  Consolidated assets  343,925  Segment liabilities  3,616  1,430  155  173,986  179,187  Bond payable  10,253  Corporate and other unallocated liabilities  28,415  Consolidated liabilities  217,855   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Segment assets and liabilities (continued)

For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

- all  assets  are  allocated  to  operating  and  reportable  segments  other  than  property,  plant  and equipment, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, certain prepayments, deposits and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents; and
- all liabilities are allocated to operating and reportable segments other than certain other payables and accruals, contract liabilities, lease liabilities, tax payable and bond payable.

## Other segment information

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Printed  media  advertising  Outdoor  and digital  advertising  Film and  entertainment  investment  Prepaid card  Consolidated  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Amounts included in the measure of  segment results or segment assets  Allowance for expect credit losses on  trade receivables, net  -  397  3,423  4  3,824  Impairment of film rights  -  -  2,585  -  2,585  Impairment on prepayment for  film and entertainment business  -  -  22,401  -  22,401  Advertising agency fee and production  expenses  -  33,078  -  -  33,078   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Other segment information (continued)

For the year ended 31 December 2021

| Printed  media  advertising  Outdoor  and digital  advertising  Film and  entertainment  investment  Prepaid card  Consolidated  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Amounts included in the measure of  segment results or segment assets  (Reversal of) allowance for expect credit losses  on trade receivables, net  -  444  (1,679)  (2,933)  (4,168)  Impairment of film rights  -  -  37,887  -  37,887  Impairment on prepayment for  film and entertainment business  -  -  65,395  -  65,395  Advertising agency fee and production  expenses  4,578  51,351  -  -  55,929   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Geographical information

Information  about  the  Group's  revenue  from  external  customers  presented  based  on  the  locations  of customers, and information about the Group's non-current assets presented based on the geographical location of the assets are summarised below.

| Revenue from  external customers  Non-current assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Hong Kong  35,568  38,633  16,541  24,347  The PRC  35,481  59,308  3,582  4,810  71,049  97,941  20,123  29,157   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Geographical information (continued) Information about major customers

Revenue from major customers, amounted to 10% or more of the Group's revenue, are set out below:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Customer A  -  28,360  Customer B  -  16,739  Customer C  16,845  -  Customer D  15,346  -  32,191  45,099   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(i) The major customers disclosed above are the customers of the outdoor and digital advertising business.

## 7. OTHER INCOME

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Bank interest income  1,783  250  Government grants (Note (i))  -  627  Others (Note (ii))  2,904  1,388  4,687  2,265   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) The government grant represented the COVID-19 employment support scheme subsidy by Hong Kong Government. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to the government grants.

(ii) Included  the  amount  contributed  by  the  other  income  received  from  managing  a  prepaid  card  sales  counter  for  a  cobranded partner amounted to approximately RMB2,224,000 (2021: RMB1,349,000)). The relevant other income is recognised in accordance with the HKFRS 15 revenue recognition at a point in time.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 8. OTHER (LOSSES) AND GAINS, NET

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (11)  (79)  Fair value change of financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  (8,328)  1,325  Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  -  3,494  (8,339)  4,740   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. LOSS BEFORE TAX

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss before tax has been arrived at after charging:  Auditor's remuneration  534  506  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  1,260  1,001  Depreciation on right-of-use assets  776  964  Employee benefit expense (including directors' emoluments)  Salaries, bonuses and other benefits  10,423  10,381  Contributions to retirement benefits schemes  656  724  Equity-settled share-based payment (note 26)  2,447  -  Total employee benefit expenses  13,526  11,105  Advertising agency fees and production expenses for printed media  and outdoor and digital advertising (included in cost of sales)  33,078  54,929  Payment to short-term lease  175  217  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  11  79   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 10. FINANCE COST

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interest expense on corporate bond  1,241  1,177  Interest expense on lease liabilities  24  47  1,265  1,224   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. DIRECTORS' AND EMPLOYEES' REMUNERATION

## Directors' remuneration

Directors'  remuneration  for  the  year,  disclosed  pursuant  to  the  applicable  Listing  Rules  and  CO,  is  as follows:

| For the year ended 31 December 2022  Directors'  fees  Salaries and  allowances  Retirement  benefits  scheme  contributions  Total  emoluments  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Executive directors  Mr. Peng Lichun  2  70  -  -  70  Mr. Ma Pun Fai  310  -  16  326  Mr. Ruan Deqing  -  605  16  621  380  605  32  1,017  Independent non-executive directors  Ms. Tay Sheve Li  155  -  -  155  Ms. Lam Man Chi 1  83  -  -  83  Mr. Yau Kit Yu  52  -  -  52  290  -  -  290  Total emoluments  670  605  32  1,307   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 11. DIRECTORS' AND EMPLOYEES' REMUNERATION (continued)

## Directors' remuneration (continued)

| For the year ended 31 December 2021  Directors'  fees  Salaries and  allowances  Retirement  benefits  scheme  contributions  Total  emoluments  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Executive directors  Mr. Peng Lichun  147  -  -  147  Mr. Ma Pun Fai  294  -  -  294  Mr. Ruan Deqing  -  573  15  588  441  573  15  1,029  Independent non-executive  directors  Ms. Tay Sheve Li  147  -  -  147  Ms. Lam Man Chi 1  67  -  -  67  Mr. Yau Kit Yu  49  -  -  49  263  -  -  263  Total emoluments  704  573  15  1,292   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Ms. Lam Man Chi was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 23 February 2021.

2 Mr. Peng Lichun was resigned as an executive director on 14 June 2022.

The  executive  directors'  emoluments  shown  above  were  for  their  services  in  connection  with  the management of the affairs of  the  Company  and  the  Group. The  independent  non-executive  directors' emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company.

Save  for  disclosed  in  Note  34  to  these  consolidated  financial  statements,  no  significant  transaction, arrangement and contract in relation to the Group's business to which the Company was a party and in which the directors of the Company and the directors' connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the both years or at any time during the both years.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 11. DIRECTORS' AND EMPLOYEES' REMUNERATION (continued)

## Employees' emoluments

Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments of the Group, one (2021: two) was director of the Company. The emoluments of the remaining four (2021: three) individuals are set out as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Salaries, bonuses and other benefits  3,237  1,673  Contributions to retirement benefits schemes  64  44  3,301  1,717   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Their emoluments are within the following band:

| 2022  Number of  employees  2021  Number of  employees  HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000  3  3  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  1  -  4  3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during both years.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 12. INCOME TAX

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current tax - PRC Enterprise Income Tax:  Charge for the year  -  -  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as the Group has no assessable profit in Hong Kong for both years.

Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2,000,000 of assessable profits of qualifying corporations will be taxed at 8.25%, and assessable profits above HK$2,000,000 will be taxed at 16.5%. The  assessable  profits  of  corporations  not  qualifying  for  the  two  tiered  profits  tax  rates  regime  will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

Under  the  Law  of  the  People's  Republic  of  China  on  Enterprise  Income  Tax  (the  'EIT  Law')  and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25%.

Taxation for the Year can be reconciled to the loss before tax per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss before tax  (57,508)  (113,422)  Tax credit at applicable tax rate of 25% (2021: 25%)  (14,377)  (28,355)  Effect of different tax rates of other jurisdictions  385  291  Tax effect for tax loss not recognised  3,285  4,172  Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose  10,033  24,106  Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose  (294)  (1,373)  Tax effect of different tax rates in other jurisdictions  968  1,159  Tax for the year  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  estimated  unused  tax  losses  of  RMB119,362,000  (2021: RMB104,498,000)  available  for  offset  against  future  profits.  Included  in  unrecognised  tax  losses  are losses  of  RMB42,837,000  (2021:  RMB37,773,000)  that  can  be  carried  forward  for  five  years  from  the year  in  which  the  losses  arose  for  offsetting  against  future  taxable  profits  of  the  companies  in  which the  losses  arose.  No  deferred  tax  asset  has  been  recognised  in  respect  of  the  tax  losses  due  to  the unpredictability of future profit streams.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 12. INCOME TAX (continued)

Under the EIT Law of PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated  financial  statements  in  respect  of  temporary  differences  attributable  to  accumulated profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to RMB2,773,000 (2021: RMB18,493,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

## 13. DIVIDENDS

The directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: nil).

## 14. LOSS PER SHARE

The  calculation  of  the  basic  loss  per  share  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  is  based  on  the following data:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss for the purpose of basic and diluted loss per share  Loss for the year attributable to owners of the Company  (57,469)  (113,154)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Number of shares  2022  2021  '000  '000  (restated)  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for  the purpose of basic and diluted loss per share (Note)  172,800  172,800   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The computation of diluted loss per share for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 does not assume the exercise of the Company's share options since they have no dilative effect. Therefore, the basic and diluted loss per share are the same.

Note: The  calculation  of  basic  and  diluted  loss  per  share  amount  is  based  on  the  Company's  loss  for  the  year  attributable  to ordinary  equity  holders  of  the  Company  and  the  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares  in  issue  during  the  year  of 172,800,000 (2021: 172,800,000 (restated) ordinary shares), as adjusted to reflect retrospectively impact of share consolidation completed on 5 August 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  land and  buildings  Leasehold  improvement  Motor  vehicles  Office  equipment  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  COST  At 1 January 2021  6,689  4,855  2,995  8,161  22,700  Additions  -  283  -  422  705  Effect of foreign currency  exchange difference  -  (284)  -  -  (284)  Disposal/written off  -  (427)  -  (9)  (436)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  6,689  4,427  2,995  8,574  22,685  Effect of foreign currency  exchange difference  -  (312)  -  -  (312)  Disposal/written off  -  -  (23)  -  (23)  At 31 December 2022  6,689  4,115  2,972  8,574  22,350  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  At 1 January 2021  2,845  3,146  2,113  8,066  16,170  Provided for the year  362  47  76  516  1,001  Effect of foreign currency  exchange difference  -  (86)  -  -  (86)  Disposals/written off  -  (349)  -  (8)  (357)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  3,207  2,758  2,189  8,574  16,728  Provided for the year  428  745  87  -  1,260  Effect of foreign currency  exchange difference  -  (278)  -  -  (278)  Disposals/written off  -  -  (12)  -  (12)  At 31 December 2022  3,635  3,225  2,264  8,574  17,698  CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 31 December 2022  3,054  890  708  -  4,652  At 31 December 2021  3,482  1,669  806  -  5,957   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group is in the process of obtaining the title deeds from relevant government authorities for residential properties in the PRC received by the Group in consideration for advertising services rendered, amounting to RMB2,377,000 (2021: RMB2,400,000). In the opinion of the directors, the Group is not required to incur additional cost in obtaining the title deeds for its buildings in the PRC.

## 16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leased  Properties  RMB'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021  2,936  Additions  1,468  Written-off upon lease expiration  (2,936)  Effect of foreign currency exchange difference  (80)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  1,388  Effect of foreign currency exchange difference  355  At 31 December 2022  1,743  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 January 2021  2,590  Provided for the year  964  Written-off upon lease expiration  (2,936)  Effect of foreign currency exchange difference  (86)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  532  Provided for the year  776  Effect of foreign currency exchange difference  302  At 31 December 2022  1,610  Carrying amounts  At 31 December 2022  133  At 31 December 2021  856   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)

Lease  liabilities  of  RMB151,000  (2021:  RMB953,000)  are  recognised  with  related  right-of-use  assets  of RMB133,000  (2021:  RMB856,000)  as  at  31  December  2022.  The  lease  agreements  do  not  impose  any covenants  other  than  the  security  interests  in  the  leased  assets  that  are  held  by  the  lessor.  Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

Details of total cash outflow of leases is set out in the consolidated of Statement of cash flow.

During the current year, the Group leases properties for self-own use. Lease contracts are entered into for  fixed  term  of  one  to  two  years.  Lease  terms  are  negotiated  on  an  individual  basis  and  contain  a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

## 17. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  - Equity securities listed in Hong Kong  12,732  19,334   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair value are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.

## 18. TRADE RECEIVABLES/PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

## Trade receivables

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables  99,088  80,295  Less: Allowance for expected credit losses  (41,811)  (35,016)  57,277  45,279   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 18. TRADE RECEIVABLES/PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

## Trade receivables (continued)

The Group's credit terms with its customers generally range from 30 days to 365 days. The Group seeks to apply strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. Trade receivables are noninterest bearing. As at the end of the reporting period, an aged analysis of the trade receivables, net of allowance for bad and doubtful debts, presented based on the respective dates on which revenue was recognised, are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables:  Within 90 days  11,167  13,987  91 - 180 days  4,688  -  181 - 365 days  8,358  8,007  Over 1 year  33,064  23,285  57,277  45,279   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movement  in  lifetime  ECL  that  has  been  recognised  for  trade  receivables  in  accordance  with  the simplified approach set out in IFRS 9 for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, are as follows:

| Total  RMB'000  Balance as at 1 January 2021  37,232  Reversal of expected credit losses, net  (4,168)  Exchange realignment  1,952  Balance as at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  35,016  Allowance for expected credit losses, net  3,824  Exchange realignment  2,971  Balance as at 31 December 2022  41,811   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Reversal of allowance of ECL is due to the Group's recovery of receivable.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  additional  ECL  amount  to  RMB3,824,000  provided mainly  due  to  the  increased  in  the  overdue  balance  for  the  trade  receivables  and  further  increase  in the default rate for the long outstanding trade receivables balance. The allowance for expected credit losses  increased by approximately RMB6,795,000, net of exchange realignment of RMB2,971,000 (2021: RMB1,952,000) for  trade  receivables  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  Details  of  impairment assessment  under  expected  credit  loss  model  of  trade  receivables  for  the  year  ended  31  December 2022 and 2021 set out in Note 31.

The trade receivables are dominate in RMB and HK$ amount for both years.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 18. TRADE RECEIVABLES/PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

## Prepayments, deposits and other receivables

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current:  Other receivables, deposits and prepayments (Note (ii))  8,001  3,594  Prepayments for agency fees for printed media and outdoor  and digital advertising  1,012  1,936  Refundable deposits for termination of film investments  (Note (i), (ii) and (iii))  3,029  2,974  12,042  8,504  Non-current:  Other deposits and prepayments  3,841  2,783  15,883  11,287   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) Amount represents  refundable  deposit  to  be  received  from  a  co-investor  upon  the  termination  of  one  film  investments  on 31 December 2022 (2021: one) and receivables from co-investors for join investments of movies.

(ii) Movement in allowance for ECL that has been recognised for deposits and other receivables under ECL model of IFRS 9 for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 was detailed in note 31.

(iii) The carrying amount was net of impairment loss of approximately RMB26,278,000 recognised in 2019 based on the impairment assessment performed by the Group.

## 19. FILM RIGHTS/PREPAYMENT FOR FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS

## Film rights

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  COST  At the beginning of the year  15,893  70,916  Additions  7,754  -  Recognised as an expense included in cost of sales  (13,139)  (15,145)  Impairment of film rights  (2,585)  (37,887)  Effect of foreign currency exchange difference  1,142  (1,991)  At the end of the year  9,065  15,893   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 19. FILM RIGHTS/PREPAYMENT FOR FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS

(continued)

## Film rights (continued)

During the year ended 31 December 2022, additions of RMB7,754,000, which represented transfers from prepayment for film and entertainment business, were recorded (2021: Nil).

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, management of the Group considered the expected future income of the film rights can recover the film costs.

Film rights are stated at cost less any identified impairment loss.

## Prepayment for film and entertainment business

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current  17,236  35,047  Non-current  11,497  19,561  28,733  54,608   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amount  represents  prepayment  for  profit  sharing  rights  in  films  and  concerts.  The  amount  for  the relevant films or concerts that are expected to broadcast or take place after twelve months from the end of the reporting period is classified as non-current assets.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  impairment  of  approximately  RMB22,401,000  was  made (2021: RMB65,395,000).

## Impairment of film rights and prepayment of film and entertainment business

Due to the pandemic impact in the previous three years, the Group faced the challenging time on the economic  downturn  of  the  film  and  television  industry  in  China.  The  impairment  loss  on  film  rights and  prepayment  of  film  and  entertainment  business  recognised  during  the  year  ended  31  December 2022  and  2021  mainly  due  to  the  uncertainty  on  the  recoverability  from  the  Group's  customer  which is  the  production  company  situated  in  China.  During  the  year  31  December  2022,  the  management of  the  Group  identified  certain  production  companies  which  signed  contract  with  the  Group  in  the previous year had financial difficulties or gone out of business. In addition, some of the film production experience  significant  delay  and  incurred  additional  cost.  As  the  result,  further  impairment  loss  was provided  during  the  year  by  reflect  the  current  market  situation  as  at  the  year  ended  31  December 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 20. PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/RESTRICTED CASH/CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash and bank balances and restricted cash  are denominated in foreign currencies of respective group entities:  United States dollars ('US$')  5  651  Japanese Yen ('JPY')  219  469  Euro ('EUR')  29  409   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The cash and bank balances and bank deposits of RMB2,688,000 (2021: RMB11,300,000), denominated in  RMB,  are  not  freely  convertible  into  other  currencies.  However,  under  the  PRC's  Foreign  Exchange Control  Regulations  and  Administration  of  Settlement,  Sale  and  Payment  of  Foreign  Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

Cash  at  banks  earns  interest  at  floating  rates  based  on  daily  bank  deposit  rates.  Short-term  bank deposits  are  made  for  varying  periods  of  between  one  day  and  three  months  depending  on  the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term bank deposit rates. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

As at 31 December 2021, pledged bank deposits carry interest at prevailing market rates which range from  0.3%-2.45%  per  annum  and  represent  deposits  pledged  to  a  bank  to  secure  short-term  banking facility granted to the Group. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the pledged bank deposits was withdrawn due to the expiry of the short term banking facility.

The  Group's  prepaid  card  service  is  regulated  by  the  SVF  license  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Monetary Authority ('HKMA'). The prepaid card services required to maintain certain level of cash balance in the bank account with reference to the cash received from client and it is under the monitor of HKMA. As at 31 December 2022, cash balances of RMB233,463,000 (2021: RMB175,122,000) has been received from and  restricted  for  the  use  by  prepaid  card  customers.  The  Group  has  recognised  the  corresponding liabilities  to  respective  external  clients  as  restricted  cash  received  from  prepaid  card  holders  of RMB196,676,000  (2021:  RMB153,825,000).  However,  the  Group  does  not  have  a  currently  enforceable right to offset those payables with the restricted cash.

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 21. TRADE PAYABLES/OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

## Trade payables

The normal credit period on trade payables is generally ranged from 30 days to 180 days.

The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 90 days  18,869  11,286  91 - 180 days  6,299  -  Over 180 days  504  3,464  25,672  14,750   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade payables are dominate in RMB and HK$ amount for both years.

## Other payables and accruals

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Other payables (Note)  196,676  153,825  Accrued salaries and staff welfare  200  195  Other accruals  41,959  33,371  Other tax payable  1,588  1,408  240,423  188,799   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Other payables amounting RMB196,676,000 (2021: RMB153,825,000) was related to restricted cash received from prepaid card holders and held for who in the course of the conduct of regulated activities. However, the Group does not have a currently enforceable right to offset these payables with the deposits placed.

## 22. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Receipts in advance  366  1,738   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 22. CONTRACT LIABILITIES (continued)

| For the year ended 31 December 2022  Outdoor  and digital  advertising  Film and  entertainment  investment  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Balance at 1 January  1,640  98  1,738  Decrease in contract liability as a result of recognising  revenues during the year  (1,640)  -  (1,640)  Increase in contract liabilities excluding amounts  recognised as revenue during the year  260  -  260  Effect of foreign currency exchange difference  -  8  8  Balance at 31 December  260  106  366  For the year ended 31 December 2021  Outdoor  and digital  advertising  Film and  entertainment  investment  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Balance at 1 January  1,567  101  1,668  Decrease in contract liability as a result of recognising  revenues during the year  (1,567)  -  (1,567)  Increase in contract liabilities excluding amounts  recognised as revenue during the year  1,640  -  1,640  Effect of foreign currency exchange difference  -  (3)  (3)  Balance at 31 December  1,640  98  1,738   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 23. LEASE LIABILITIES

At 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group had lease liabilities repayable as follows:

| 2022  2021  Present  value of the  minimum  lease  payments  Total  minimum  lease  payments  Present  value of the  minimum  lease  payments  Total  minimum  lease  payments  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 1 year  151  171  814  1,026  After 1 year but within 2 years  -  -  139  171  151  171  953  1,197  Less: total future interest expenses  (20)  (244)  Present value of lease liabilities  151  953  Less:   Amount due for settlement  within 12 months (shown  under current liabilities)  (151)  (814)  Amount due for settlement after  12 months (shown under  non-current liabilities)  -  139   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average incremental borrowings rates applied to lease liabilities was 3.99% (2021: 3.99%) per annum.

## 24. BOND PAYABLE

On 23 July 2020, the Company entered a bond agreement with a company which is independent to the Group with a principal value of HK$12,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB10,843,000). The bond bears interest rate at 12% per annum and are due for repayments on 22 July 2023.

On  initial  recognition,  the  fair  value  of  bond  issued  by  the  Company  were  determined  based  on  the present value of the contractual stream of future cash flows discounted at rate at 12% per annum. The discount rate is determined with reference to the yield rate with credit rating and duration similar to the bond note.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 24. BOND PAYABLE (continued)

The details of the bond note for the year are set out below:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January  10,253  10,556  Imputed interest charged  1,241  1,177  Repayments during the year  -  (1,176)  Exchange realignment  905  (304)  At 31 December  12,399  10,253  Less: Amount due within one year classified as current liabilities  (12,399)  (1,174)  Amount due after one year classified as non-current liabilities  -  9,079   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. SHARE CAPITAL

| Number of  shares  Share capital  Shown in the  consolidated  financial  statements as  US$'000  RMB'000  Ordinary shares of US$0.04 each  Authorised:  As at 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  4,000,000,000  40,000  N/A  Share consolidation  (3,000,000,000)  -  N/A  As at 31 December 2022  1,000,000,000  40,000  N/A  Issued and fully paid:  As at 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  691,200,000  6,912  44,567  Share consolidation (Note)  (518,400,000)  -  -  As at 31 December 2022  172,800,000  6,912  44,567   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. SHARE CAPITAL (continued)

Note:

Pursuant  to  an  ordinary  resolution  passed  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  5  August  2022,  the shareholders  of  the  Company  have  approved  the  proposed  share  consolidation  for  every  four  shares  of  US$0.01  each  into  one consolidated share of par value of US$0.04 each in issued and unissued share capital of the company ('Share Consolidation').

Further  details  on  the  Share  Consolidation  were  set  out  in  the  announcements  of  the  Company dated  25  July  2022  and  the  poll  results  of  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  were  set  out  in  the announcement of the Company dated 31 August 2022.

## 26. EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

A  share  option  scheme  was  adopted  by  the  Company  pursuant  to  a  resolution  passed  by  the shareholders of the Company on 17 December 2010 (the 'Old Share Option Scheme') and the Old Share Option  Scheme  was  expired  on  16  December  2020. A  new  share  option  scheme  was  adopted  by  the Company pursuant to a resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company on 30 June 2021 (the 'New Share Option Scheme').

The  purpose  of  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme  is  to  enable  the  Group  to  grant  options  to  eligible participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution to the Group. The directors consider the New Share  Option  Scheme,  with  its  broadened  basis  of  participation,  will  enable  the  Group  to  reward  the employees, the directors and other eligible participants for their contributions to the Group.

The  participants  of  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme  include  (i)  any  full-time  or  part-time  employees (including  any  directors,  whether  executive  or  non-executive  and  whether  independent  or  not)  of  the Group or any entity (''Invested Entity'') in which any member of the Group holds an equity interest; (ii) any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity; (iii) any customer of  any  member  of  the  Group  or  any  Invested  Entity;  (iv)  any  substantial  shareholder  of  any  member of  the  Group  or  any  Invested  Entity;  (v)  any  adviser  (professional  or  otherwise)  or  consultant  to  any area of finance or business development of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity; (vi) any partners  of  joint  venture,  business  alliance  or  other  business  arrangement  who  have  contributed  or may contribute to the development and growth of the Group.

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 26. EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

The maximum number of the shares that may be allotted and issued upon the exercise of all options (excluding, for this purpose, options which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the New Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group) under the New Share Option Scheme and  any  other  share  option  scheme  of  the  Group  shall  not  exceed  10%  of  the  number  of  shares  in issue on the adoption date (the 'General Scheme Limit') i.e., on 30 June 2021. The Company may seek approval of  the  shareholders  in  a  general  meeting  to  refresh  the  General  Scheme  Limit  provided  that the total number of shares which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the New Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group shall not exceed 10% of the number of shares in issue as at the date of approval of the limit. The maximum number of shares  which  may  be  allotted  and  issued  upon  exercise  of  the  options  to  be  granted  under  the  New Share  Option  Scheme  is  69,120,000  (after  share  consolidation  completion  on  25  August  2022  was 17,280,000), representing 10% of the number of shares in issue as at 31 December 2022.

The  total  number  of  shares  issued  and  which  may  fall  to  be  issued  upon  the  exercise  of  the  options granted  under  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme  and  any  other  share  option  scheme  of  the  Group (including  both  exercised  or  outstanding  options)  to  each  grantee  in  any  12-month  period  shall  not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company for the time being (the 'Individual Limit'). Any further grant of options in excess of the Individual Limit in any 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant must be separately approved by the shareholders in a general meeting of the Company with such grantee and his, her or its close associates abstaining from voting. The number and terms (including the exercise price) of options to be further granted must be fixed before the approval of the shareholders and the date of the board meeting for proposing such further grant should be taken as the date of grant for the purpose of calculating the exercise price.

An option may be accepted by a participant within 21 days from the date of the offer of grant of the option. An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the New Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to be determined and notified by the directors to each grantee, which period may commence from the date of offer for the grant of options is made, but shall end in any event not later than 10 years from the date of grant of the option subject to the provisions for early termination of the New Share Option Scheme.

Unless  otherwise  determined  by  the  directors  and  stated  in  the  offer  for  the  grant  of  options  to  a grantee, there is no minimum period required under the New Share Option Scheme for which an option must be held  or  any  performance  target  which  must  be  achieved  before  an  option  can  be  exercised under the terms of the New Share Option Scheme.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 26. EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of the grant of an option. The exercise price for  the  shares  under  the  New  Share  Option  Scheme shall be a price determined by the directors, but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet on the date of offer for the grant, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing  prices  of  the  shares  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotation  sheets  for  the  five business  days  immediately  preceding  the  date  of  offer  for  the  grant;  and  (iii)  the  nominal  value  of  a share.

The  New Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on 30 June 2021, which is the date it is adopted.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  aggregate  share  options  of  69,120,000  were  granted  to certain  employees  on  11 April  2022. The  share  options  granted  were  vested  immediately. The  validity period of the share options is 2 years from the date of grant. The fair values of the options granted on 11 April 2022 determined using the Binomial Model is RMB2,447,000.

Details of the movements of the share options granted by the Company pursuant to the Share Option Scheme from the date of grant are as below:

| Number of share options  Category  Date of  grant  Exercise  price  per share  Outstanding  at  1 January  2021  Granted  during  the year  Lapsed  during  the year  Outstanding  at  31 December  2021  Granted  during  the year  Effect of share  consolidation  completed on  25 August  2022  Lapsed  during  the year  Outstanding at  31 December  2022  Exercise  price  (adjusted  after share  consolidation)  (Note i)  HK$  HK$  Consultants  05.07.2019  0.029  46,080,000  -  (46,080,000)  -  -  -  -  -  0.29  Mr. Ruan Deqing, the executive director  05.07.2019  0.029  5,760,000  -  (5,760,000)  -  -  -  -  -  0.29  Mr. Ma Pun Fai, the executive director  05.07.2019  0.029  5,760,000  -  (5,760,000)  -  -  -  -  -  0.29  Employees  11.12.2020  0.078  57,600,000  -  -  57,600,000  -  (43,200,000)  (14,400,000)  -  0.312  Employees  11.04.2022  0.112  -  -  -  -  69,120,000  (51,840,000)  -  17,280,000  0.448  Total  115,200,000  -  57,600,000  57,600,000  69,120,000  ((95,040,000)  (14,400,000)  17,280,000  Exercisable at 31 December 2022  17,280,000  Weighted average exercise price (HK$)  0.078  0.078  0.112   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) The period within which the share options must be exercised shall not be more than 2 years from the date of grant.

(ii) The  Group  recognised  the  total  expense  of  RMB2,447,000  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  in  relation  to  the  share options  granted  to  the  employees  of  the  Company. All  the  share  options  were  vested  during  the  year  ended  31  December 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 26. EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

The  fair  value  of  share  options  were  calculated  using  the  Binomial  Model.  The  inputs  into  the  model were as follows:

| 2022  2020  Grant date share price  HK$0.112  HK$0.048  Exercise price  HK$0.112  HK$0.078  Expected volatility  98.39%  83.00%  Expected life  2 years  2 years  Risk-free rate  2.11%  0.18%  Expected dividend yield  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Estimate fair value and measurement method

Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company's share price over the previous 2 years. The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on management's best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.

No other feature of the options granted was incorporated into the measurement of fair value.

At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 17,280,000 share options outstanding under the New  Share  Option  Scheme  and  the  total  number  of  shares  available  for  issue  under  the  New  Share Option  Scheme  was  17,280,000,  which  represented  10%  of  the  Company's  shares  in  issue  as  at  31 December 2022 and the date of this annual report. The exercise in full of the outstanding share options would, under the present capital structure of the Company, result in the issue of 17,280,000 additional ordinary shares of the Company and additional funds raised of approximately HK$7,741,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,669,000) (before issue expenses).

Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, no share options were exercised.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  there  were  14,400,000  (2021:  57,600,000)  share  option lapsed.

## 27. RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES

The Group operates a MPF Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of trustees. The Group and the employees shall make contributions based on a percentage of the employee's basic salary with a cap of HK$1,500 per month and recognised in profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the plan are held separately from those of the Group in funds under the control of trustees.

The PRC employees of the Group are members of a state-managed retirement benefit scheme operated by the local government. The Group is required to contribute 20%-22% (2021: 20%-22%) of their payroll costs  to  the  retirement  benefit  scheme  to  fund  the  benefits.  The  only  obligation  of  the  Group  with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the specified contributions.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  made  total  contributions  to  the  retirement benefits schemes of RMB656,000 (2021: RMB724,000).

During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group had no forfeited contributions under the  MPF  Scheme  and  the  retirement  benefit  scheme  in  the  PRC  that  might  be  used  by  the  Group  to reduce the existing level of contributions.

## 28. OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS

At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant commitments.

## 29. COMMITMENTS

At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant commitments.

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern  while  maximising  the  return  to  owners  through  the  optimisation  of  the  debt  and  equity balance.

The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising share capital and reserves.

The management of the Group reviews the capital structure on a continuous basis taking into account the  cost  of  capital  and  risk  associated  with  the  capital.  The  Group  will  balance  its  overall  capital structure through new share issues or the dividend payment to shareholders.

The  externally  imposed  capital  requirements  for  the  Group  are:  (i)  in  order  to  maintain  its  listing  on the Stock Exchange it has to have a public float of at least 25% of the shares; and (ii) to meet financial covenants attached to the interest-bearing borrowings.

The Group receives a report from the share registrars weekly on substantial share interests showing the non-public float and it demonstrates continuing compliance with the 25% limit throughout the year.

Breaches  in  meeting  the  financial  covenants  would  permit  the  bank  to  immediately  call  borrowings. There  have  been  no  breaches  in  the  financial  covenants  of  any  interest-bearing  borrowing  for  the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. No changes were made in the Group's overall strategy on its objectives,  policies  or  processes  for  managing  capital  during  the  years  ended  31  December  2022  and 31 December 2021.

## 31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at amortised costs  (including cash and cash equivalents)  299,567  240,900  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  12,732  19,334  Financial liabilities  Amortised cost  278,645  214,755   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial risk management objectives and policies

The  Group's  major  financial  instruments  include  trade  receivables,  refundable  deposits  and  other receivables,  pledged  bank  deposits,  restricted  cash,  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  trade  payables,  other payables  and  accruals,  lease  liabilities  and  bond  payable.  Details  of  these  financial  instruments  are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency  risk  and  interest  rate  risk),  credit  risk  and  liquidity  risk  and  the  policies  on  how  to  mitigate these  risks  are  set  out  below.  The  management  manages  and  monitors  these  exposures  to  ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Market risk Currency risk

The Group collects most of its revenue in RMB and incurs most of the expenditures as well as capital expenditures in RMB, while the Group still has certain foreign currency denominated monetary assets, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging  policy.  However,  the  management  monitors  foreign  exchange  exposure  and  will  consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

As at end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of the Group's monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than functional currencies of the respective group entities are as follows:

| US$  JPY  EUR  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Restricted cash  5  651  219  469  29  409   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity analysis

The  following  table  details  the  Group's  sensitivity  to  a  5%  (2021:  5%)  increase  and  decrease  in  the functional  currency  of  the  respective  group  entities  against  relevant  foreign  currencies  and  all other  variables  were  held  constant.  5%  (2021:  5%)  is  the  sensitivity  rate  used  by  management  in  the assessment  of  the  reasonably  possible  change  in  foreign  exchange  rates.  The  sensitivity  analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the year end for a 5% (2021: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. The negative numbers below indicate decrease in post-tax loss for the year ended 31 December 2022 where the functional currency of the respective  group  entities  strengthens  5%  (2021:  5%)  against  the  relevant  foreign  currencies.  For  a  5% (2021:  5%)  weakening  of  the  functional  currency  of  the  respective  group  entities  against  the  relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the result for the year.

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Profit or loss  13  76   |
|--------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Market risk (continued) Interest rate risk

The  Group  is  exposed  to  cash  flow  interest  rate  risk  in  relation  to  pledged  bank  deposits,  shortterm  bank  deposits  and  cash  and  cash  equivalents.  The  management  has  considered  that  the  cash flow  interest  rate  risk  is  limited  because  the  current  market  interest  rates  on  general  deposits  are relatively low and stable. The Group currently does not have interest rate hedging policy. However, the management  of  the  Group  will  consider  hedging  significant  interest  rate  exposure  should  the  need arise.

The  management considers that the Group's exposure to cash flow interest rate risk  on  variable-rate pledged  bank  deposits,  restricted  cash  and  cash  and  cash  equivalents  as  a  result  of  the  change  of market  interest  rate  is  insignificant  due  to  its  short-term  maturity  and  thus  no  sensitivity  analysis  is prepared for interest rate risk.

## Price Risk

The  Group  is  exposed  to  equity  price  risk  through  its  investments  in  listed  equity  securities.  The management manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks. The Group's equity price risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments quoted on the Stock Exchange. In  addition,  the  Group  has  delegated  the  chief  financial  officer  of  the  Group  to  monitor  the  price  risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the need arise.

## Sensitivity analysis

The  sensitivity  analysis  below  has  been  determined  based  on  the  exposure  to  equity  price  risks  at the reporting date. For sensitivity analysis purpose, the sensitivity rate is set as 10% as a result of the volatile financial market.

If  the  prices  of  the  respective  equity  instruments  had  been  10%  higher/lower,  the  loss  for  the  year ended 31 December 2022 would decrease/increase by RMB1,063,000 (2021: RMB1,614,000) as a result of the changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Credit risk

The  Group's  credit  risk  is  primarily  attributable  to  trade  receivables,  deposits  and  other  receivables, pledged bank deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents.

The  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  to  provide  for  expected  credit  losses  prescribed  by  IFRS 9,  which  permits  the  use  of  the  lifetime  expected  credit  loss  provision  for  all  trade  receivables.  To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics. The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables impacting  credit  risk  and  expected  credit  loss.  It  considers  available  reasonable  and  supportive forwarding-looking information.

In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that followup action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group's credit risk is significantly reduced.

The  Group  has  concentration  of  credit  risks  with  exposure  limited  to  certain  customers.  Trade receivables  (after  impairment)  from  the  five  largest  debtors  at  31  December  2022  represented  56% (2021: 66%) of the total trade receivables. The management closely monitors the subsequent settlement of  the  customers. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group's credit risk is significantly reduced.

| As at 31 December 2022  Not past  due  0 to 90  days  91 to  180 days  181 days  to 1 year  Over  1 year  Total  Expected credit loss rate (%)  2%  4%  4%  18%  54%  42%  Gross carrying amount (RMB'000)  9,171  2,298  4,888  10,171  72,560  99,088  Lifetime ECL (RMB'000)  (209)  (94)  (200)  (1,812)  (39,496)  (41,811)  Carrying amount (RMB'000)  8,962  2,204  4,688  8,359  33,064  57,277   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As at 31 December 2021  Not past  due  0 to 90  days  91 to  180 days  181 days  to 1 year  Over  1 year  Total  Expected credit loss rate (%)  3%  -%  -%  11%  59%  44%  Gross carrying amount (RMB'000)  14,433  -  -  8,987  56,875  80,295  Lifetime ECL (RMB'000)  (446)  -  -  (979)  (33,591)  (35,016)  Carrying amount (RMB'000)  13,987  -  -  8,008  23,284  45,279   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

As  at  31  December  2022  and  2021,  trade  receivables  that  are  individually  significant  have  been separately  assessed  for  impairment.  The  Group  makes  periodic  assessments  on  the  recoverability  of the receivables based on the background and reputation of the customers, historical settlement records and past experience.

## Refundable Deposits and other receivables

For  other  receivables,  the  directors  of  the  Company  make  periodic  individual  assessment  on  the recoverability  of  other  receivables  and  other  deposits  based  on  historical  settlement  records,  past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forwardlooking information.

The movement of loss allowances for refundable deposits and other receivables during the year are as follows:

| Other  Refundable  receivables  deposits  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021, 1 January 2022 and  31 December 2022  995  31,748   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  2021,  there  is  no  significant  increase  in  the  other receivables  and  refundable  deposit  balance.  The  directors  of  the  Company  believe  that  there  are  no significant  increase  in  credit  risk  of  refundable  deposit  since  initial  recognition  and  the  Group  has realistic prospect of recovery.

## Pledged bank deposits/restricted cash/cash and cash equivalents

The  credit  risk  on  pledged  bank  deposits,  restricted  cash  and  cash  and  cash  equivalents  are  limited because the majority of the counterparties are banks with high credit-ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies. The Group has no other significant concentration of credit risk.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Liquidity risk

In  the  management  of  the  liquidity  risk,  the  Group  monitors  and  maintains  a  level  of  cash  and  cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group's operations and mitigate the effects  of  fluctuations  in  cash  flows.  The  Group  relies  on  internal  fundings  as  a  significant  source  of liquidity.

2022

Total

Contractual undiscounted

cash flow

RMB'000

25,672

240,423

15,053

171

281,319

Carrying amount

RMB'000

25,672

240,423

12,399

151

278,645

Within

1 year or on demand

RMB'000

25,672

240,423

15,053

171

281,319

More than

1 year but less than 2 years

RMB'000

-

-

-

-

-

More than

2 years but less than 5 years

RMB'000

-

-

-

-

-

| 2021  Interest rate  Carrying  amount  Total  Contractual  undiscounted  cash flow  Within  1 year or  on demand  More than  1 year but less  than 2 years  More than  2 years but less  than 5 years  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade payables  14,750  14,750  14,750  -  -  Other payables and accrual  188,799  188,799  188,799  -  -  Bonds payable  12%  10,253  15,053  -  15,053  -  Lease liabilities  3.99%  953  1,197  1,026  171  -  214,755  219,799  204,575  15,224  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors consider that liquidity risk is limited after considering the future cash flows of the Group in  the  foreseeable  future  the  short-term  liabilities  are  required  to  be  repaid  within  three  months  from the end of the reporting period. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

Trade payables

Other payables and accrual

Bonds payable

Lease liabilities

Interest rate

12%

3.99%

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Fair value measurements of financial instruments Fair  value  of  the  Group's  financial  assets  that  are  measured  at  fair  value  on  a  recurring basis

The Group's financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

| Financial assets  Fair value as at  31 December 2022  Fair value  hierarchy  Valuation technique  and key inputs  Financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  -   listed securities  in Hong Kong  RMB12,732,000 (2021:  RMB19,334,000)  Level 1  Quoted share prices in  an active market.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There is no transfer between different levels of the fair value hierarchy for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Fair value of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  as  reflected  in  the consolidated statement of financial position approximate their respective fair values as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 32. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the equity-settled share-based payment were approximately RMB2,447,000.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 33. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash  and  non-cash  changes.  Liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities  are  those  for  which  cash  flow were,  or  future  cashflows  will  be  classified  in  the  Group's  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  from financing activities.

| Bond  payable  Lease  liabilities  RMB'000  RMB'000  (note 24)  (note 23)  At 1 January 2021  10,556  364  Additions  -  1,468  Accrued interest  1,177  47  Financing cash outflows  (1,176)  (924)  Exchange realignment  (304)  (2)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  10,253  953  Accrued interest  1,241  24  Financing cash outflows  -  (884)  Exchange realignment  905  58  At 31 December 2022  12,399  151   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Save  as  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Group  had  the  following material related party transactions during the year:

## Related party transactions

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Advertising agency fee paid by a related party  on behalf of the Group  111  120   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  above  transactions  are  charged  at  a  pre-determined  rate  mutually  agreed  by  the  parties.  The directors are of the opinion that these related party transactions were conducted in the ordinary course of business.

## Key management personnel compensation

Remuneration  for  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group,  including  amounts  paid/payable  to  the Company's directors and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in note 11, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Short term employee benefits  1,275  1,277  Post-employment benefits  32  15  1,307  1,292   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 35. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the Company's principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Place of  incorporation/  establishment and  operation  Issued and fully  paid share capital/  registered capital  Proportion of nominal value  of issued share capital/  registered capital held by  the Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  Directly owned  香港奧神投資有限公司  Hong Kong Ao Shen  Hong Kong  HK$100  100%  100%  Provision of  management services  三七三金融集團有限公司  373 Finance Group Limited (formerly  known as  香港奧神製作  有限公司  Hong Kong Ao Shen  Production Limited)  British Virgin Islands  US$100  100%  100%  Investment holding  Level Up Holdings Limited  British Virgin Islands  US$1  100%  100%  Investment holding  Indirectly owned  三三金融服務有限公司  33 Financial Services Limited  Hong Kong  HK$112,000,000  100%  100%  Prepaid card business  三三服務有限公司  33 Services Limited (formerly known  as  三三信貸服務有限公司  33 Credit Services Limited)  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  100%  100%  Film and entertainment  investment  三三金融科技有限公司  33 Financial Technology Limited  Hong Kong  HK$5,000,000  100%  100%  Dormant  奧神技術服務（福州） 有限公司  1  Ao Shen Technology  PRC  US$15,000,000  100%  100%  Provision of consulting  services  福建省奧神傳媒廣告有限責任公司  2,3  Fujian Ao Shen  PRC  RMB31,630,000  -  -  Provision of advertising  services  北京大提速傳媒廣告有限公司  2,3  Beijing Datisu  PRC  RMB27,000,000  -  -  Provision of advertising  services   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 35. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

| Name of subsidiary  Place of  incorporation/  establishment and  operation  Issued and fully  paid share capital/  registered capital  Proportion of nominal value  of issued share capital/  registered capital held by  the Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  北京奧神傳媒廣告有限公司  3  Beijing Aoshen Media Advertising  Co., Ltd. ('Beijing Aoshen')  PRC  RMB20,000,000  100%  100%  Provision of advertising  services  上海⼭⼭傳媒廣告有限公司  3  Shanghai Shanshan Media  Advertising Co., Ltd.  PRC  RMB2,000,000  100%  100%  Provision of advertising  services  廣州奧神廣告有限公司  3  Guangzhou Aoshen Advertising  Co., Ltd.  PRC  RMB2,000,000  100%  100%  Provision of advertising  services  濟南奧神廣告傳媒有限公司  3  Jinan Aoshen Advertising Media  Co., Ltd.  PRC  RMB2,010,000  100%  100%  Provision of advertising  services  瀋陽奧神傳媒廣告有限公司  3  Shenyang Aoshen Media Advertising  Co., Ltd.  PRC  RMB2,000,000  85%  85%  Provision of advertising  services  北京泛沛文化傳播有限公司  2,3  Beijing FanPei Culture Media Co., Ltd  ('Beijing FanPei')  PRC  RMB1,000,000  -  -  Provision of advertising  services   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 35. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

Notes:

- 1 The entity is registered as a wholly-foreign-owned enterprise under PRC law.
- 2 The Group does not have any equity interest in the registered capital of the Contracting Entities as they are established and owned as to  50%  and  50%  by  Mr.  Lin  and  Mr.  Ruan.  Pursuant  to  the  Contractual Arrangements  as  disclosed  in  note  4,  the registered  shareholders  of  the  Contracting  Entities  agreed  to  assign  all  the  shareholders'  rights  of  the  Contracting  Entities and to  assign  the  power  to  appoint  and  remove  all  the  members  of  the  board  of  directors  and  to  govern  the  financial  and operating policies of the Contracting Entities to the Group. The directors of the Company consider that such agreements give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the Contracting Entities. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, all the terms of these agreements are valid, binding and legally enforceable on all parties under the applicable laws in the PRC. With the power over the Contracting Entities and the ability to use the power over the Contracting Entities to affect the  amount  of  the  Group's  return,  the  Group  treats  the  Contracting  Entities  as  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  of  the  Company under IFRS 10 and the Contracting Entities' results, assets and liabilities are consolidated with those of the Group.

Fujian Ao Shen holds 70% equity interests of Fuzhou Haidu and Beijing Datisu holds 60% equity interests of Beijing Zhong Shi for 2019. On 2 January 2019, Beijing Datisu acquire 100% of the entire issued share capital of Beijing FanPei. Pursuant to the respective  Memorandum  and Articles  of  Association  of  Fuzhou  Haidu,  the  daily  operating  and  financial  affairs  are  decided by board of directors with simple majority of votes. Fujian Ao Shen controls two-thirds of the voting powers in the board of directors of Fuzhou Haidu which give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of these entities. Pursuant to  the  Memorandum  and  Articles  of  Association  of  Beijing  Zhong  Shi,  the  daily  operating  and  financial  affairs  are  decided by board of directors with two-thirds of votes. Beijing Datisu controls 100% of the voting powers in the board of directors of Beijing  Zhong  Shi  which  give  the  Group  the  current  ability  to  direct  the  relevant  activities  of  this  entity. Accordingly,  Fuzhou Haidu, Beijing Zhong Shi and Beijing FanPei are treated as subsidiaries of the Company under IFRS 10 and their results, assets and liabilities  are  consolidated  with  those  of  the  Group.  On  25  September  2020,  Fuzhou  Haidu  completed  the  deregistration process, as detailed in note 32, and Fujian Ao Shen no longer held any equity interest in Fuzhou Haidu. As at 31 December 2020, Beijing Datisu remains to hold 60% equity interests of Beijing Zhong Shi.

- 3 These entities are registered as limited liability companies under the applicable PRC's laws.

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results of the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details  of  other  subsidiaries  would,  in  the  opinion  of  the  directors,  result  in  particulars  of  excessive length.

In  the  opinion  of  the  directors,  there  is  no  subsidiarity  that  have  non-controlling  interests  individually that  are  material  of  the  Group  and  therefore  no  information  is  disclosed  for  these  non-wholly  owned subsidiaries.

None of the subsidiaries had any debt securities outstanding at the end of the year or any time during the year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 36. FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY

| 2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current assets  Investments in subsidiaries  63,837  58,831  Amounts due from subsidiaries (Note (i))  -  -  63,837  58,831  Current assets  Prepayment, deposits and other receivables  7,990  7,374  Amounts due from subsidiaries (Note (iii))  32,160  31,630  Cash and cash equivalents  249  186  40,399  39,190  Current liabilities  Accruals  7,442  3,738  Amounts due to subsidiaries (Note (ii))  7,526  6,935  Bond payable  12,399  1,174  27,367  11,847  Net current assets  13,032  27,343  Total assets less total current liabilities  76,869  86,174  Non-current liability  Bond payable  -  9,079  NET ASSETS  76,869  77,095  Capital and reserves  Share capital  25  44,567  44,567  Reserves (Note (iv))  32,302  32,528  76,869  77,095   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 March 2023 and signed on its behalf by:

| Ruan Deqing  Ma Pun Fui  DIRECTOR  DIRECTOR   |
|-----------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 36. FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY (continued)

Notes:

- (i) Amounts due from subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed repayment terms. The fair value of the amounts due from subsidiaries are determined based on the effective interest rate of 5% (2021: 5%) per annum on initial recognition. The  difference  between  the  principal  amount  and  the  fair  value  determined  on  initial  recognition  of  RMB62,245,000  (2020: RMB62,245,000) is debited to investments in subsidiaries. As 31 December 2022, amount of Nil (2021: Nil) represents balance with  interest  charged  at  5%  (2021:  5%)  per  annum  as  the  entire  balance  was  impaired  during  the  year  ended  31  December 2020 due to the poor performance of the subsidiaries.
- (ii) Amounts due to subsidiaries are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.

(iii) Amounts due from subsidiaries are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.

(iv) Reserves of the Company

| Share  premium  Share  redemption  reserve  Share  option  reserve  Exchange  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021  626,463  19  5,199  (1,616)  (485,190)  144,875  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (103,376)  (103,376)  Exchange differences on translation  -  -  -  (8,971)  -  (8,971)  Total comprehensive loss  -  -  -  (8,971)  (103,376)  (112,347)  Transfer upon share option lapsed  -  -  (4,610)  -  4,610  -  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  626,463  19  589  (10,587)  (583,956)  32,528  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (19,320)  (19,320)  Exchange differences on translation  -  -  -  16,647  -  16,647  Total comprehensive income/(loss)  for the year  -  -  -  16,647  (19,320)  (2,673)  Recognition of equity settled  share-based payment  -  -  2,447  -  -  2,447  Transfer upon share option lapsed  -  -  (589)  -  589  -  At 31 December 2022  626,463  19  2,447  6,060  (602,687)  32,302   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 37. AUTHORISATION FOR ISSUE OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 31 March 2023.

## FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

## RESULTS

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  71,049  97,941  95,217  79,568  68,639  Loss before tax  (57,508)  (113,422)  (123,502)  (88,424)  (32,040)  Income tax  -  -  (163)  (56)  (43)  Loss for the year  (57,508)  (113,422)  (123,665)  (88,480)  (32,083)  Attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (57,469)  (113,154)  (123,683)  (78,780)  (28,867)  Non-controlling interests  (39)  (268)  18  (9,700)  (3,216)  (57,508)  (113,422)  (123,665)  (88,480)  (32,083)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Total assets  364,879  343,925  410,065  504,400  523,737  Total liabilities  (280,854)  (217,855)  (173,263)  (141,689)  (91,996)  Non-controlling interests  1,451  1,412  1,144  16,687  8,175  Equity attributable to owners  of the Company  85,476  127,482  237,946  379,398  439,916   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The summary above does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.