## CHINA SUPPLY CHAIN HOLDINGS LIMITED 中國供應鏈產業集團有限公司

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) Stock Code: 3708

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

| Corporate Information  2  Chairman's Statement  3  Management Discussion and Analysis  5  Biographies  of  Current  Directors  and  Company  Secretary  11  Directors'  Report  14  Corporate Governance Report  25  Independent Auditor's Report  39  Consolidated Statement of Profit  or  Loss  and  Other  Comprehensive Income  48  Consolidated Statement of Financial  Position  49  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  51  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  52  Notes to  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  53  Group Financial  Summary  120   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

(As  at  the  date  of  this  report)

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Ms. MA Huijun (Chairman) Mr.  DAI  Jian Mr.  LAI  Aizhong Mr.  WONG Ka Shing

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr.  HUANG Shuhui Mr.  LIEW  Swee  Yean Ms. WANG Ying

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr.  LIEW  Swee  Yean (Chairman) Mr.  HUANG Shuhui Ms. WANG Ying

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Ms. MA Huijun (Chairman) Mr.  LIEW  Swee  Yean Ms. WANG Ying

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr.  HUANG Shuhui (Chairman) Mr.  LIEW  Swee  Yean Ms. WANG Ying

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. CHAN Lok Yin

## AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr.  DAI  Jian Mr.  WONG Ka Shing

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

Linksfield  CPA  Limited Registered  Public  Interest  Entity  Auditor (Appointed on 27 January 2021)

## SHINEWING (HK) CPA Limited

Registered  Public  Interest  Entity  Auditor (Resigned  on  27  January  2021)

<!-- image -->

## REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

Windward 3, Regatta Office Park P.O.  Box  1350 Grand Cayman KY1-1108 Cayman Islands

## HEADQUARTER AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG REGISTERED UNDER PART 16 OF THE COMPANIES ORDINANCE

12/F,  Guangdong Finance Building 88 Connaught Road West Hong Kong

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Union Registrars  Ltd Suites  3301-04,  33/F.,  Two  Chinachem  Exchange Square,  338  King's  Road,  North  Point,  Hong  Kong

## CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Ocorian  Trust  (Cayman)  Limited Windward 3, Regatta Office Park P.O.  Box  1350 Grand Cayman KY1-1108 Cayman Islands

## EMAIL

info@chsc.com.hk

## COMPANY WEBSITE

https://chsc.com.hk

## STOCK CODE

03708

<!-- image -->

## TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

On behalf  of  the  board  (the  ' Board ')  of  directors  (the  ' Directors ')  of  China  Supply  Chain  Holdings  Limited (the  ' Company ',  together  with  its  subsidiaries,  the  ' Group '),  I  present  our  annual  report  of  the  Group  for the  year  ended  30  June  2022  (the  ' Year ').

## RESULTS

During the Year,  the  Group's  principal  businesses  consist  of  building  maintenance  and  renovation  services.

For  the  Year,  the  Group  recorded  a  revenue  of  approximately  HK$297.6  million,  representing  a  decrease  of approximately HK$21.7 million or 6.8% from HK319.3 million recorded in the same period in 2021. Consolidated total comprehensive loss attributable to owners of the Company for the Year increase by approximately HK$5.1 million  or  84.5%  to  HK$11.1  million,  compared  to  the  consolidated  total  comprehensive  loss  of  previous  year (2021:  HK$6.0  million).

The  basic  and  diluted  loss  per  share  of  the  Company  (the  ' Share ')  for  the  Year  was  approximately  HK0.20 cents  (2021:  HK0.11  cents).

As at 30 June 2022, the equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to HK$132.7 million (2021: HK$143.8 million),  representing  an  decrease  of  7.7%.

## DEVELOPMENT FOR THE YEAR

## Building maintenance services

During the Year, the Group had been successfully awarded a contract with a notional or estimate contract value of  approximately  HK$578.9  million,  which  was  commenced  in  April  2022.

## Renovation services

During  the  Year,  the  Group  had  been  successfully  awarded  13  contracts  with  a  notional  or  estimate  contract value  of  approximately  HK$34.8  million.  11  out  of  the  13  renovation  contracts  have  been  commenced  during the  Year.

## PROSPECTS

Due  to  the  pandemic  COVID-19,  there  had  been  a  decrease  of  amount  in  award  the  contracts  in  building maintenance projects and renovation services projects in Hong Kong resulting in an adverse business environment. With the easing off of effects of the COVID-19 recently, the situation has been improving. As in the past few years and since the track period of our initial public offer, we will continue to focus on identifying opportunities for  building  maintenance  projects,  especially  in  the  Hong  Kong  public  sector,  which  is  our  core  business.  For renovation projects, with the growth in consciousness of building refurbishment in Hong Kong, we are confident in attaining new projects from the private sector. Riding on our operating resources and experience, we believe that we can continue to maintain our competitive edge in the industry to capture the market share for building maintenance and renovation contracting service in  Hong Kong.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## APPRECIATION

On  behalf  of  the  Board,  I  would  like  to  express  my  sincere  gratitude  to  the  shareholders  of  the  Company (' Shareholders ')  for  their  continuous  confidence,  the  business  partners  and  customers  for  their  great  trust, and  the  management  and  staff  for  their  persistent  faith  and  loyalty  to  the  Group.  In  the  coming  year,  the Group shall  continue  to  explore  new  opportunities  and  strive  for  business  growth  to  bring  the  highest  returns to  the  Shareholders.

## MA Huijun

Chairman

Hong Kong, 3 April 2023

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The  Group  is  a  building  maintenance  and  renovation  service  provider  in  Hong  Kong.  All  (100%)  revenue  for the  Year  was  derived  from  building  maintenance  and  renovation  services  in  Hong  Kong.

The Group has been focusing on these two business segments since the track record period of its initial public offer  (' IPO ')  in  2015  and  continues  so  as  the  date  of  this  report.  Sing  Fat  Construction  Co.,  Limited  (' Sing Fat ')  is  the  sole  principal  operating  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  which  is  a  'Group  M2  (confirmed  status)' building  contractor  for  maintenance  works  category  granted  by  the  Hong  Kong  Housing  Authority  (' Housing Authority ')  and  an  approved  contractor  listed  in  the  building  (maintenance  works)  category  with  a  quality maintenance  contractor  status  admitted  by  the  Housing  Authority.  Building  maintenance  had  accounted  for over 65% of the Group's revenue for the past few years and its principal customers are from the public sector, which includes  the  Housing  Authority,  in  Hong  Kong.

Revenue for the Year was approximately HK$297.6 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$21.7 million or 6.8% when compared to the same period last year of approximately HK$319.3 million. It was mainly due to the decrease in  revenue  for  both  segments.

Loss  for  the  Year  was  HK$11.1  million.  Due  to  suspension  in  trading  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  on  the Stock  Exchange  (' Suspension ')  and  in  order  to  fulfill  the  resumption  guidance  from  the  Stock  Exchange,  the Company engaged various professional parties for the purpose of resumption (' Resumption '). This resulted in non-recurring resumption related expenses (' Resumption Related Expenses ') of approximately HK$0.2 million for  the  Year  (2021:  HK$Nil).  As  majority  of  the  work  for  Resumption  was  related  to  the  year  ending  30  June 2023, majority of the Resumption Related Expenses were charged to the year ending 30 June 2023 rather than the  year  ended  30  June  2022.

Before  the  Resumption  Related  Expenses  of  HK$0.2  million  and  provision  for  impairment  loss  on  trade  and other receivables of HK$0.7 million, loss of the Company for the Year would be approximately HK$10.2 million.

The  Resumption  Related  Expenses  are  non-recurring  in  nature  since  the  Company  will  cease  to  record  such expenses after  Resumption.

## Building maintenance services

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group  had  3  building  maintenance  contracts  on  hand  with  a  notional  or  estimated contract value of approximately HK$1,170 million. As at 30 June 2021, the Group had 2 building maintenance contracts on hand with a notional or estimated contract value of HK$556.5 million. The Group has not completed any  building  maintenance  contracts  during  the  Year.

## Renovation services

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group  had  13  renovation  contracts  on  hand  (including  contracts  in  progress  and contracts  which  are  yet  to  commence)  with  a  notional  or  estimated  contract  value  of  approximately  HK$255.9 million. As at 30 June 2021, the Group had 8 renovation contracts on hand with a notional or estimated contact value  of  HK$207.6  million.  The  Group  have  completed  6  renovation  contracts  during  the  Year.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## RECENT DEVELOPMENT

## Building maintenance services

During the Year, the Group had been successfully awarded a contract with a notional or estimate contract value of  approximately  HK$578.9  million,  which  was  commenced  in  April  2022.

## Renovation services

During  the  Year,  the  Group  had  been  successfully  awarded  13  contracts  with  a  notional  or  estimate  contract value  of  approximately  HK$34.8  million.  11  out  of  the  13  renovation  contracts  have  been  commenced  during the  Year.

## FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

As the pandemic COVID-19 persisted in the Year, there had been a decrease of amount in award the contracts in building maintenance projects and renovation services projects in Hong Kong resulting in an adverse business environment. With the easing off of effects of the COVID-19 recently, the situation has been improving. As in the past few years and since the track record period of the Company's IPO, the Group will continue to focus on identifying opportunities for building maintenance projects, especially in the Hong Kong public sector, which is the Group's core business. For renovation projects, with the growth in consciousness of building refurbishment in  Hong  Kong,  the  Company  is  confident  in  attaining  new  projects  from  the  private  sector.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Revenue

Revenue derived from building maintenance services decreased by approximately HK$12.3 million or 5.7% from approximately  HK$214.6  million  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2021  to  approximately  HK$202.3  million  during the  Year.  The  revenue  was  slight  decreased  in  the  Year  as  compared  to  prior  year.

Revenue derived from renovation services decreased by approximately HK$9.5 million or 9.1% from approximately HK$104.8  million  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2021  to  approximately  HK$95.3  million  during  the  Year.  The decrease  in  revenue  was  mainly  caused  by  the  reduction  of  contract  sum.

## Gross profit and gross profit margin

During the Year, the Group's gross profit amounted to approximately HK$11.7 million (2021: HK$21.2 million) representing  a  decrease  of  approximately  HK$9.5  million,  which  is  mainly  due  to  the  decrease  of  gross  profit margin.  Gross  profit  margin  for  the  Year  was  approximately  3.9%  (2021:  6.6%).  The  decrease  in  gross  profit margin  was  caused  by  the  decrease  in  the  gross  profit  margin  for  both  building  maintenance  and  renovation services.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Gross profit attributable to building maintenance services for the Year amounted to approximately HK$6.9 million (2021:  HK$16.8  million).  The  Group's  gross  profit  margin  for  building  maintenance  services  for  the  Year  was approximately  3.4%  (2021:  7.8%).  The  decline  in  gross  profit  margin  during  the  Year  was  attributable  to  the commencement of the new awarded project of the current year with lower gross profit margin than prior year.

Gross  profit  attributable  to  renovation  services  for  the  Year  amounted  to  approximately  HK$4.3  million  (2021: HK$4.2  million),  representing  a  increase  of  approximately  HK$0.1  million  or  2.4%.  Gross  profit  margin  from renovation  services  during  the  Year  was  approximately  4.5%,  which  was  slightly  higher  than  the  year  ended 30 June 2021 of approximately 4.0%.

## Other income

During the Year, other income increased by approximately HK$1.0 million or 20% from approximately HK$5.0 million for the same period in 2021 to approximately HK$6.0 million for the Year, which was mainly due to the net  effect  of  decrease  in  government  subsidiary  to  HK$0.6  million  only  and  additional  net  income  from  waive of  directors'    emoluments  of  HK$5.0  million  in  the  Year.

## Resumption related expenses

Due  to  Suspension  and  in  order  to  fulfill  the  resumption  guidance  from  the  Stock  Exchange,  the  Company engaged various professional parties for the purpose of Resumption. This resulted in non-recurring Resumption Related  Expenses  of  approximately  HK$0.2  million  for  the  Year  (2021:  HK$Nil).  As  majority  of  the  work  for Resumption was related  to  the  year  ending  30  June  2023,  majority  of  the  Resumption  Related  Expenses  were charged to the year ending 30 June 2023 rather than the year ended 30 June 2022.

Before  the  Resumption  Related  Expenses  of  HK$0.2  million  and  provision  for  impairment  loss  on  trade  and other receivables of HK$0.7 million, loss of the Company for the Year would be approximately HK$10.2 million.

The  Resumption  Related  Expenses  are  non-recurring  in  nature  since  the  Company  will  cease  to  record  such expenses after  Resumption.

## Administrative expenses

Administrative expenses decreased by approximately HK$2.5 million or 8.1% from approximately HK$30.8 million for  the  same  period  in  2021  to  approximately  HK$28.3  million  for  the  Year.  The  decrease  was  caused  by  the decrease  in  the  operating  costs  of  the  Company,  including  but  not  limited  to,  the  decrease  in  staff  cost,  the professional  and  other  related  fees.

## Finance costs

Finance  costs  of  the  Group  still  maintained  at  a  low  level  of  approximately  HK$97,000  for  the  Year  (2021: HK$71,000).

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Income tax expenses

The  effective  tax  rates  were  approximately  +0.7%  and  -0.1%  for  the  Year  and  the  same  period  in  2021, respectively. The significant decrease for the Year was mainly represented by the derred income tax movement.

## Loss for the Year

The Group's loss for the Year was approximately HK$11.1 million (2021: HK$6.0 million), which was mainly due to  overall  decrease  in  revenue  for  both  segments  and  decrease  in  gross  profit  margin  of  building  maintenance services  in  view  of  the  adverse  business  environment  in  Hong  Kong  due  to  COVID-19.

## Liquidity,  financial  resources  and  capital  structure

The Group generally finances its operation through cash from operations, bank borrowings and finance leases. As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group  had  total  cash  and  bank  balances  of  approximately  HK$41.8  million  (2021: HK$38.1 million). There were no bank borrowings in the Group as at 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021. The Group had finance lease of approximately HK$0.3 million and HK$0.4 million as at 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021, respectively.  All  the  cash  and  bank  balances  was  denominated  in  Hong  Kong  dollar  as  at  30  June  2022.  As  at 30 June 2022, the share capital and equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately HK$11.2 million and HK$132.7 million respectively (2021: HK$11.2 million and HK$143.8 million respectively).

## Foreign exchange risk

The Group's business operations were conducted in Hong Kong. The transactions, monetary assets and liabilities of  the  Group  were  denominated  in  Hong  Kong  dollar.  With  the  insignificant  portion  of  monetary  assets denominated  in  foreign  currencies,  the  Group  did  not  engage  in  the  any  derivatives  agreement  and  did  not commit to any financial  instruments  to  hedge  its  foreign  exchange  exposure  during  the  Year.

## Gearing ratio

Gearing  ratio  is  calculated  based  on  the  total  debts  divided  by  the  total  equity.  The  gearing  ratio  was approximately  3.0%  and  1.0%  as  at  30  June  2022  and  30  June  2021,  respectively.  The  decrease  in  gearing ratio  is  due  to  the  significant  increase  of  lease  liabilities  during  the  Year.

## Charge over assets of the Group

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group  had  pledged  bank  deposits  of  approximately  HK$1.3  million  (2021:  HK$1.3 million) to a bank to secure bank facilities and performance guarantee in respect of a renovation project issued by  the  Group  and  is  expected  to  be  recovered  in  its  normal  operating  cycle.  As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group had motor vehicle under finance lease of approximately HK$0.3 million (2021: HK$0.4 million).

## Contingent liabilities

## Contingent liabilities  in  respect  of  legal  claims

A subsidiary of the Group is defendant in a number of claims, lawsuits and potential claims relating to employees' compensation  cases  and  personal  injuries  claims.  No  provision  for  the  contingent  liabilities  in  respect  of  the litigations is necessary, after due consideration of each case and with reference to legal advice, historical records and an outflow of ecomonic benefits is not probable.

## Guarantee issued

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  year,  the  Group  had  provided  guarantees  to  banks  in  respect  of  the  following:

| 30 June  2022  30 June  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Performance bonds in favor of its  clients  1,250  1,250   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  30  June  2022,  HK$1,250,000  (2021:  HK$1,250,000)  of  performance  bonds  were  given  by  a  bank  in favour  of  some  of  the  Group's  customers  as  security  for  the  due  performance  and  observance  of  the  Group's obligations under the service contracts entered into between the Group and its customers. If the Group fails to provide satisfactory performance to its customers to whom performance bonds have been given, such customers may demand the bank to pay to them the sum or sums stipulated in such demand. The Group will then become liable  to  compensate  such  banks  accordingly.  The  performance  bonds  will  be  released  upon  completion  of  the contract  work  for  the  relevant  customers.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  the  Group  had  no  material  contingent  liabilities  as  at  30  June  2022  (2021:  Nil).

## Employees and remuneration policies

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group  had  approximately  115  employees  (2021:  93).  The  staff  related  costs  included salaries,  wages  and  other  staff  benefits,  contributions  and  retirement  schemes,  provisions  for  staff  long  service payment and untaken paid leave. The Group recruits and promotes individuals based on their performance and development potential in the positions held. In order to attract and retain high quality staff and enable smooth operations  within  the  Group,  the  Group  offered  competitive  remuneration  packages  (with  reference  to  market conditions and individual qualifications and experience) and various in-house training courses. The remuneration packages were subject to review on a regular basis. The emoluments of the Directors and senior management have been reviewed by the remuneration committee of the Company, having regard to the Company's operating results,  market  competitiveness,  individual  performance  and  achievement,  and  approved  by  the  Board.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of final dividend for the Year (2021: Nil).

## SUSPENSION OF TRADING

Due  to  the  delay  in  publication  of  the  audited  annual  results  of  the  Company  for  the  year  ended  30  June 2021, trading in the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange has been suspended since 9:00 a.m. on 4 October 2021. On 21 December 2021, the Company received a letter from the Stock Exchange setting out the resumption  guidance,  which  details  were  set  out  in  the  Company's  announcement  dated  24  December  2021. Trading  in  the  shares  of  the  Company  remain  suspended  as  at  the  date  of  this  report  and  the  Company  is providing  information  to  the  Stock  Exchange  to  demonstrate  fulfilment  of  the  resumption  guidance  and  aim for  resumption  in  trading  of  the  Company's  Shares  as  soon  as  possible.

## BIOGRAPHIES OF CURRENT DIRECTORS AND COMPANY SECRETARY

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Ms.  MA  Huijun ,  aged  42,  was  appointed  as  the  Chairman,  an  executive  Director  and  the  Chairman  of the  Nomination  Committee  since  21  November  2019.  She  was  graduated  from  the  advanced  seminar  on entrepreneurial management innovation as organised by the School of Continuing Education, Tsinghua University in 2016. Ms. Ma currently serves as an executive director and the general manager of Shenzhen Qianhai Huiying Supply Chain Services Co., Ltd. ( 深圳前海惠盈供應鏈服務有限公司 )  and Shenzhen Daxing Huashangshi Business Development  Co.,  Ltd.  ( 深圳大興華商實業務發展有限公司 ),  respectively.  Ms.  Ma  participated  in  the  overall planning, development and operation of a number of large-scale textile companies and apparel companies. She has  accumulated  more  than  21  years  of  experience  in  the  textile  and  apparel  industry  and  has  organised  and participated  in  cross-border  and  cross-industry  supply  chain  business  exchanges  for  many  times.

Mr. DAI Jian ,  aged 37, was appointed as the Chairman, an executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and the chairman of the nomination committee on 14 January 2017. He resigned as the chairman of the nomination committee  and  has  been  redesignated  as  the  Vice  Chairman  since  21  November  2019.  He  is  a  controlling shareholder  of  the  Company.  He  holds  a  bachelor's  degree  in  finance  from  The  Great  Wall  University  Beijing, the  PRC.  He  has  been  an  executive  director  and  general  manager  of 河⼝縣錦鑫礦業有限公司 (transliterated as  Hekou  Jinxin  Mining  Limited  Company)  since  September  2016.  Currently,  he  is  also  a  deputy  manager  of the department of research and development of 江陰市友佳珠光雲母有限公司 (transliterated  as  Jiangyin  Youjia Pearlescent Mica Co. Ltd., 'Jiangyin Youjia') since December 2013. Jiangyin Youjia was established in the PRC in  2003  and  is  a  subsidiary  of  China  Crystal  New  Material  Holdings  Co.,  Ltd.  ( 中國晶體新材料控股有限公司 , 'China Crystal'),  a  company  incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  with  limited  liability  and  listed  in  the  trading board of stock  exchange  in  South  Korea  since  28  January  2016  (KOSDAQ  stock  code:  900250).

Mr.  DAI  Jian  has  been  a  deputy  general  manager  of  Jiangsu  Province  Special  Synthetic  Mica  Engineering  and Technology Research Center ( 江蘇省特種合成雲母工程技術研究中心 ) since January 2015, a centre established by Jiangyin  Youjia  which  is  a  provincial  engineering  and  technology  research  centre  in  Jiangsu  Province,  the  PRC. Mr. DAI Jian has taken part in various research and development projects, including producing electronic micavia artificial  synthesis  ( 人工電⼦合成雲母 ),  automated  production  system  of  artificial  crystal  synthetic  mica,  etc.

He is the younger cousin of Mr. DAI Ming, who is a former executive Director for the period from 21 November 2019 to 1 January 2023.

Mr.  LAI  Aizhong ,  aged  57,  was  appointed  as  an  executive  Director  on  21  November  2019.  Mr.  Lai  was appointed  as  an  executive  Director,  Chairman  of  the  Board  and  the  Chairman  of  the  nomination  committee of  the  Company  during  the  period  from  3  March  2016  to  14  January  2017.  He  was  graduated  from  the Beijing  Technological  College  ( 北京技術研修學院 )  and  obtained  the  EMBA  in  Tsinghua  University.  Mr.  Lai  has extensive  experience  in  corporate  management,  merger  and  acquisition  and  corporate  taxation.  He  is  currently the executive director of Shenzhen Fully Investment Administration Co., Ltd. ( 深圳市富來投資管理有限公司 ),  the chairman  of  the  board  of  directors  of  Shenzhen  Bosum  Asset  Management  Limited  ( 深圳市博商資產管理有限 公司 ,  'Shenzhen Bosum'), the chairman of the board of directors of China Bosum Asset Management Limited (Hong  Kong)  ( 中國博商資產管理有限公司（香港） ),  the  President  of  Tsinghua  University  in  Shenzhen  Bosum Association Industry Association ( 深圳清華大學博商同學會行業協會 ), the General Manager of Tsinghua University in Shenzhen Bo Business Partnership Fund ( 深圳市清華大學博商基金 ), the Guangdong Region Managing Partner of  Zhejiang  Changsheng  Venture  Capital  Partnership  ( 浙江常晟創業投資合夥企業 ),  the  director  of  Guangzhou Aodelin Electronics Co., Ltd. ( 廣州市澳鍀林電⼦有限公司 ),  and the director of Zhuzhou Seed Cemented Carbide Technology Co., Ltd.  ( 株洲西迪硬質合金科技有限公司 ).

## BIOGRAPHIES OF CURRENT DIRECTORS AND COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  WONG  Ka  Shing  (re-designated  as  an  executive  director  on  10  October  2022) ,  aged  44,  holds  a Bachelor of Arts (Hon) degree in Accounting and Finance issued from The Leeds Metropolitan University in 2003. Mr.  Wong  is  a  fellow  of  both  The  Association  of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants  and  Hong  Kong  Institute of  Certified  Public  Accountants.  Mr.  Wong  had  been  (i)  an  executive  director  of  Yuk  Wing  Group  Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1536) (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange) during the period from January 2019 to January 2021; and (ii) an independent non-executive director of Solomon Worldwide Holdings Limited  (Stock  Code:  8133)  (a  company  listed  on  GEM  of  the  Stock  Exchange)  during  the  period  from  April 2015  to  April  2022.  Mr.  Wong  has  extensive  experience  in  accounting,  company  secretarial  services,  auditing and  financial  management.  Mr.  Wong  has  entered  into  a  service  agreement  with  the  Company  for  a  term  of three  years  from  1  October  2022.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. HUANG Shuhui , aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 21 November 2019. He was graduated from Shanghai Customs College with a master's degree. Mr. Huang served as the manager of  the  management  department  of  the  Enterprise  Management  Office,  the  director  of  the  Enterprise  Office of  Jieyang  County  ( 揭陽縣企業管理辦公室 ),  the  director  of  the  Finance  and  Trade  Office  of  Jiedong  County ( 揭東縣財貿辦 )  and  concurrently  served  as  the  general  manager  and  the  secretary  of  Party  Committee  of  the Foreign  Trade  Company ( 對外貿易公司 );  he  was  a  member  of  the  preparation  group  of  Chaoshan  Airport  and concurrently  served  as  the  legal  person  and  chairman  of  Chaoshan  Airport  Industrial  Company  ( 潮汕機場實業 公司 );  he  served  as  the  legal  person  and  managing  director  of  Jiangxi  Zhongziyuan  Investment  Guarantee  Co., Ltd.  ( 江西省中資源投資擔保有限公司 ).

Mr.  Huang  currently  serves  as  the  president  of  the  Guangdong  Chamber  of  Commerce  in  Jiangxi  Province  ( 江 西省廣東商會 );  and  the  legal  person  and  managing  director  of  Jiangxi  Zhongziyuan  Investment  Guarantee  Co., Ltd.  ( 江西省中資源投資擔保有限公司 ).

Mr. LIEW Swee Yean , aged 59, holds a Master's Degree in Business Administration (executive) issued from the City University of Hong Kong in 2002. He is a fellow of both The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He has been an independent non-executive director of Kaisun Holdings Limited (stock code: 8203) (a company listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange) since November 2006,  and  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Victory  City  International  Holdings  Limited  (stock  code: 0539)  (a  company  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange,  and  which  is  currently  under  liquidation, joint provisional liquidators were appointed on 23 April 2021.) since April 2021. He is currently also the financial controller  and  the  company  secretary  of  eBroker  Group  Limited  (stock  code:  8036)  (a  company  listed  on  GEM of  the  Stock  Exchange).  He  has  extensive  of  experience  in  the  finance  and  accounting  fields.

Ms.  WANG  Ying ,  aged  50,  graduated  from  Hunan  University  of  Finance  and  Economics  (formerly  known  as Hunan Finance and Economics College* ( 湖南財經專科學校 )  in  1991. Ms. Wang also holds a Bachelor's Degree in  Human  Resources  Management  issued  by  Peking  University  in  2004.  During  the  period  from  July  1991  to March 1999, Ms. Wang had worked in the finance department of Hunan Wood Based Panel Co., Ltd* ( 湖南人 造板股份有限公司 );  and  for  period  from April 1999 to June 2020, Ms. Wang had worked in Century Securities Co., Ltd* ( 世紀證券有限責任公司 ) (' Century Securities '). During Mr. Wang's employment in Century Securities, Ms.  Wang  had  held  different  positions,  including  vice  director  of  the  president's  office,  manager  of  human resources  department  and  director  of  operation  management  department.  Ms.  Wang  has  accumulated  years of  working experience in the fields of accounting, operation of securities business and corporate management.

## BIOGRAPHIES OF CURRENT DIRECTORS AND COMPANY SECRETARY

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms.  CHAN  Lok  Yin ,  aged  38,  joined  the  Company  on  1  October  2022.  She  holds  a  Bachelor's  Degree  of Accounting  issued  from  Edinburgh  Napier  University  in  United  Kingdom  in  2008.  She  is  an  associate  of  Hong Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  and  an  associate  of  The  Hong  Kong  Chartered  Governance Institute.  She  has  been  working  for  a  number  of  listed  companies  in  Hong  Kong  during  the  past  years,  taking the  positions  of  financial  controller  and/or  company  secretary.  Ms.  Chan  has  accumulated  over  10  years  of auditing, accounting, corporate governance and company secretarial experience. Ms. Chan also is currently the company secretary of AMCO United Holding Limited (Stock Code: 630) since January 2023.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The Board is pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the Year.

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

The Company was incorporated on 17 September 2014 in the Cayman Islands. The Company is domiciled in Hong Kong with current principal place of business at 12/F, Guangdong Finance Building, 88 Connaught Road West.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  Company  acts  as  an  investment  holding  company  and  its  sole  principal  operating  subsidiary  is  principally engaged  in  building  maintenance  and  renovation  service.  The  activities  of  the  Company's  subsidiaries  are  set out  in  Note  14  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The  results  of  the  Group  for  the  Year  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income on page 48 of this annual report.

The Board does not recommend any payment of a final dividend for the Year (2021: Nil).

## SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A  summary  of  the  results  and  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  for  the  last  five  financial  years  as  extracted from  the  audited  financial  statements  and  restated/reclassified  as  appropriate,  is  set  out  on  page  120  in  this annual report.  This  summary  does  not  form  part  of  the  audited  financial  statements.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

In conducting its business, the Group endeavours to protect the environment in which it operates and the Board is committed to sustainable development as its responsibility. The Group has established quality and environmental management systems and been certified under ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 for its building maintenance services. During  the  Year,  the  Group  do  not  aware  of  significant  non-compliance  with  the  Environmental  Protection Law  of  Hong  Kong.  Green  office  practices  are  also  encouraged  in  the  operation  of  the  Group's  businesses, such  as  deploying  energy  saving  lightings,  switching  off  idle  lightings,  computers  and  electrical  appliances  and equipment,  monitoring  water  consumption,  using  digital  technology  and  recycled  paper,  encouraging  the  use of  public  transport  and  using  telephone  or  video  conferencing  as  an  alternative  to  business  travel.  The  Group also  targets  to  reduce  greenhouse  gas  emissions,  increase  energy  use  efficiency  and  reduce  unnecessary  waste disposal  in  our  daily  business  operations.  A  detailed  discussion  on  the  Group's  environmental  policies  and performance  and  the  stakeholder  relationships  are  contained  in  the  'Environmental,  Social  and  Governance Report' issued  by  the  Company.

## COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group was not aware of any non-compliance with laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group for the year ended 30 June 2022.

## RESERVES AND DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Movements in the reserves  of  the  Group  during  the  Year  are  set  out  in  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in equity  on  page  51  of  this  annual  report.

Distributable  reserves  of  the  Company  as  at  30  June  2022  amounted  to  approximately  HK$9.6  million  (2021: HK$5.8 million).

## DONATIONS

During the Year,  the  Group  had  not  made  any  charitable  and  other  donations  (2021:  Nil).

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  the  movements  in  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  the  Group  are  set  out  in  Note  15  to  the consolidated  financial  statements.

## SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars  of  the  Company's  principal  subsidiaries  during  the  Year  are  set  out  in  Note  14  to  the  consolidated financial  statements.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## SHARE CAPITAL

The Company's total issued share capital as at 30 June 2022 was 5,594,000,000 ordinary Shares of HK$0.002 per  Share.

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the Year are set out in Note 24 to the notes to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and  there  was  no  restriction  against  such  rights  under  the  laws  of  Cayman  Islands,  which  would  oblige  the Company to offer new Share on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

No equity-linked  agreement  was  entered  into  by  the  Company  during  the  Year  or  subsisted  at  the  end  of  the Year.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Pursuant to the written resolutions of the sole shareholder of the Company on 18 December 2014, the Company adopted  a  share  option  scheme  (the  ' Scheme ')  to  attract  and  retain  high  quality  staff,  to  provide  additional incentive  to  employees  (full-time  or  part-time),  directors,  consultants  or  advisors,  distributors,  contractors, suppliers,  agents,  customers,  business  partners  or  service  providers  of  the  Group  and  to  promote  the  success of  the  business  of  the  Group.

The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to  be  exercised  under  the  Scheme  and  any  other  schemes  of  the  Company  must  not  exceed  30%  of  the  total number of Shares in issue from time to time. The total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Scheme is not permitted to exceed 10% of the Shares in issue at any point in time, without prior  approval  from  the  Shareholders.

The number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of which options granted and may be granted to any individual  in  any  one  year  is  not  permitted  to  exceed  1%  of  the  Shares  in  issue  at  any  point  in  time,  without prior approval from the Shareholders. Options granted to substantial shareholders or independent non-executive Directors  or  any  of  their  respective  close  associates  (including  a  discretionary  trust  whose  discretionary  objects include a substantial shareholders, independent non-executive Directors, or any of their respective close associates) in  any  12-month  period  in  excess  of  0.1%  of  the  Company's  share  capital  or  with  a  value  in  excess  of  HK$5 million  must  be  approved  in  advance  by  the  Shareholders.

Options  granted  must  be  taken  up  within  seven  days  inclusive  of  the  day  on  which  such  offer  was  made, upon  payment  of  HK$1  per  option.  Options  may  be  exercised  at  any  time  during  a  period  as  the  Directors may  determine  which  shall  not  exceed  ten  years  from  the  date  of  grant.  The  exercise  price  is  determined  by the Directors, and will be at least the higher of (i) the closing price of the Shares on the date of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii)

the  nominal  value  of  the  Share.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The  subscription  price  of  a  Share  in  respect  of  any  particular  option  granted  under  the  Scheme  shall  be  a price  solely  determined  by  the  Board  and  notified  to  a  participant  and  shall  be  at  least  the  higher  of:  (i)  the closing  price  of  the  Shares  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotations  sheet  on  the  date  of  grant  of the  option,  which  must  be  a  business  day;  (ii)  the  average  of  the  closing  prices  of  the  Shares  as  stated  in  the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant of the  option;  and  (iii)  the  nominal  value  of  a  Share  on  the  date  of  grant  of  the  option.

The Scheme will remain in force for a period of ten years commencing on the date on the adoption date (i.e. 18  December  2014)  and  shall  expire  at  the  close  of  business  on  the  business  day  immediately  preceding  the tenth  anniversary  thereof  unless  terminated  earlier  by  the  Shareholders  in  general  meeting.

The  total  number  of  shares  available  for  issue  under  the  Scheme  is  559,400,000  shares,  representing  10%  of the  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company  as  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report.

No share options were granted since the adoption of the Scheme and there are no outstanding share options at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.

## GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A  summary  of  the  results  and  of  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  for  the  last  five  financial  years  is  set out  on  page  120  of  this  annual  report.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

During the Year and up to the date of this annual report, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased,  sold  or  redeemed  any  of  the  listed  securities  of  the  Company.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS

The Directors  during  the  Year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report  were:

## Executive Directors

Ms. MA Huijun (Chairman)

Mr.  DAI  Jian

Mr.  DAI  Ming

(resigned  on  1  January  2023)

Mr.  LAI  Aizhong

Mr.  LUK  Chi  Shing

(appointed  on  12  April  2022  and  resigned  on  1  October  2022)

Mr.  WONG Ka Shing

(re-designated  as  an  executive  director  on  1  October  2022)

## Non-executive Director

Mr.  ZHANG Junze

(resigned  on  1  January  2023)

## Independent non-executive Directors

| Mr.  HUANG Shuhui  Mr.  LIEW  Swee  Yean  (appointed  on  1  October  2022)  Mr.  Ross  Yu  Limjoco  (resigned  on  12  October  2021)  Ms. SONG Dan  (resigned  on  29  July  2021)  Ms. WANG Ying  (appointed  on  29  July  2021)  Ms. WONG Carol Ka Low  (resigned  on  30  September  2021)  Mr.  WONG Ka Shing  (appointed on 12 October 2021 and re-designated as executive director on 1 October 2022)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant to articles 108(a) and 112 of the Company's articles of association, Ms. MA Huijun, Mr. DAI Jian, Mr. LAI  Aizhong  and  Mr.  HUANG  Shuhui  shall  retire  by  rotation  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting.  Mr. LIEW Swee Yean, Ms. WANG Ying and Mr. WONG Ka Shing, being directors appointed by the Board, will hold office  until  the  forthcoming  general  meeting.

The aforesaid  directors,  being  eligible,  have  offered  themselves  for  re-election.

The  Company  has  received,  from  each  of  the  current independent  non-executive  Directors, an  annual confirmation of his/her independence pursuant to the Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  LImited.  The  Company  considers  all  of  the  independent  non-executive Directors  to  be  independent.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

The  Company  has  entered  into  service  contracts  with  all  executive  Directors  for  a  term  of  three  years  which shall be continuing unless and until terminated by either party thereto giving to the other not less than one or three  month(s)  written  notice  (as  the  case  may  be)  served  by  either  party  on  the  other.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three year commencing from the date of the appointment and thereafter shall continue year to year, unless  terminated  by  not  less  than  one  month's  notice  in  writing  served  by  either  party  on  the  other.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  none  of  the  Directors  has  a  contract  of  service  with  the  Company  or  any  of  its subsidiaries  not  determinable  by  the  employing  company  within  one  year  without  payment  of  compensation (except  for  statutory  compensation).

## REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The  emoluments  of  the  Directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Group  are  determined  by  the  remuneration committee  of  the  Company  with  reference  to  their  relevant  qualifications,  experience,  competence  and  the prevailing market conditions. None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Year.

Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals during the Year are set out in Note 9  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No management contracts concerning the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered  into  or  existed  during  the  Year.

## CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS' AND DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

There  were  no  transactions,  arrangements  and  contracts  of  significance  in  relation  to  the  Group's  business  to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries  and  fellow  subsidiaries  was  a  party  and  in  which  a  Director  and the Director's connected party or a controlling shareholder had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted  at  the  end  of  the  Year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report  or  at  any  time  during  the  Year.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Other  than  those  disclosed  under  the  paragraphs  headed  'Share  Option  Scheme'  and  'Directors  and  Chief Executive's Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or any of its Associated Corporations' in this section, at no time during the Year there were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective close associates, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company, its holding company, or any of  its  subsidiaries  or  fellow  subsidiaries,  a  party  to  any  arrangement  whose  objectives  are  to  enable  a  Director to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition  of  Shares  in  or  debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  other  body corporate.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND COMPANY SECRETARY

Biographical  details  of  the  current  Directors  of  the  Company  and  Company  Secretary  as  at  the  date  of  this annual report  are  set  out  on  pages  11  to  13  of  this  annual  report.

## DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at 30 June 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of  Part  XV  of  the  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  (the  ' SFO ')  which  have  been  notified  to  the  Company and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  Divisions  7  and  8  of  the  SFO  (including  interest  or  short  positions  which they  had  taken  or  deemed  to  have  under  such  provisions  of  the  SFO),  or  as  recorded  in  the  register  required to  be  kept  by  the  Company  under  Section  352  of  the  SFO  or  as  otherwise  notified  to  the  Company  and  the Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  the  Model  Code  for  Securities  Transactions  by  Directors  of  Listed  Issuers  (' Model Code ')  contained  in  Appendix  10  of  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of Hong Kong Limited were as follows:

## Long position in the Shares

| Name of Director  Capacity/Nature  Number of  Shares held/  interested in  Total  Approximate  percentage  of  interest  (Note  3)  Mr.  DAI  Jian  Interest  of  a  controlled  corporation  (Note  1)  3,268,750,000  3,268,750,000  58.43%  Mr.  LAI  Aizhong  Interest  of  a  controlled  corporation  (Note  2)  11,680,000  Beneficial  owner  17,120,000  28,800,000  0.51%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. These  shares  are  held  by  Smart  Paradise  International  Limited  (' Smart  Paradise ').  Smart  Paradise  is  owned  as  to  100%  by Mr.  DAI  Jian  and  hence  Mr.  DAI  Jian  is  deemed  to  be  interested  in  the  3,268,750,000  shares  held  by  Smart  Paradise  under the  SFO.
2. These  shares  are  held  by  Shenzhen  Bosum  Asset  Management  Limited* 深圳市博商資產管理有限公司 (' Shenzhen  Bosum '). Shenzhen  Bosum  is  owned  as  to  51%  by  Mr.  LAI  Aizhong  and  hence  Mr.  LAI  Aizhong  is  deemed  to  be  interested  in  the 11,680,000 shares held by Shenzhen Bosum under the SFO.
3. The approximate percentages were calculated based on 5,594,000,000 shares in issue as at 30 June 2022.
4. Ms.  ZHAO  Li  is  the  spouse  of  Mr.  DAI  Jian.  Therefore,  Ms.  ZHAO  Li  is  deemed  to  be  interested  in  the  3,268,750,000  shares held  by  Smart  Paradise  under  the  SFO.

*

English  name  is  for  identification  only

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Save  as  disclosed  above  and  so  far  as  is  known  to  the  Directors,  as  at  30  June  2022,  none  of  the  Directors nor  the  chief  executives  of  the  Company  had  or  was  deemed  to  have  any  interests  or  short  positions  in  the shares,  underlying  shares  or  debentures  of  the  Company  or  its  associated  corporations  (within  the  meaning  of Part  XV  of  the  SFO),  which  were  required  (i)  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including any interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under  such  provisions  of  the  SFO);  or  (ii)  pursuant  to  Section  352  of  the  SFO,  to  be  entered in  the  register  referred  to  therein;  or  (iii)  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  under  the Model Code.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As  at  30  June  2022,  so  far  as  is  known  to  the  Directors,  the  following  entity  (not  being  a  Director  or  chief executive of the Company) have interest or short positions (directly or indirectly) in Shares or underlying Shares which  would  fall  to  be  disclosed  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  under  the  provision  of  Divisions  2 and 3 of Part  XV  of  the  SFO  or  which  would  be  required,  pursuant  to  Section  336  of  the  SFO,  to  be  entered in  the  register  of  the  Company  referred  to  therein:

| Name of shareholder  Capacity/Nature of interest  Number of  Shares held/  interested in  Approximate  percentage  of  interest  (Note)  Smart Paradise  Beneficial  owner  3,268,750,000  58.43%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  The  approximate  percentage  was  calculated  based  on  5,594,000,000  shares  in  issue  as  at  30  June  2022.

Save  as  disclosed  above  and  so  far  as  is  known  to  the  Directors,  as  at  30  June  2022,  the  Directors  were  not aware of any other entity which or person other than a Director and the chief executive of the Company who had, or was deemed to have an interest or a short position in the shares or the underlying shares or debentures of  the  Company which would be required to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register of the Company required  to  be  kept  under  Section  336  of  the  SFO.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## MAJOR SUBCONTRACTORS AND CUSTOMERS

During  the  Year,  the  largest  subcontractor  accounted  for  approximately  30.9%  (2021:  28.5%)  of  the  Group's total  costs  of  services  and  the  five  largest  subcontractors  accounted  for  approximately  77.5%  (2021:  72.5%) of the Group's total costs of services. The largest customer accounted for approximately 68.0% (2021: 67.2%) of the Group's total revenue and the five largest customers accounted for approximately 100% (2021: 99.8%) of  the  Group's  total  revenue.

To  the  best  of  the  Directors'  knowledge,  none  of  the  Directors,  or  any  Shareholders  (which  to  the  knowledge of  the  Directors  owns  more  than  5%  of  the  Company's  share  capital)  and  their  respective  close  associates  has any  interests  in  the  Group's  five  largest  subcontractors  and  customers.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details  of  the  significant  related  party  transactions  of  the  Group  are  set  out  in  Note  29  to  the  consolidated financial statements and are fully exempted from the reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders'  approval  requirements  under  chapter  14A  of  the  Listing  Rules.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Company  has  maintained  the  percentage  of  public  float  as  prescribed in  the  Listing  Rules  for  the  Year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review of the Group for the Year is included in the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis'  of  this  annual  report.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

None  of  the  Directors  or  their  respective  close  associates  is  or  was  interested  in  any  business  apart  from  the Group's  business  that  competes  or  competed  or  is  or  was  likely  to  compete,  either  directly  or  indirectly,  with the  Group's  business  at  any  time  during  the  Year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report.

## PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The principal risks and uncertainties of the Group are set out in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate governance practices. Information on the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 25 to 38 of this annual report.

## COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  compliance  with  regulatory  requirements  and  has  taken  efforts  to minimise  the  risks  of  non-compliance  with  such  requirements.  The  Group  has  on-going  review  on  the  newly enacted  laws  and  regulations  affecting  the  operations  of  the  Group.  The  Group  is  not  aware  of  any  material breach  on  non-compliance  with  the  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  business  and operations  of  the  Group.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

Information  on  the  dividend  policy  adopted  by  the  Company  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT' on page 37 in this annual report.

## TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of  the  Shares.  Intending  holders  and  investors  of  the  Company's  shares  are  recommended  to  consult  their professional advisers if they are in any doubt as to the taxation implications (including tax relief) of subscribing for,  purchasing,  holding,  disposing  of  or  dealing  in  shares.  It  is  emphasised  that  none  of  the  Company  or  its Directors or officers will accept any responsibility for any tax effect on, or liabilities of, holders of Shares in the Company resulting from their subscription  for,  purchase,  holding,  disposal  of  or  dealing  in  such  shares.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The  audit  committee  had  reviewed,  together  with  the  management  and  external  auditor,  the  accounting principles  and  policies  adopted  by  the  Group  and  the  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  Year.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## AUDITOR

The consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  audited  by  Linksfield  CPA  Limited  (' Linksfield ').

Linksfield  has  been  appointed  as  auditor  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  27  January  2021  to  fill  the  casual vacancy  following  the  resignation  of  the  Company's  former  auditor,  SHINEWING  (HK)  CPA  Limited  (' Former Auditor ').  Linksfield  will  retire  and,  being  eligible,  offer  itself  for  re-appointment  at  the  forthcoming  annual general meeting of the Company. A resolution for the re-appointment of Linksfield as auditor of the Company is  to  be  proposed  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting.

As  stated  in  the  announcement  of  the  Company  dated  27  January  2021,  the  Former  Auditor  had  resigned  as the  auditor  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  27  January  2021  as  the  Company  could  not  reach  a  consensus with  the  Former  Auditor  on  the  audit  fee  for  the  year  ending  30  June  2021.  The  Former  Auditor  stated  in  its letter of resignation that, having taken into account factors including the level of audit fees, it decided to tender its  resignation as the auditor of the Company. With the fact that the Former Auditor have not commenced the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ending 30 June 2021, and there are no circumstances connected with their resignation that they consider ought to be brought to  the  attention  of  holders  of  securities  or  creditors  of  the  Company.

Except  for  disclosed,  there  has  been  no  change  in  the  auditor  of  the  Company  for  the  preceding  three  years.

On behalf of the Board

## Ms. MA Huijun

Chairman

Hong Kong, 3 April 2023

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Board  of  Directors  (the  ' Board ')  and  the  management  of  China  Supply  Chain  Holdings  Limited  (the ' Company ')  are  committed  to  good  corporate  governance  and  the  application  of  the  principles  including transparency,  accountability  and  independence  to  achieve  sustainable  performance  of  the  Company  and enhance its  value  for  the  shareholders.  The  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (the  ' Group ')  also  recognise  that  a comprehensive  corporate  governance  management  structure  is  crucial  in  helping  the  Company  to  implement its  strategies  and  policies  effectively  and  consistently  throughout  the  Group,  and  safeguard  the  long-term interests  of  its  shareholders.  The  Group  has  also  continuously  reviewed  its  policies  and  procedures  to  ensure that  it  meets  the  requirements  of  the  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  industry  best  practices,  global  trends, and market expectations.

## CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The  Company  has  adopted  and  complied  with  code  provisions  (the  ' Code Provisions ')  as  set  out  under  the Corporate  Governance  Code  (the  ' CG Code ')  contained  in  Appendix  14  to  the  Listing  Rules.  During  the  year ended  30  June  2022  ( 'Year '  or  ' FY2022 ')  the  Company  has  complied  with  all  the  Code  Provisions  of  the CG Code, except as follows:

Code provision C.1.6 of the CG Code provides that generally independent non-executive directors and other nonexecutive directors should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the views of shareholders. Also, under the code provision F.2.2 of the CG Code, the chairman of the board, the chairmen of  the  audit,  remuneration,  nomination  committees  and  the  external  auditor  should  attend  the  annual  general meeting. As no general meeting had been held in the Year, the aforesaid requirements had not been fulfilled.

In  respect  of  code  provision  D.1.2  of  the  CG  Code,  the  Company  did  not  provide  all  members  of  the  Board with  monthly  updates.  However,  the  Company  had  based  on  business  situation,  provided  to  the  Board  from time  to  time,  updated  business  information  to  enable  the  Board  as  a  whole  and  each  Director  to  discharge their duties. The Company considered that this arrangement was sufficient for the Board to discharge its duties. Nonetheless,  the  Company  has  since  February  2023  complied  with  this  code  provision  by  providing  monthly updates to its  Board  members.

Save  as  disclosed,  in  the  opinion  of  the  Directors,  the  Company  was  in  compliance  with  all  the  relevant  code provisions  under  the  CG  Code  throughout  the  Year.

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the ' Model Code ') set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules regarding securities transactions for its Directors. After having made  specific  enquiries  through  current  board  members,  all  of  them  confirmed  that  they  have  complied  with the  required  standard  of  dealings  set  out  in  the  Model  Code  throughout  the  Year.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board oversees the Group's businesses, strategic decisions and performance and takes decisions objectively in the best interest of the Company. The Directors are responsible for ensuring the Group keeps proper accounting records  which  disclose  at  any  time  the  financial  position  of  the  Group  from  which  the  consoildated  financial statements  of  the  Group  could  be  prepared  in  accordance  with  statutory  requirements  and  the  appropriate accounting policies. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibilities for day-to-day management and operation of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company's affairs,  the  Board  has  established  three  Board  committees  including  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. The Board has delegated to the Board committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference. All Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to perform  their  duties.  The  Board  regularly  reviews  the  contribution  required  from  a  Director  to  perform  his/her responsibilities  to  the  Company,  and  whether  the  Director  is  spending  sufficient  time  performing  them.

## Board Diversity Policy

The Board has adopted the board diversity policy with a view to achieve a sustainable and balanced development of  the  Group.  In  designing  the  Board's  composition,  board  diversity  has  been  considered  from  a  number  of aspects,  including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  ethnicity,  professional experience,  skills,  knowledge  and  length  of  service.  All  Board  appointments  will  be  based  on  meritocracy,  and candidates  will  be  considered  against  objective  criteria,  having  due  regard  for  the  benefits  of  diversity  on  the Board.  This  diversity  policy  is  reviewed  annually  by  the  nomination  committee  of  the  Company,  and  where appropriate,  revisions  will  be  made  with  the  approval  from  the  Board.

## Board Composition

As  at  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Board  comprises  seven  Directors,  consisting  of  4  executive  Directors,  and  3 independent non-executive Directors.

The Directors  during  the  FY2022  were:

## Executive Directors

| Ms. MA Huijun (Chairman)  Mr.  DAI  Jian  Mr.  DAI  Ming  Mr.  LAI  Aizhong  Mr.  LUK  Chi  Shing  (appointed  on  12  April  2022)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Non-executive Directors

Mr.  ZHANG Junze

## Independent non-executive Directors

| Mr.  HUANG Shuhui  Mr.  Ross  Yu  Limjoco  (resigned  on  12  October  2021)  Ms. SONG Dan  (resigned  on  29  July  2021)  Ms. WANG Ying  (appointed  on  29  July  2021)  Ms. WONG Carol Ka Low  (resigned  on  30  September  2021)  Mr.  WONG Ka Shing  (appointed  on  12  October  2021)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as Mr. DAI Ming, who is an elder cousin of Mr. DAI Jian, the Directors have no financial, business, family or  other  material  or  relevant  relationship  with  each  other.

Composition  of  the  Board  has  met  the  recommended  practice  under  the  CG  Code  for  the  Board  to  have  at least  one-third  of  its  members  comprising  independent  non-executive  Directors.

The biographical information of the Directors is set out on pages 11 to 13 under the section headed 'Biographies of  Current  Directors  and  Company  Secretary'.

The  Company  is  also  committed  to  following  the  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  (' ESG ')  Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules. The Company's annual ESG Report is made available for public  on  company's  websites.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Under  Code  Provisions  A.2.1  of  the  CG  Code,  the  roles  of  chairman  and  chief  executive  should  be  separate and should not be performed by the same individual. In FY2022, Ms. MA Huijun served as the chairman of the Board whereas Mr. DAI Jian served as chief executive officer  of  the  Company.

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

For FY2022, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board with one of whom possessing  appropriate  professional  qualifications  or  accounting  or  related  financial  management  expertise. The  Company  has  received  written  annual  confirmation  from  each  of  the  current  independent  non-executive Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board has assessed their independence and concluded that  they  are  independent.

## Term of Appointment of Non-executive Directors

Each  of  the  non-executive  Director  and  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  has  entered  into  a  letter  of appointment  with  the  Company  for  an  initial  term  of  three  years  commencing  throughout  the  year  ended  30 June 2022 (subject to termination in certain circumstances as stipulated in the relevant letter  of  appointment). Each  of  such  appointment  is  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  and  re-election  at  annual  general  meetings  of the  Company pursuant to the articles  of  association  of  the  Company  (' Articles ').

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIRECTORS' CONTINUOUS TRAINING AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Pursuant  to  the  CG  Code,  every  newly  appointed  Director  is  provided  with  a  comprehensive  induction  and information to ensure that he has a proper understanding of the Company's operations and businesses as well as  his  responsibilities  under  the  relevant  statutes,  laws,  rules  and  regulations.

Development and training of Directors is an ongoing process so that they can perform their duties appropriately. During the FY2022, all Directors were provided with regular updates on the Company's performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties. In addition, all Directors are  encouraged  to  participate  in  continuous  professional  development  to  develop  and  refresh  their  knowledge and skills to ensure that they continue to make contribution to the Board in an informed and relevant manner. The  Company  updates  Directors  on  the  latest  development  regarding  the  Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable regulatory requirements from time to time, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance  practices.  The  Directors  are  required  to  provide  the  Company  with  details  of  the  training  records. The Directors  received  the  following  training  during  the  FY2022:

| Name of Directors  Type of training  Reading and/or  on-line  training  Seminars and/or  workshops  Executive Directors  Ms. MA Huijun  √  N/A  Mr.  DAI  Jian  √  N/A  Mr.  DAI  Ming  √  N/A  Mr.  LAI  Aizhong  √  N/A  Mr.  LUK  Chi  Shing  (appointed  on  12  April  2022)  √  √  Non-executive Director  Mr.  Zhang  Junze  √  N/A  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr.  Huang Shuhui  √  N/A  Mr.  Ross  Yu  Limjoco  (resigned  on  12  October  2021)  Note  Note  Ms. Song Dan (resigned on 29 July 2021)  N/A  N/A  Ms. WANG Ying (appointed on 29 July 2021)  √  N/A  Ms. WONG Carol Ka Low (resigned on 30 September 2021)  Note  Note  Mr.  WONG Ka Shing (appointed on 12 October 2021)  √  √   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: As  the  Company  has  not  received  the  necessary  confirmation,  the  Board  cannot  make  any  representation  on  this  matter.

√

-

represents  training  with  records.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIRECTORS' ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS

Regular  Board  meetings  are  scheduled  at  least  four  times  per  year.  Additional  meetings  would  be  arranged  if and when required. Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of communications. Minutes of the Board and committee meetings are prepared and kept by the Company Secretary, and are open for  inspection  by  Directors  upon  request.  All  Directors  have  access  to  the  advice  and  services  of  the  Company Secretary,  and  are  allowed  to  seek  external  professional  advice  if  needed.  The  management  is  committed  to provide  the  Board  with  appropriate  and  sufficient  explanation  and  information  of  the  Group's  affairs  through financial  reports  and  business  and  operational  reports  in  a  timely  manner,  to  enable  them  to  make  informed decisions. The Directors are also provided with access to the Group's management and the Company Secretary at  all  times  to  obtain  relevant  information  for  carrying  out  their  duties  as  Directors.

Set out below are the attendance records of all the Directors at the Company's board meetings, board committee meetings and general meetings held during FY2022:

| Board  Meeting  Audit  Committee  Meeting  Remuneration  Committee  Meeting  Nomination  Committee  Meeting  General  Meeting  (Note)  Executive Directors:  Ms. MA Huijun  7/7  N/A  N/A  2/2  0/0  Mr.  DAI  Jian  7/7  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/0  Mr.  DAI  Ming  6/7  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/0  Mr.  LAI  Aizhong  7/7  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/0  Mr.  LUK  Chi  Shing  (appointed  on  12  April  2022)  0/1  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/0  Non-executive Director:  Mr.  ZHANG Junze  6/7  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/0  Independent Non-executive  Directors:  Mr.  HUANG Shuhui  5/7  0/0  2/2  N/A  0/0  Mr.  Ross  Yu  Limjoco  (resigned  on  12  October  2021)  0/2  0/0  N/A  0/0  0/0  Ms. SONG Dan  (resigned  on  29  July  2021)  0/1  0/0  0/0  N/A  0/0  Ms. WANG Ying  (appointed  on  29  July  2021)  5/6  0/0  2/2  2/2  0/0  Ms. WONG Carol Ka Low  (resigned  on  30  September  2021)  0/1  0/0  0/0  N/A  0/0  Mr.  WONG Ka Shing  (appointed  on  12  October  2021)  3/4  0/0  1/1  1/1  0/0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Due    to  delay  in  completion  of  the  audit  of  the  annual  results  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  30  June  2021,  no  general meeting of the Company had been held during the FY2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## APPOINTMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

The Board adopted a nomination policy (the ' Nomination Policy ')  which sets out the procedures and criteria to  be  used  by  the  Nomination  Committee for the selection, appointment and re-appointment of directors. The Nomination Committee has from time to time identified individuals suitably qualified to become Board members, having  due  regard  to  the  Nomination  Policy  and  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  and  make  recommendations  to  the Board. The main consideration in selecting candidates for directorships is whether their characters, qualifications and experiences are appropriate for the businesses of the Group. All of the Directors have entered into service contracts  with  the  Company  for  a  term  of  three  years  which  shall  be  continuing  unless  and  until  terminated by  either  party  thereto  giving  to  the  other  not  less  than  six  months  written  notice,  except  for  mutually  agree between both parties.

In  accordance  with  Article  108(a)  of  the  Articles,  at  each  annual  general  meeting,  at  least  one-third  of  the Directors  for  the  time  being  (or,  if  their  number  is  not  a  multiple  of  three  (3),  the  number  nearest  to  but  not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at  an  annual  general  meeting  at  least  once  every  three  years.

Any general meeting of the Company may authorise the Board to fill any vacancy in their number left unfilled at  a  general  meeting  of  the  Company.  The  Directors  shall  have  the  power  from  time  to  time  and  at  any  time to  appoint  any  person  as  a  Director  either  to  fill  a  casual  vacancy  on  Board  or,  as  an  addition  to  the  existing Board  but  so  that  the  number  of  Directors  so  appointed  shall  not  exceed  any  maximum  number  determined from time to time by the Shareholders in general meeting. In accordance with Article 112 of the Articles,  any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting of the  Company after  his  appointment  and  be  subject  to  re-election  at  such  meeting.  Any  Director  appointed  by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next annual general meeting and shall  then  be  eligible  for  re-election.

In addition, pursuant to Article 114 of the Articles, the Company may by ordinary resolution remove any Director before  the  expiration  of  his  term  of  office  (but  without  prejudice  to  any  claim  which  such  Director  may  have for  damages  for  any  breach  of  any  contract  between  him  and  the  Company)  and  may  by  ordinary  resolution elect  another  person  in  his  stead.  Any  person  so  elected  shall  hold  office  only  until  the  next  general  meeting of  the  Company  and  shall  then  be  eligible  for  re-election.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The  Board  has  established  three  committees,  namely,  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Nomination  Committee  and the Remuneration Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company's affairs. All Board committees of  the  Company  are  established  with  defined  written  terms  of  reference.  The  terms  of  reference  of  the  Board committees are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange and are available to Shareholders upon request.

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee was established on 17 December 2014 in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules with  written  terms  of  reference  in  compliance  with  the  CG  Code.

During the FY2022, members of the Audit Committee were as follows:

| Mr.  Huang Shu Hui  (appointed  on  29  July  2021)  Mr.  Ross  Yu  Limjoco  (Note)  (resigned  on  12  October  2021)  Ms. SONG Dan  (resigned  on  29  July  2021)  Ms. WANG Ying  (appointed  on  29  July  2021)  Ms. WONG Ka Low Carol  (resigned  on  29  July  2021)  Mr.  WONG Ka Shing (Note)  (appointed  on  12  October  2021)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Mr. Ross Yu Limjoco was the chairman of the Audit Committee until he was replaced by Mr. WONG Ka Shing on 12 October 2021.

The  principal  duties  of  the  Audit  Committee  include  monitoring  the  integrity  of  the  consolidated  financial statements  of  the  Group,  reviewing  the  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  internal  control  (including  the  adequacy of  resources,  qualifications  and  experience  of  staff  of  the  Group's  accounting  and  financial  reporting  function, and  their  training  programmes  and  budget)  and  risk  management  as  delegated  by  the  Board,  and  making recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment,  reappointment  and/or  removal  of  the  external  auditor for  the  audit  and  non-audit  services.  The  Audit  Committee  is  provided  with  sufficient  resources  enabling  it  to discharge  its  duties.

This annual report has been reviewed by the current Audit Committee. During the FY2022, no Audit Committee's meeting had been held due to delay in completion of the audit of the Company's results for the FY2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee was established on 17 December 2014 with written terms of reference in compliance with  the  paragraph  B3  of  the  CG  Code.

During the FY2022, members of the Nomination Committee were as follows:

| Ms. MA Huijun (Note)  Mr.  Ross  Yu  Limjoco  (ceased  on  28  February  2021)  Ms. WONG Carol Ka Low  (ceased  on  28  February  2021)  Ms. WANG Ying  (appointed  on  29  July  2021)  Mr.  WONG Ka Shing  (appointed  on  29  July  2021)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Ms. MA Huijun was the chairman of the Nomination Committee in the FY2022.

The principal  responsibilities  of  the  Nomination  Committee  include:

- -assisting  the  Board  in  discharging  its  responsibilities  relating  to  the  composition  of  the  Board;
- -evaluating  the  balance  of  skills,  knowledge,  experience  and  diversity  on  the  Board;
- -evaluating  the  size,  structure  and  composition  of  the  Board;  and
- -evaluating  the  retirements  and  appointments  of  additional  and  replacement  Directors  and  making appropriate  recommendations to the Board on such matters.

During  the  Year,  2  meetings  of  the  Nomination  Committee  were  held  (i)  to  review  the  structure,  size  and composition  of  the  Board;  (ii)  to  assess  the  independence  of  the  INEDs;  (iii)  to  make  recommendation  to  the Board  on  the  proposal  of  re-appointment  of  Directors;  and  (iv)  to  make  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the proposal of appointment of Directors. Subsequent to the Year and up to the date of this annual report, a meeting of  the  Nomination  Committee  was  held  on  30  September  2020  to  review  the  structure,  size  and  composition (including  the  skills,  knowledge,  experience  and  diversity)  of  the  Board  and  the  board  diversity  policy,  assess the  independence  of  the  INEDs  and  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  proposal  of  re-appointment of  Directors  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting.

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee was established on 17 December 2014 in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules  with  written  terms  of  reference  in  compliance  with  the  CG  Code.

During the FY2022, members of the Remuneration Committee were as follows:

| Mr.  HUANG Shu Hui (Note)  (appointed  on  29  July  2021)  Mr.  Ross  Yu  Limjoco  (Note)  (ceased  on  2  October  2021)  Ms. SONG Dan  (ceased  on  29  July  2021)  Ms. WONG Carol Ka Low  (ceased  on  28  February  2021)  Ms. WANG Ying  (appointed  on  29  July  2021)  Mr.  WONG Ka Shing  (appointed  on  2  October  2021)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Mr.  Ross  Yu  Limjoco  was  the  chairman  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  until  he  was  replaced  by  Mr.  HUANG  Shu  Hui  on 12 October 2021.

The principal  responsibilities  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  include:

- -making recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy on executive Director's remuneration;
- -determining,  the  individual  remuneration  and  benefits  package  of  each  of  the  executive  Directors;  and
- -recommending and monitoring the remuneration of senior management below Board level.

During  the  Year,  2  meetings  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  were  held  (i)  to  review  the  remuneration  of the  Directors  and  senior  management  and  (ii)  to  make  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the  proposal  of  the remuneration package for appointment of directors.

Details of the Directors' remuneration are set out in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. During the Year.  The  remuneration  of  the  members  of  the  senior  management  excluding  Directors  of  the  Group  by  band for  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  is  set  out  below:

| Number of individuals  2022  2021  ## HK$1 to HK$1,000,000  5  3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  remuneration  for  the  Directors  comprises  Directors'  fee,  salaries,  allowances  and  benefits,  discretionary bonuses and retirement scheme contributions. Salary adjustments are made where the Remuneration Committee takes  into  account  performance,  contribution  and  responsibilities  of  the  individual.  Apart  from  basic  salary, executive Directors and senior management of the Group are eligible to receive a discretionary bonus taking into account factors  such  as  market  conditions  as  well  as  corporate  and  individual's  performance  during  the  year.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

It  is  the  responsibility  of  the  Board  to  determine  the  appropriate  corporate  governance  practices  applicable  to the  Company's  circumstances  and  to  ensure  processes  and  procedures  are  in  place  to  achieve  the  Company's corporate  governance  objectives.  The  duties  of  the  Board  in  performing  its  corporate  governance  functions under the CG Code include:

- to  develop  and  review  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  corporate  governance  and  make recommendations to the Board;
- to  review  and  monitor  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  Directors  and  senior management of the Company;
- to  review  and  monitor  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory requirements;
- to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and Directors;  and
- to  review  the  Company's  compliance  with  the  CG  Code  and  disclosure  in  the  Corporate  Governance Report.

The  Board  is  responsible  for  performing  the  corporate  governance  functions  set  out  in  the  Code  Provision D.3.1  of  the  CG  Code.  As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Board  has  reviewed  and  monitored  (i)  the Company's  corporate  governance  policies  and  practices;  (ii)  training  and  continuous  professional  development of  Directors  and  senior  management;  (iii)  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and regulatory  requirements;  (iv)  the  Company's  code  of  conduct;  and  (v)  the  Company's  compliance  with  the  CG Code disclosure  requirements.

## AUDITORS' REMUNERATION

The Audit Committee is responsible for considering the appointment and re-election of the Company's external auditor  and  reviewing  any  non-audit  functions  performed  by  the  external  auditor.  For  the  FY2022,  the  Group engaged  Linksfield  CPA  Limited  (appointed  on  27  January  2021)  as  the  Group's  external  auditor  and  the remuneration paid and payable to Linksfield  CPA  Limited  is  set  out  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Audit  services  1,411  1,088  Non-audit services  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board acknowledges that it is its duty to monitor the risk management and internal control systems of the Group on an ongoing basis and review their effectiveness. The Group has established guidelines and procedures for  the  approval  and  control  of  expenditures,  to  ensure  the  reliability  of  the  financial  reporting,  effectiveness and  efficiency  of  operation  and  the  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations.  Whilst  these  guidelines and procedures are designed to identify and manage risks that could adversely impact the achievement of the Group's business objectives, they do not provide absolute assurance against material mis-statement, errors, losses, fraud  or  non-compliance.  The  Board,  through  the  Audit  Committee,  has  conducted  a  review  of  effectiveness on both design and implementation of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the FY  2022,  covering  all  material  controls,  including  financial,  operational  and  compliance  controls.  Such  review will  be  made at least annually to monitor the adequacy and the effectiveness of the risk management and the internal control system of the Group. In this respect, the Audit Committee communicates any material issues to the Board. Although the Company does not have internal audit function, the Board has put in place adequate measures to perform the internal audit function at different aspects of the Group. Subsequent to the FY2022, the  Group  engaged  the  an  expert  to  review  the  effectiveness  and  efficiency  of  the  Group's  risk  management and  internal  control  systems  in  relation  to  the  financial,  operational  and  compliance  controls,  and  the  results and  recommendations  of  the  expert  were  summarised  and  reported  to  the  Audit  Committee  and  the  Board. Recommendations as recommended by the an expert have been adopted by the Board. Based on the result of the  follow-up  review  of  the  expert,  the  Board  considered  the  internal  control  and  risk  management  systems effective  and  adequate.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

During the FY2022, Mr. LUK Chi Shing was the Company Secretary until he resigned and was replaced by Ms. Chan  Lok  Yin  on  1  October  2022.  The  Company  had  received  the  necessary  confirmation  from  each  of  Ms. Luk and Ms. Chan that they had undertaken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the FY2022 pursuant to Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The  Company  considers  that  effective  communication  with  Shareholders  and  potential  investors  is  essential for  enhancing  investor  relations  and  understanding  of  the  Group's  business,  performance  and  strategies. The  Company  has  adopted  the  shareholders'  communication  policy  with  the  objective  of  ensuring  that  the Shareholders  and  potential  investors  are  provided  with  ready,  equal  and  timely  access  to  balanced  and understandable information about the Company (including the financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material development, governance and risk profile). The Company also recognises the importance of timely and non-selective  disclosure  of  information,  which  will  enable  Shareholders  and  potential  investors  to  make  the informed  investment  decisions.  To  promote  effective  communication,  the  Company  maintains  the  website  at https://chsc.com.hk,  where  up-to-date  information  on  the  Company's  business  operations  and  developments, financial  information,  corporate  governance  practices  and  other  information  are  available  for  public  access. Latest  information  on  the  Group  including  annual  and  interim  reports,  announcements  and  other  corporate communications will be updated on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company's website  in  a  timely  fashion.

The  Company  shall  convene  its  annual  general  meeting  in  an  as  soon  as  possible  manner.  The  notice  of  the annual  general  meeting,  setting  out  details  of  the  proposed  resolutions,  voting  procedures  and  other  relevant information,  will  be  sent  to  Shareholders  at  least  21  days  prior  to  the  meeting.

## DIRECTORS' AND AUDITORS' RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge and understand their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements of  the  Group and to ensure that the consolidated financial statements of the Group are prepared in a manner which  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  state  of  affairs  of  the  Group  on  a  going  concern  basis  and  are  in compliance  with  the  relevant  accounting  standards  and  principles,  applicable  laws  and  disclosure  provisions required  of  the  Listing  Rules.  The  Directors  are  of  the  view  that  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the Group for the year ended 30 June 2022 has been prepared on this basis. The Directors were not aware of any material  uncertainties  relating  to  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast  significant  doubt  upon  the  Group's  ability to  continue  as  a  going  concern.

The  statements  by  external  auditor,  Linksfield  CPA  Limited  (appointed  on  27  January  2021),  about  their reporting responsibility on the consolidated financial statements of the Group are set out in the section headed 'INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT' in this annual report.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The  Board  has  adopted  a  dividend  policy  (the  'Dividend  Policy')  during  the  Year.  The  Board  is  committed  to maintaining sufficient resources and flexibility to meet the Company's financial and operational requirements. At the same time, the Board continually seeks ways to enhance shareholders' value to ensure sustainable long-term yields  for  shareholders.  The  dividend  payout ratio shall be determined or recommended, as appropriate, by the Board at its  absolute  discretion  after  taking  into  account  the  Company's  financial  results,  future  prospects  and other  factors,  and  subject  to:

- -the  Articles;
- -the  applicable  restrictions  and  requirements  under  the  laws  of  the  Cayman  Islands;
- -any  banking  or  other  funding  covenants  by  which  the  Company  is  bound  from  time  to  time;
- -the  investments  and  operating  requirements  of  the  Company;  and
- -any  other  factors  that  have  material  impact  on  the  Company.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS PROCEDURES FOR CONVENING GENERAL MEETINGS BY SHAREHOLDERS

The general meeting of the Company provides an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the Board. Pursuant to Article 64 of the Articles, the Board may, whenever it thinks fit, convene an extraordinary general  meeting.  Extraordinary  general  meetings  shall  also  be  convened  on  the  requisition  of  one  or  more Shareholders  holding,  at  the  date  of  deposit  of  the  requisition,  not  less  than  one  tenth  of  the  paid  up  capital of  the  Company  having  the  right  of  voting  at  general  meetings.  Such  requisition  shall  be  made  in  writing  to the Board or the Company Secretary by post at 12/F, Guangdong Finance Building, 88 Connaught Road West, Hong  Kong  for  the  purpose  of  requiring  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  to  be  called  by  the  Board  for  the transaction  of  any  business  specified  in  such  requisition.  Such  meeting  shall  be  held  within  two  months  after the  deposit  of  such  requisition.  If  within  21  days  of  such  deposit,  the  Board  fails  to  proceed  to  convene  such meeting,  the  requisitionist(s)  himself  (themselves)  may  do  so  in  the  same  manner,  and  all  reasonable  expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by  the  Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## PROCEDURES FOR PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING

Shareholders are requested to follow Article 64 of the Articles for putting forward a resolution at an extraordinary general  meeting.  The  requirements  and  procedures  are  set  out  above  in  the  section  headed  'Procedures  for Convening  General  Meetings  by  Shareholders'  in  this  annual  report.  Pursuant  to  Article  113  of  the  Articles, no  person,  other  than  a  retiring  Director,  shall,  unless  recommended  by  the  Board  for  election,  be  eligible  for election  to  the  office  of  Director  at  any  general  meeting,  unless  notice  in  writing  of  the  intention  to  propose that person for election as a Director and notice in writing by that person of his willingness to be elected shall have been lodged at the Company's principal place of business or branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong. The period for lodgment of the notices required under Article 113 will commence no earlier than the  day  after  the  despatch  of  the  notice  of  the  general  meeting  appointed  for  such  election  and  end  no  later than seven days prior to the date of such general meeting and the minimum length of the period during which such  notices  to  the  Company  may  be  given  will  be  at  least  seven  days.

## INFORMATION DISCLOSURE

The  Company  discloses  information  in  compliance  with  the  securities  regulations  of  the  Stock  Exchange,  and publishes  periodic  reports  and  announcements  to  the  public  in  accordance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations. Our  primary  focus  is  to  ensure  information  disclosure  is  timely,  fair,  accurate,  truthful  and  complete,  thereby enabling  Shareholders,  investors  as  well  as  the  public,  to  make  rational  and  informed  decisions.

## SHAREHOLDERS' ENQUIRIES

For  matters  in  relation  to  the  Board,  Shareholders  may  send  their  enquiries  and  concerns  to  the  Board  by addressing  them  to  the  Company  Secretary  or  relevant  personnel  by  post  to  the  Company's  principal  place  of business in Hong Kong at 12/F, Guangdong Finance Building, 88 Connaught Road West, Hong Kong. For share registration  related  matters,  such  as  share  transfer  and  registration,  change  of  name  or  address,  loss  of  share certificates  or  dividends  warrants,  the  registered  Shareholders  can  contact  branch  share  registrar  and  transfer office  in  Hong  Kong:  Union  Registrars  Ltd.  at  Suites  3301-04,  33/F,  Two  Chinachem  Exchange  Square,  338 King's  Road,  North  Point,  Hong  Kong  Tel:  (852)  2849  3399.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

The  Company  adopted  the  Articles,  a  copy  of  which  has  been  posted  on  the  websites  of  the  Stock  Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk)  and  the  Company  (https://chsc.com.hk).  There  had  been  no  change  in  the  Company's constitutional  documents  during  the  FY2022.

<!-- image -->

## AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CHINA SUPPLY CHAIN HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  with  limited  liability)

## OPINION

## What we have audited

The  consolidated  financial  statements  of  China  Supply  Chain  Holdings  Limited  (the  'Company')  and  its subsidiaries  (the  'Group')  set  out  on  pages  48  to  119,  which  comprise:

- the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  30  June  2022;
- the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  for  the  year  then  ended;
- the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  for  the  year  then  ended;
- the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended;  and
- the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other explanatory  information.

## Our opinion

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  consolidated  financial position  of  the  Group  as  at  30  June  2022,  and  of  its  consolidated  financial  performance  and  its  consolidated cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards  ('HKFRSs') issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (the  'HKICPA')  and  have  been  properly prepared in  compliance  with  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our  responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further  described  in  the  Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit of  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  section  of  our  report.

We believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our opinion.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants ('the  Code'),  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other  ethical  responsibilities  in  accordance  with  the  Code.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of  the  consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not  provide  a  separate  opinion  on  these  matters.

Key audit  matters  identified  in  our  audit  are  summarised  as  follows:

- -revenue recognition for provision of building maintenance services and renovation services and recognition of  contract  assets;
- -impairment for trade  receivable  and  contract  assets;  and
- -impairment for deposit  and  other  receivables,  loan  and  interest  receivable  and  consideration  receivable

## Key Audit Matters

Revenue recognition for provision of building maintenance  services  and  renovation  services  and recognition  of  contract  assets

Refer  to  Note  2.20,  Note  2.21,  Note  4(a)  and  Note 6  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  the  Group's revenue  as  recognised  from  provision  of  building maintenance services and renovation services amounted  to  approximately  HK$297,564,000  and the  Group's  contract  assets  as  arisen  from  provision of building maintenance service and renovation services  amounted  to  approximately  HK$59,325,000 as  at  30  June  2022.

Revenue  from  provision of building  maintenance services  and  renovation  services  are  recognised  over time by measuring the progress towards completion of the Group's performance obligations as set out in respective  contracts.

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matters

We  performed  the  following  procedures  to  address the  key  audit  matter:

- Understood management's internal control on  the  revenue  recognition  for  provision  of building  maintenance  services  and  renovation services and recognition of contract assets and  assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement  by  considering  the  degree  of estimation  uncertainty  and  other  inherent  risk factors;
- Evaluated  and  tested,  on  a  sample  basis,  the key controls over the revenue recognition from provision of building maintenance services and renovation services and recognition of contract assets;

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## Key Audit Matters

Revenue recognition for provision of building maintenance  services  and  renovation  services  and recognition  of  contract  assets  (Continued)

The Group has used the output method to estimate the progress of each performance obligation satisfied over  time  by  reference  to  the  value  of  construction works  completed  to  date  (as  certified  by  external architects, surveyors or other representatives as appointed  by  customers  (collectively  the  'External Technicians')  as  a  proportion  of  the  total  contract value  of  the  relevant  construction  contracts.

Contract assets arise when the Group has performed certain  construction  works  but  the  Group's  right  to consideration  is  not  yet  unconditional,  based  on factors  other  than  passage  of  time.

The  determination  of  the  estimated  value  of  the construction  works  completed  to  date  for  different projects involved significant management's judgment and  estimate  which  may  have  significant  impact  on the  amount  and  timing  of  revenue  recognised.

We focused on this  area  because  the  magnitude  of revenue  as  recognised  from  provision  of  building maintenance services and renovation services during the  year  and  the  contract  assets  as  at  the  end  of reporting period are significant and determining the  value  of  the  construction  works  completed  and contract assets to date for the purpose of recognising revenue  from  provision  of  construction  works  over time  involved  significant  management's  judgment and estimate.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matters

- Reviewed, on a sample basis, the key terms and conditions  of  material  construction  contracts;
- Checked,  on  a  sample  basis,  the  value  of  the certified construction works completed to date for  different  projects  as  used  in  determining the amounts of revenue recognised for certified construction works against the amounts as set out  in  the  underlying  supporting  certificates issued  by  the  External  Technicians;  and
- Discussed with management and project managers to understand the extent of completion of the construction works of different  projects  in  progress.

Based on the procedures performed, we found that the judgment and estimate adopted by management in the accounting for revenue recognition for provision of building maintenance  services and renovation services and  recognition of contract assets  were supportable  by  available  evidence.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## Key Audit Matters

Impairment for trade receivables and contract assets

Refer to Note 2.10.4, Note 4(b) and Note 17 to the consolidated  financial  statements.

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Group  had  gross  trade receivables and contract assets of approximately HK$60,456,000 and HK$59,663,000, respectively and, the provision for impairment of trade receivables and  contract  assets  of  approximately  HK$957,000 and  HK$338,000,  respectively. Provision is  made for  lifetime  expected  credit  losses  (' ECL ')  on  trade receivables  and  contract  assets.

The Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9 to measure the ECL of trade receivables and contract assets. Trade receivables and contract assets are  assessed  individually  for  debtors  with  material carrying  amount  or  known  financial  difficulties  or significant doubt on collection of receivables. ECL are also estimated collectively by grouping the remaining debtors  based  on  shared  credit  risk  characteristics by  reference  to  the  nature  and  size  of  debtors, and applying ECL rates to the respective gross carrying amount of the trade receivables and contract assets. The ECL rates are based on estimation about  risk  of  default,  the  corresponding  historical credit  loss  experience,  ageing  of  overdue  receivable, and  adjusted  to  reflect  current  and  forward-looking information such as macroeconomic factors affecting the  ability  of  the  debtors  to  settle  the  receivables.

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matters

We  performed  the  following  procedures  to  address the  key  audit  matter:

- Understood,  evaluated and  validated, on a sample  basis,  the  key  control  procedures  over the management's estimation of ECL allowance and periodic review of aged receivables and  assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement  by  considering  the  degree  of estimation uncertainty and level of other inherent risk factors associated with estimating the  ECL;
- Obtained management's assessment on the ECL allowance of receivables. We corroborated and validated,  on  a  sample  basis,  management's assessment based on the correspondence with  the  customers,  evidence  from  external sources including the relevant market research regarding the relevant forward-looking information such  as  macroeconomic  factors used in  management's assessment;
- Challenged  management's  estimation  of  the risk  of  default  and  ECL  rate  referencing  to the  debtors'  credit  information  including  their financial positions and ability of repayment and collaborated  management's  explanations  with publicly  available  information  and  supporting evidence;  and

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## Key Audit Matters

Impairment for trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

We  focused  on  this  area  due  to  the  magnitude  of the  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  and  the estimation  and  judgment  involved  in  determining the ECL allowance of the gross trade receivables and contract  assets.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matters

- Tested,  on  a  sample  basis,  the  accuracy  of information  used  by  management  to  develop the credit rating, including aging analysis of  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets,  by checking  to  the  relevant  sales  invoices  and certified  construction  progress  report;
- Considered the competency, capability and objectivity of the independent, professional and qualified valuer by considering its qualification, relevant  experience  and  relationship  with  the Group;
- Involved our internal valuation expert to develop an auditor's point estimate in assessing the  ECL  allowance  including  forward-looking information;  and
- Tested,  on  a  sample  basis,  the  subsequent settlement  of  trade  receivables  and  contract assets  against  bank  receipts.

Based upon the above, we found that the estimation and  judgment  made  by  management  in  respect  of the  ECL  allowance  and  the  collectability  of  trade receivables  and  contract  assets  were  supportable  by the  available  evidence.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## Key Audit Matters

Impairment  for  deposits  and  other  receivables,  loan and  interest  receivable  and  consideration  receivable ('Receivables')

Refer  to  Note  2.10.4,  Note  4(c),  Note  17,  Note  18 and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.

As at 30 June 2022, the Group had gross deposits  and  other  receivables,  loan  and  interest receivable and consideration receivable of approximately  HK$25,506,000,  HK$11,801,000  and HK$10,510,000,  respectively  and,  the  provision  for impairment  of  deposits  and  other  receivables,  loan and  interest  receivable  and  consideration  receivable of  approximately  HK$1,189,000,  HK$378,000  and HK$1,410,000,  respectively.  Provision  is  made  for lifetime  ECL  on  Receivables.

The Group applies the general approach to measure the ECL of Receivables. Management assessed the ECL based  on  estimation  about  risk  of  default,  expected loss rates and whether there has been any significant increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition  for Receivables.  The  Group  used  judgment  in  making these  assumptions  and  selecting  the  inputs  to  the impairment calculation, including the credit loss experience, settlement records, internal credit ratings, collateral values, relationships with debtors and other factors that impacted  their ability  of  repayment. Management  also  took  into account of existing market conditions  and  forward-looking  information.

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matters

We  performed  the  following  procedures  to  address the  key  audit  matter:

- Understood control procedures over the management's  estimation  of  ECL  allowance and  assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement  by  considering  the  degree  of estimation uncertainty and level of other inherent risk factors associated with estimating the  ECL;
- Obtained management's assessment on the ECL allowance of Receivables. We corroborated and validated,  on  a  sample  basis,  management's assessment  based  on  the  historical  settlement pattern,  correspondence  with  the  customers, evidence from external sources including the relevant  market  research  regarding  the relevant  forward-looking  information  such  as macroeconomic factors used in management's assessment;
- Challenged  management's  estimation  of  the risk  of  default  and  ECL  rate  referencing  to the debtors' credit information including settlement records and ability of repayment and collaborated  management's  explanations  with publicly  available  information  and  supporting evidence;
- Checked the mathematical accuracy of the calculation of impairment provision of Receivables;
- Considered the competency, capability and objectivity of the independent, professional and qualified valuer by considering its qualification, relevant  experience  and  relationship  with  the Group;

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## Key Audit Matters

Impairment  for  deposits  and  other  receivables,  loan and  interest  receivable  and  consideration  receivable ('Receivables')  (Continued)

We focused on this area because the carrying values of  Receivables  are  significant  to  the  consolidated financial  statements  and  management's  impairment assessment of Receivables require the use of significant  judgment  and  estimate.

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report  thereon.

Our  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  does  not  cover  the  other  information  and  we  do  not express  any  form  of  assurance  conclusion  thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the  other information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material  misstatement  of  this  other information,  we  are  required  to  report  that  fact.  We  have  nothing  to  report  in  this  regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give  a  true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of the  Hong  Kong  Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors  determine  is  necessary  to enable  the  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  that  are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether due to fraud or  error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  assessing the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going  concern and  using  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  unless  the  directors  either  intend  to  liquidate  the  Group  or to  cease  operations,  or  have  no  realistic  alternative  but  to  do  so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial  reporting  process.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matters

- Involved our internal valuation expert to develop an auditor's point estimate in assessing the  ECL  allowance  including  forward-looking information and the fair value of collateral; and
- Tested,  on  a  sample  basis,  the  subsequent settlement of Receivables against bank receipts.

Based upon the above, we found that the estimation and judgment made by management in respect of the ECL  allowance  and  the  collectability  of  Receivables were supportable by the available  evidence.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes  our  opinion.  We  report  our  opinion  solely  to  you,  as  a  body,  and  for  no  other  purpose.  We  do  not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with HKSAs  will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exists.  Misstatements  can  arise  from  fraud  or  error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the  economic  decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgment  and  maintain  professional scepticism  throughout  the  audit.  We  also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  whether due  to  fraud  or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit evidence  that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting a  material  misstatement  resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the  override  of  internal  control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of  the  Group's  internal  control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related  disclosures  made  by  the  directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that a  material  uncertainty  exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related disclosures  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions  may  cause  the  Group  to  cease  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the  disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions and events in  a  manner  that  achieves  fair  presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  We  are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for  our  audit  opinion.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during  our  audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or applied.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  Audit  Committee,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most significance  in  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period  and  are  therefore  the key  audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in  extremely  rare  circumstances,  we  determine  that  a  matter  should  not be  communicated in  our  report  because  the  adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would  reasonably  be  expected to  outweigh  the  public  interest  benefits  of  such  communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this  independent  auditor's  report  is  Kwok  Chi  Kan.

Linksfield  CPA  Limited Certified  Public  Accountants

Hong Kong, 3 April 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  6  297,564  319,330  Cost  of  sales  8  (285,826)  (298,102)  Gross  profit  11,738  21,228  Other income and gains  7  6,040  5,022  Provision  for  impairment  loss  on  financial  and  contract  assets,  net  of  reversal  (654)  (1,405)  Administrative  expenses  8  (28,259)  (30,757)  Operating loss  (11,135)  (5,912)  Finance  costs  10  (97)  (71)  Loss  before  income  tax  (11,232)  (5,983)  Income tax credit/(expense)  11  83  (7)  Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year  (11,149)  (5,990)  (Loss)/profit  and  total  comprehensive  (loss)/income  for  the  year  attributable  to:  -  Owners  of  the  Company  (11,104)  (6,017)  -  Non-controlling  interests  (45)  27  (11,149)  (5,990)  Loss per share attributable to the owners of  the Company (in HK cents)  Basic  and  diluted  12  (0.20)  (0.11)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with  the  accompanying  notes.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at  30  June  2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property,  plant  and  equipment  15  2,074  2,484  Right-of-use  assets  16  4,885  1,697  Rental  deposit  17  150  -  7,109  4,181  Current assets  Trade  and  other  receivables  17  85,050  68,904  Consideration  receivable  18  9,100  9,100  Loan and interest  receivable  19  11,423  11,801  Contract  assets  6(b)  59,325  63,117  Tax  recoverable  -  869  Time deposits  with  original  maturity  over  three  months  20(c)  15,000  46,500  Pledged bank deposits  20(b)  1,279  1,274  Cash and cash equivalents  20(a)  41,829  38,092  223,006  239,657  Total  assets  230,115  243,838  EQUITY  Equity attributable to the owners of the Company  Share  capital  24  11,189  11,189  Reserves  121,495  132,599  132,684  143,788  Non-controlling  interests  601  646  Total  equity  133,285  144,434   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)

As at  30  June  2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Long services  payment  obligations  22  266  530  Lease  liabilities  16  1,761  33  Deferred  income  tax  liabilities  23  346  429  2,373  992  Current liabilities  Trade  and  other  payables  21  92,218  97,059  Lease  liabilities  16  2,239  1,353  94,457  98,412  Total  liabilities  96,830  99,404  Total  equity  and  liabilities  230,115  243,838   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements on pages 48 to 119 were approved by the Board of Directors on 3 April 2023 and were signed on its behalf by:

## MA Huijun

Director

LAI  Aizhong Director

The above consolidated statement of financial statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022

| Attributable to the owners of the Company  Share  capital  Share  premium  Other  reserve  Retained  earnings  Sub-Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  (Note)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  30  June  2020  and  1  July  2020  11,189  77,790  (480)  61,306  149,805  619  150,424  (Loss)/profit  for  the  year  -  -  -  (6,017)  (6,017)  27  (5,990)  Other comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total  comprehensive  (loss)/income  for  the  year  -  -  -  (6,017)  (6,017)  27  (5,990)  At  30  June  2021  and  1  July  2021  11,189  77,790  (480)  55,289  143,788  646  144,434  Loss  for  the  year  -  -  -  (11,104)  (11,104)  (45)  (11,149)  Other comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total  comprehensive  loss  for  the  year  -  -  -  (11,104)  (11,104)  (45)  (11,149)  At  30  June  2022  11,189  77,790  (480)  44,185  132,684  601  133,285   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Other reserve represented the difference between the nominal value of the issued share capital of Sing Fat Construction Company Limited ('Sing Fat Construction') and ABO Group Limited ('ABO') in aggregate amount of approximately HK$9,310,000 over nominal  value  of  the  share  capital  of  the  Company  in  the  amount  of  HK$9,790,000  issued  in  exchange  thereof,  pursuant  to the  group  reorganisation.

The  above  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  accompanying notes.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Cash (used in)/generated  from  operating  activities  25(a)  (26,850)  3,338  Hong Kong profit tax refunded  869  800  Net  cash  (used  in)/generated  from  operating  activities  (25,981)  4,138  Cash flows from investing activities  Placement of time deposits with original  maturity  over  three  months  (90,000)  (134,500)  Withdrawal of time deposits with original  maturity  over  three  months  121,500  119,500  (Placement)/withdrawal  of  pledged  bank  deposits  (5)  161  Net  cash  inflow  arising  on  disposal  of  subsidiaries  28  29  31  Purchase  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  (628)  (219)  Proceeds  from  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  25(c)  651  914  Proceeds  from  disposal  of  subsidiaries  in  prior  years  18  -  10,890  Bank interest  received  336  448  Settlement  of  repayment  from  a  loan  receivable  -  1,398  Net  cash  generated  from/(used  in)  investing  activities  31,883  (1,377)  Cash flows from financing activities  Repayment of leases liabilities  25(b)  (2,068)  (1,672)  Interest  paid  25(b)  (97)  (71)  Net  cash  used  in  financing  activities  (2,165)  (1,743)  Net  increase  in  cash  and  cash  equivalents  3,737  1,018  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  38,092  37,076  Effect  of  foreign  exchange  rate  changes  -  (2)  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  20(a)  41,829  38,092   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 1 GENERAL INFORMATION

China  Supply  Chain  Holdings  Limited  (the  ' Company ')  was  incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  as  an exempted company with limited liability and its shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange '). At the date of these financial statements, its ultimate and immediate holding company is Smart Paradise International Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin  Islands  (the  ' BVI '),  which  is  beneficially  owned  by  Mr.  Dai  Jian.  The  addresses  of  the  registered office  and  principal  place  of  business  of  the  Company  are  disclosed  in  the  corporate  information  section to  the  annual  report.

The  Company  acts  as  an  investment  holding  company  and  the  principal  activities  of  its  subsidiaries  are set  out  in  Note  14.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  thousands  of  Hong  Kong  dollar  (' HK$'000 '), unless  otherwise  stated.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set  out  below.  These  policies  have  been  consistently  applied  to  all  the  years  presented,  unless  otherwise stated.

## 2.1 Basis  of  preparation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  Hong  Kong Financial  Reporting  Standards  (' HKFRS '),  which  collective  term  includes  all  applicable  individual HKFRS,  Hong  Kong  Accounting  Standards  (' HKAS ')  and  Interpretations  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (' HKICPA '),  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in Hong Kong and the requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap.622. The consolidated financial  statements  have  been  prepared  under  the  historical  cost  convention.

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements  are  disclosed  in  Note  4.

## (a) New standards, amendments to standards and interpretation adopted by the Group

The  Group  has  applied  the  following  new  and  amended  standards,  improvements  and interpretation  for  the  first  time  for  their  annual  reporting  period  commencing  1  July  2021:

- Interest  Rate  Benchmark  Reform  -  amendments  to  HKFRS  9,  HKAS  39  and  HKFRS  7
- Covid-19  -  Related  Rent  Concessions  -  amendments  to  HKFRS  16

The  amendments  listed  above  did  not  have  any  impact  on  the  amounts  recognised  in  prior periods  and  are  not  expected  to  significantly  affect  the  current  or  future  periods.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.1 Basis  of  preparation (Continued)

## (b) New  standards,  amendments to standards, interpretations and accounting guideline issued but not yet effective

The  following  new  standards,  amendments  to  standards,  interpretations  and  accounting guidelines  that  have  been  published  but  not  effective  during  the  year  and  have  not  been early  adopted  by  the  Group:

Effective  for annual periods beginning on or after

| Annual Improvements Project  (Amendments)  Annual Improvements 2018-2020 Cycle  1  January  2022  HKFRS 3, HKAS 16 and  HKAS 37  Narrow-Scope Amendments (amendments)  1  January  2022  Accounting Guideline 5  (Revised)  Revised  Accounting  Guideline  5  -  Merger  Accounting for Common Control  Combinations  1  January  2022  HKFRS 17  Insurance  Contracts  1  January  2023  HKFRS 17  Amendments to HKFRS 17  1  January  2023  HKFRS 17  Initial  Application  of  HKFRS  17  and  HKFRS 9  -  Comparative  Information  1  January  2023  HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice  Statement 2  Disclosure  of  Accounting  Policies  (amendments)  1  January  2023  HKAS 8  Definition  of  Accounting  Estimates  (amendments)  1  January  2023  HKAS 12  Deferred  tax  related  to  assets  and  liabilities  arising  from  a  single  transaction  (amendments)  1  January  2023  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or  Non-Current (amendments)  1  January  2024   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.1 Basis  of  preparation (Continued)

- (b) New  standards,  amendments to standards, interpretations and accounting guideline issued but not yet effective (Continued)

| Effective  for  annual periods  beginning  on or after  Amendments to HKAS 1  Non-current liabilities  with  Covenants  (amendments)  1  January  2024  Amendments to HKAS 16  Lease  Liability  in  a  Sale  and  Leaseback  (amendments)  1  January  2024  HK Interpretation  5  (Revised)  Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (Revised)  Presentation  of  Financial  Statements  -  Classification  by  the  Borrower  of  a  Term Loan that Contains a Repayment  on Demand Clause  1  January  2024  Amendments to HKFRS 10  and HKAS 28  Sale  or  Contribution  of  Assets  Between  an  Investor  and  its  Associate  or  Joint  Venture (amendments)  To  be  determined   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors of the Company have assessed the financial impact on the Group of the adoption of the above new standards, amendments to existing standards, interpretations and accounting guideline.  These  standards  and  amendments  are  not  expected  to  have  a  material  impact  on the  Group in the future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions. The Group is currently revisiting their accounting policy information disclosures to ensure consistency with the amended requirements. The Group intends to adopt the above new standards, amendments to  existing  standards  interpretations  and  accounting  guideline  when  they  become  effective.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.2 Principles  of  consolidation

## Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries  are  all  entity  (including  a  structured  entity)  over  which  the  Group  has  control.  The Group controls  an  entity  when  the  Group  is  exposed  to,  or  has  rights  to,  variable  returns  from  its involvement  with  the  entity  and  has  the  ability  to  affect  those  returns  through  its  power  over  the entity.  Subsidiaries  are  consolidated  from  the  date  on  which  control  is  transferred  to  the  Group. They are  deconsolidated  from  the  date  that  control  ceases.

Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are  eliminated.  Unrealised  losses  are  also  eliminated  unless  the  transaction  provides  evidence  of  an impairment  of  the  transferred  asset.  Accounting  policies  of  subsidiaries  have  been  changed  where necessary  to  ensure  consistency  with  the  policies  adopted  by  the  Group.

Non-controlling  interests  in  the  results  and  equity  of  subsidiaries  are  shown  separately  in  the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity  and  statement  of  financial  position  respectively.

## 2.3 Business combination

The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred  for  the  acquisition  of  a  subsidiary  comprises  the:

- fair  values  of  the  assets  transferred,
- liabilities  incurred  to  the  former  owners  of  the  acquired  entity,
- equity  interests  issued  by  the  Group,
- fair  value  of  any  asset  or  liability  resulting  from  a  contingent  consideration  arrangement,  and
- fair  value  of  any  pre-existing  equity  interest  in  the  subsidiary.

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are  measured  initially  at  their  fair  values  at  the  acquisition  date.  The  Group  recognises  any  noncontrolling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at  the  non-controlling  interest's  proportionate  share  of  the  acquired  entity's  net  identifiable  assets.

Acquisition-related  costs  are  expensed  as  incurred.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Business combination (Continued)

The excess  of  the:

- consideration  transferred,
- amount of any non-controlling interest  in  the  acquired  entity,  and
- acquisition-date  fair  value  of  any  previous  equity  interest  in  the  acquired  entity

over the fair  value  of  the  net  identifiable  assets  acquired  is  recorded  as  goodwill.  If  those  amounts are  less  than  the  fair  value  of  the  net  identifiable  assets  of  the  business  acquired,  the  difference  is recognised  directly  in  the  consolidated  income  statement  as  a  bargain  purchase.

Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity's incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration is classified either  as  equity  or  financial  liability.  Amounts  classified  as  a  financial  liability  are  subsequently remeasured  to  fair  value  with  changes  in  fair  value  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  in profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer's previously  held  equity  interest  in  the  acquiree  is  remeasured  to  fair  value  at  the  acquisition  date. Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated statement of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income.

## 2.4 Separate financial statements

Investments  in  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  at  cost  less  impairment  in  the  separate  financial statements  of  the  Company.  Cost  includes  direct  attributable  costs  of  investment.  The  results  of subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  by  the  Company  on  the  basis  of  dividend  received  and  receivable.

Impairment  testing  of  the  investments  in  subsidiaries  is  required  upon  receiving  a  dividend  from these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiaries in the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investments in the separate financial statements  exceeds  the  carrying  amount  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  investee's net  assets  including  goodwill.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.5 Segment reporting

Operating  segments  are  reported  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  internal  reporting  provided  to the  chief  operating  decision-maker  (the  ' CODM ').  The  CODM,  who  is  responsible  for  allocating resources  and  assessing  performance  of  the  operating  segments,  has  been  identified  as  the  Board of  Directors,  who  makes  strategic  decisions.

## 2.6 Foreign currency translation

## (i) Functional and presentation currency

Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group entities are measured using the currency  of  the  primary  economic  environment  in  which  the  entity  operates  (the  'functional currency'). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Group's presentation  and  the  Company's  functional  currency.

## (ii) Transactions and balances

Foreign  currency  transactions  are  translated  into  the  functional  currency  using  the  exchange rates  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  Foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  resulting  from  the settlement  of  such  transactions  and  from  the  translation  of  monetary  assets  and  liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange rates are recognised in profit or loss. Foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  are  presented  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  on  a  net  basis  within  other  gains/(losses),  net.

Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the  exchange  rates  at  the  date  when  the  fair  value  was  determined.  Translation  differences on assets and liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss.

## (iii) Group companies

The  results  and  financial  position  of  foreign  operations  (none  of  which  has  the  currency  of a  hyperinflationary  economy)  that  have  a  functional  currency  different  from  the  presentation currency  are  translated  into  the  presentation  currency  as  follows:

- assets  and  liabilities  for  each  statement  of  financial  position  presented  are  translated  at the  closing  rate  at  the  date  of  that  statement  of  financial  position
- income  and  expenses  for  each  statement  of  profit  or  loss  are  translated  at  average exchange  rates  (unless  this  is  not  a  reasonable  approximation  of  the  cumulative  effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions),  and

•

- all  resulting  exchange  differences  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.6 Foreign currency translation (Continued)

## (iii) Group companies (Continued)

On consolidation,  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  any  net  investment  in foreign  entities,  and  of  borrowings  and  other  financial  instruments  designated  as  hedges  of such investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences  are  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss,  as  part  of  the  gain  or  loss  on  sale.

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  foreign  operation  and  translated  at  the  closing  rate.  Currency translation  difference  arising  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income.

## 2.7 Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation and impairment losses. Historical  cost  includes  expenditure  that  is  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  the  items.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset's  carrying  amount  or  recognised  as  a  separate  asset,  as appropriate,  only  when  it  is  probable  that  future  economic  benefits  associated  with  the  item  will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance  are  charged  to  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive income during the financial  period  in  which  they  are  incurred.

The following property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis, at the following rates  per  annum:

Leasehold  improvement

Over the shorter  of  the  term  of  lease  or  25%  per  annum

For  other  property,  plant  and  equipment,  they  are  depreciated  on  diminishing  balance  method  at their  estimated  depreciation  rates  as  below:

| Machinery and equipment  15% per annum  Furniture,  fixtures  and  office  equipment  15% per annum  Motor vehicles  15% per annum   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The assets' residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each financial  year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.7 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

An  asset's  carrying  amount  is  written  down  immediately  to  its  recoverable  amount  if  the  asset's carrying  amount  is  greater  than  its  estimated  recoverable  amount.

Gains  and  losses  on  disposal  are  determined  by  comparing  the  proceeds  with  the  carrying  amount and are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

## 2.8 Leases

Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased  asset  is  available  for  use  by  the  Group.

Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.  The  lease  agreements  do  not  impose  any  covenants  other  than  the  security  interests in  the  leased  assets  that  are  held  by  the  lessor.  Leased  assets  may  not  be  used  as  security  for borrowing purposes.

Assets  and  liabilities  arising  from  a  lease  are  initially  measured  on  a  present  value  basis.  Lease liabilities  include  the  net  present  value  of  the  fixed  lease  payments.  Lease  payments  to  be  made under reasonably certain  extension  options  are  also  included  in  the  measurement  of  the  liability.

The  lease  payments  are  discounted  using  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease.  If  that  rate  cannot be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee's incremental borrowing rate  is  used,  being  the  rate  that  the  individual  lessee  would  have  to  pay  to  borrow  the funds  necessary  to  obtain  an  asset  of  similar  value  to  the  right-of-use  asset  in  a  similar  economic environment with similar  terms,  security  and  conditions.

To  determine  the  incremental  borrowing  rate,  the  Group:

- where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,  adjusted  to  reflect  changes  in  financing  conditions  since  third  party  financing  was received;  and
- makes any adjustments specific to the lease,  e.g.  term,  country,  currency  and  security.

Lease  payments  are  allocated  between  principal  and  finance  cost.  The  finance  cost  is  charged  to statement of comprehensive income over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of  interest  on  the  remaining  balance  of  the  liability  for  each  period.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.8 Leases (Continued)

Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost  comprising  the  following:

- the  amount  of  the  initial  measurement  of  lease  liability,
- any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date  less  any  lease  incentives received,  and
- any  initial  direct  costs.

Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term  on  a  straight-line  basis.  If  the  Company  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  a  purchase  option, the  right-of-use  asset  is  depreciated  over  the  underlying  asset's  useful  life.

Payments  associated  with  short-term  leases  of  premises  and  all  leases  of  low-valued  assets  are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in statement of comprehensive income. Short-term leases  are  leases  with  a  lease  term  of  12  months  or  less  without  a  purchase  option.  Lease  terms are  negotiated  on  an  individual  basis  and  contain  a  wide  range  of  different  terms  and  conditions.

## Taxation

For  the  purposes  of  measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognised the  right-of-use  assets  and  the  related  lease  liabilities,  the  Group  first  determines  whether  the  tax deductions  are  attributable  to  the  right-of-use  assets  or  the  lease  liabilities.

For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12 'Income Taxes' requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised at initial recognition  and  over  the  lease  terms  due  to  application  of  the  initial  recognition  exemption.

## 2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets

Assets  that  are  subject  to  amortisation  are  reviewed  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  amount  may  not  be  recoverable.  An  impairment  loss is  recognised  for  the  amount  by  which  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  exceeds  its  recoverable amount.  The  recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  an  asset's  fair  value  less  costs  to  sell  and  value in  use.  For  the  purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there  is  separately  identifiable  cash  flows  (cash-generating  units).  Non-financial  assets  other  than goodwill  that  suffered  an  impairment  are  reviewed  for  possible  reversal  of  the  impairment  at  the end of the financial  year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.10 Investments and other financial assets

## 2.10.1  Classification

The Group classifies  its  financial  assets  in  the  following  measurement  categories:

- those  to  be  measured  subsequently  at  fair  value  (either  through  other  comprehensive income (' OCI ')  or  through  profit  or  loss),  and
- those  to  be  measured  at  amortised  cost.

The  classification  depends  on  the  entity's  business  model  for  managing  the  financial  assets and the contractual  terms  of  the  cash  flows.

For  assets  measured  at  fair  value,  gains  and  losses  will  either  be  recorded  in  profit  or  loss or  OCI.  For  investments  in  equity  instruments  that  are  not  held  for  trading,  this  will  depend on  whether  the  Group  has  made  an  irrevocable  election  at  the  time  of  initial  recognition  to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (' FVOCI ').

The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those  assets  changes.

## 2.10.2  Recognition and derecognition

Regular  way  purchases  and  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognised  on  trade-date,  the  date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial  assets  are  derecognised when  the  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the  financial  assets  have  expired  or  have  been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

## 2.10.3  Measurement

At  initial  recognition,  the  Group  measures  a  financial  asset  at  its  fair  value  plus  transaction costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  the  financial  asset.

## Amortised cost

Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely  payments  of  principal  and  interest  are  measured  at  amortised  cost.  Interest  income from  these  financial  assets  is  included  in  finance  income  using  the  effective  interest  rate method.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on  derecognition  is  recognised  directly  in  the  statement  of comprehensive income. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of  comprehensive  income.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.10 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## 2.10.4  Impairment of financial assets

The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses (the ' ECL ') associated with  its  financial  assets  measured  at  amortised  cost.  The  impairment  methodology  applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit  risk.

For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by  HKFRS 9,  which  requires  expected  lifetime  losses  to  be  recognised  from  initial  recognition of the receivables. Impairment on other financial assets at amortised cost is measured as either 12-month  ECL  or  lifetime  ECL,  depending  on  whether  there  has  been  a  significant  increase in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition.  If  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  of  a  receivable  has occurred  since  initial  recognition,  then  impairment  is  measured  as  lifetime  ECL.

The  Group  applies  the  general  approach  in  HKFRS  9  to  measure  the  ECL,  which  uses  a three-stage model to calculate the loss allowances. According to the changes of credit risk of financial instruments since the initial recognition, the Group calculates the ECL by three stages:

- Stage  1: A  financial  instrument  of  which  the  credit  risk  has  not  significantly  increase  since initial  recognition.  The  amount  equal  to  12-month  ECL  is  recognised  as  loss allowance.
- Stage  2: A financial instrument with a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition but  is  not  considered  to  be  credit-impaired.  The  amount  equal  to  lifetime  ECL  is recognised  as  loss  allowance.
- Stage  3: A  financial  instrument  is  considered  to  be  credit-impaired  as  at  the  end  of  the reporting period. The amount equal to lifetime ECL is recognised as loss allowance.

Assessment of significant  increase  in  credit  risk

Significant  increase  in  credit  risk  is  assessed  by  comparing  the  risk  of  default  of  an  exposure at  the  reporting  date  with  the  risk  of  default  at  origination  (after  considering  the  passage  of time).  'Significant'  does  not  mean  statistically  significant  nor  is  it  reflective  of  the  extent  of the  impact  on  the  Group's  financial  statements.  Whether  a  change  in  the  risk  of  default  is significant  or  not  is  assessed  using  quantitative  and  qualitative  criteria,  e.g.  payment  being past  due  by  more  than  certain  amounts  of  days.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.10 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## 2.10.4  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

Assessment of credit-impaired

Credit-impaired financial assets comprise those assets that have experienced an observed credit event and are in default. Default represents those assets that are at least 90 days past due in respect  of  principal  and  interest  payments  and/or  where  the  assets  are  otherwise  considered unlikely  to  pay,  such  as  bankruptcy,  fraud  or  death.  This  definition  is  consistent  with  internal credit  risk  management  and  the  regulatory  definition  of  default.

## 2.11 Offsetting financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  liabilities  are  offset  and  the  net  amount  reported  in  the  statement  of  financial position  when  there  is  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  offset  the  recognised  amounts  and  there  is an  intention  to  settle  on  a  net  basis  or  realise  the  asset  and  settle  the  liability  simultaneously.  The legally  enforceable  right  must  not  be  contingent  on  future  events  and  must  be  enforceable  in  the normal  course  of  business  and  in  event  of  default,  insolvency  or  bankruptcy  of  the  Group  or  the counterparty.

## 2.12 Trade and other receivables

Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services performed in the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating  cycle  of  the  business  if  longer),  they  are  classified  as  current  assets.

Trade  and  other  receivables  are  recognised  initially  at  fair  values  and  subsequently  measured  at amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method,  less  allowance  for  impairment.

## 2.13 Cash and cash equivalents

For  the  purpose  of  presentation  in  the  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  include cash  on  hand,  deposits  with  financial  institutions,  other  short-term,  highly  liquid  investments  with original  maturities  of  three  months  or  less  that  are  readily  convertible  to  known  amounts  of  cash and which are subject to an insignificant  risk  of  change  in  value,  and  bank  overdrafts.

## 2.14 Share capital

Ordinary  shares  are  classified  as  equity.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.15 Trade and other payables

Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course  of  business  from  suppliers.  Trade  and  other  payables  are  classified  as  current  liabilities  if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business, if longer). If  not,  they  are  presented  as  non-current  liabilities.

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, and subsequently carried at amortised cost  using  the  effective  interest  method.

## 2.16 Current and deferred income tax

The  income  tax  expense  or  credit  for  the  period  is  the  tax  payable  on  the  current  period's  taxable income based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses. Current and deferred  tax  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  except  to  the  extent  that  it  relates  to  items  recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in  equity,  respectively.

## (i) Current income tax

Current  income  tax  for  current  and  prior  periods  is  recognised  at  the  amount  expected  be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  date. Management  periodically  evaluates  positions  taken  in  tax  returns  with  respect  to  situations in  which  applicable  tax  regulation  is  subject  to  interpretation.  It  establishes  provisions,  where appropriate,  on  the  basis  of  amounts  expected  to  be  paid  to  the  tax  authorities.

## (ii) Deferred income tax

Deferred  income  tax  is  provided  in  full,  using  the  liability  method,  on  temporary  differences arising  between  the  tax  bases  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their  carrying  amounts  in  the consolidated  financial  statements.  However,  deferred  tax  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it  arises  from  initial  recognition  of  an  asset  or  liability  in  a  transaction  other  than  a  business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.  Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the financial year period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred  income  tax  assets  are  recognised  only  if  it  is  probable  that  future  taxable  amounts will  be  available  to  utilise  those  temporary  differences  and  losses.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.16 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

## (ii) Deferred income tax (Continued)

Deferred  tax  liabilities  and  assets  are  not  recognised  for  temporary  differences  between  the carrying  amount  and  tax  bases  of  investments  in  foreign  operations  where  the  company  is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the  differences  will  not  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current  tax  assets  and  liabilities  and  when  the  deferred  tax  balances  relate  to  the  same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the Group has a legally enforceable  right  to  offset  and  intends  either  to  settle  on  a  net  basis,  or  to  realise  the  asset and settle  the  liability  simultaneously.

## (iii) Investment allowances and similar tax incentives

Companies within the Group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions for investments in  qualifying  assets  or  in  relation  to  qualifying  expenditure.  The  Group  accounts  for  such allowances  as  tax  credits,  which  means  that  the  allowance  reduces  income  tax  payable  and current  tax  expense.

## 2.17 Employee benefits

## (i) Employee leave entitlements

Employee  entitlements  to  annual  leave  are  recognised  when  they  accrue  to  employees.  A provision  is  made  for  the  estimated  liability  for  annual  leave  as  a  result  of  services  rendered by  employees  up  to  the  reporting  date.

Employee entitlements to sick  leave  and  maternity  leave  are  not  recognised  until  the  time  of leave.

## (ii) Bonus plans

The  expected  cost  of  bonus  payments  is  recognised  as  a  liability  and  an  expense  when  the Company  has  a  present  legal  or  constructive  obligation  as  a  result  of  services  rendered  by employees and a reliable  estimate  of  the  obligation  can  be  made.

Liabilities for bonus payments are expected to be settled within 12 months and are measured at  the  amounts  expected  to  be  paid  when  they  are  settled.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.17 Employee benefits (Continued)

## (iii) Pension obligations

The  Group  has  established  a  mandatory  provident  fund  scheme  (' MPF  Scheme ')  in  Hong Kong. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held in separate trustee-administered funds. Both the Group and the employees are required to contribute 5% of the employees' monthly relevant income up to a capped amount per employee.

The  contributions  to  the  MPF  Scheme  are  recognised  as  employee  benefit  expense  in  the statement  of  comprehensive  income  when  they  are  due.  The  Group  has  no  further  payment obligations  once  the  contributions  have  been  paid.  Prepaid  contributions  are  recognised  as an  asset  to  the  extent  that  a  cash  refund  or  a  reduction  in  the  future  payments  is  available.

## (iv) Short-term obligations

Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick leave that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees' services up to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the  liabilities  are  settled.  The  liabilities  are  presented  as  current  employee  benefit  obligations in  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position.

## 2.18 Provisions

Provisions  for  legal  claims,  service  warranties  and  make  good  obligations  are  recognised  when  the Group  has  a  present  legal  or  constructive  obligation  as  a  result  of  past  events,  it  is  probable  that an  outflow  of  resources  will  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation  and  the  amount  can  be  reliably estimated.  Provisions  are  not  recognised  for  future  operating  losses.

Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even  if  the  likelihood  of  an  outflow  with  respect  to  any  one  item  included  in  the  same  class  of obligations  may  be  small.

Provisions  are  measured  at  the  present  value  of  management's  best  estimate  of  the  expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to  determine  the  present  value  is  a  pre-tax  rate  that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the time  value  of  money  and  the  risks  specific  to  the  liability.  The  increase  in  the  provision  due  to  the passage of time is  recognised  as  interest  expense.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.19 Contingent liabilities

A contingent  liability  is  a  possible  obligation  that  arises  from  past  events  and  whose  existence  will only  be  confirmed  by  the  occurrence  or  non-occurrence  of  one  or  more  uncertain  future  events not  wholly  within  the  control  of  the  Group.  It  can  also  be  a  present  obligation  arising  from  past events that is not recognised because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required  or  the  amount  of  obligation  cannot  be  measured  reliably.

A  contingent  liability  is  not  recognised  but  is  disclosed  in  the  notes  to  the  financial  statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, they will then be  recognised  as  a  provision.

## 2.20 Revenue recognition

Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the rendering of  services  in  the  ordinary  course  of  the  Group's  activities.

If  contracts  involve  the  sale  of  multiple  elements,  the  transaction  price  will  be  allocated  to  each performance  obligation  based  on  their  relative  stand-alone  selling  prices.  If  the  stand-alone  selling prices  are  not  directly  observable,  they  are  estimated  based  on  expected  cost  plus  a  margin  or adjusted  market  assessment  approach,  depending  on  the  availability  of  observable  information.

Revenue is recognised when or as the control of the good or service is transferred to the customer. Depending  on  the  terms  of  the  contract  and  the  laws  that  apply  to  the  contract,  control  of  the good or service  may  be  transferred  over  time  or  at  a  point  of  time.

## Revenue from building maintenance and/or renovation contract

The Group is a building maintenance and renovation service provider in Hong Kong. A contract with a  customer is  classified  by  the  Group  as  a  construction  contract  when  the  contract  relates  to  work on  assets  under  the  control  of  the  customer  and  therefore  the  Group's  building  maintenance  and renovation  activities  create  or  enhance  an  asset  under  the  customer's  control.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.20 Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Revenue from building maintenance and/or renovation contract (Continued)

The  Group  has  primary  responsibility  to  fulfilment  of  the  contract  due  to  the  integration  of construction  work  that  the  Group  assumes  primary  responsibility  for  the  quality  of  management and  completion,  and  has  discretion  in  selecting  subcontractors  and  discretion  of  the  pricing  for subcontractor.

The  Group  has  to  identify  the  performance  obligations  in  contract.  A  performance  obligation  is  a promise  in  a  contract  to  transfer  a  good  or  service  to  a  customer.  Building  maintenance  services include  general  upkeep,  restoration  and  improvement  of  existing  facilities  and  facility  components of  buildings  and  surroundings.  Building  maintenance  contract  will  provide  a  significant  integration service  including  purchase  of  materials,  arrangement  of  subcontractor  and  labour  for  the  provision of  services  and  the  goods  and  services  within  the  contract  will  be  highly  dependent  on  or  highly integrated  with  other  goods  or  services.  As  such,  different  elements  of  a  building  maintenance contract  are  accounted  as  a  single  performance  obligation.  The  Group  treated  all  of  the  building maintenance  contracts  as  a  single  performance  obligation,  as  the  building  maintenance  works  are not  capable  of  being  distinct.

Renovation  works  include  alteration,  upgrading  and  fitting-out  works,  installation  of  hardware  and equipment;  and  other  renovation  works  that  upgrade  the  general  condition  of  buildings  and  their facilities. Renovation contract will also provide a significant integration service including purchase of materials, arrangement of subcontractor and labour for the provision of services and the goods and services  within  the  contract  will  be  highly  dependent  on  or  highly  integrated  with  other  goods  or services. As such, different elements of a renovation contract are accounted as a single performance obligation. The Group treated all of the renovation contracts as a single performance obligation, as the  renovation  works  are  not  capable  of  being  distinct.

When determining the transaction price at the inception of the contract, the Group takes into account the variable consideration based on the contract terms and considers factors such as whether there is  any  financing  component.  The  Group  considers  whether  the  payment  schedule  is  commensurate with the Group's performance and whether the delayed payment is for finance purpose. The Group assessed that there is no significant financing component in building maintenance and/or renovation contracts  as  the  payment  schedule  commensurate  closely  to  the  Group's  performance.  Therefore, transaction  price  is  not  adjusted  for  any  financing  component.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.20 Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Revenue from building maintenance and/or renovation contract (Continued)

Under HKFRS 15, revenue is recognised when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied through transfer  of  control  of  goods  or  services  to  a  customer.  A  performance  obligation  is  satisfied  over time  when  at  least  one  of  the  following  criteria  is  met:

- the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's performance as the Group performs;
- the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is  created  or  enhanced;  or
- the  Group's  performance  does  not  create  an  asset  with  an  alternative  use  to  the  Group  and the  Group  has  an  enforceable  right  to  payment  for  performance  completed  to  date.

The Group  recognised the revenue from  the building maintenance  and  renovation contract progressively over time using the output method, which is to recognise revenue based on the value of  construction  works  completed  to  date  (as  certified  by  external  architects,  surveyors  or  other representatives  as  appointed  by  customers  (collectively  the  'external  technicians'))  as  a  proportion of  the  total  contract  value  of  the  relevant  construction  contracts,  that  best  depict  the  Group's performance in transferring  control  of  goods  or  services.

The likelihood of the Group suffering contractual penalties or liquidated damages for late completion are taken into account in estimating contract transaction prices, such that revenue is only recognised to  the  extent  that  it  is  highly  probable  that  a  significant  reversal  in  the  amount  of  cumulative revenue recognised will not occur. The contractual penalties, or liquated damages and modification of  contracts  are  treated  as  variable  consideration  under  HKFRS  15  and  the  amounts  included  in revenue  to  the  extent  that  it  is  highly  probable  that  contract  revenue  will  not  reverse.  The  Group undertakes continuing assessment to variable  considerations.

There  is  generally  no  material  cost  of  obtaining  contracts  of  the  Group.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.21 Contract assets and contract liabilities

Upon  entering  into  a  contract  with  a  customer,  the  Group  obtains  rights  to  receive  consideration from the customer and assume performance obligations to transfer goods or services to the customer. The combination of those rights and performance obligations give rise to a net asset or net liability depending on the relationship  between  the  remaining  rights  and  the  performance  obligations.  The contract  is  an  asset  and  recognised  as  contract  assets  if  the  measure  of  the  remaining  conditional rights  to  consideration  exceeds  the  satisfied  performance  obligations.  Conversely,  the  contract  is  a liability and recognised as contract liabilities if consideration received (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer exceeds the measure of the remaining unsatisfied performance obligations.

In  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position,  the  contract  assets  mainly  consist  of  unbilled revenue  and  retention  receivables  arising  from  the  building  maintenance  and  renovation  contracts. Contract  liabilities  mainly  consist  of  the  Group's  obligations  to  transfer  the  control  of  performance obligation  to  the  customers  for  which  the  Group  has  received  consideration  from  the  customers.

A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

## 2.22 Interest  income

Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest  method.

## 2.23 Earnings per share

## (i) Basic  earnings  per  share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Group, excluding  any  costs  of  servicing  equity  other  than  ordinary  shares  by  the  weighted  average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in  ordinary  shares  issued  during  the  year  and  excluding  treasury  shares.

## (ii) Diluted earnings per share

Diluted  earnings  per  share  adjusts  the  figures  used  in  the  determination  of  basic  earnings per  share  to  take  into  account  the  after  income  tax  effect  of  interest  and  other  financing costs  associated  with  dilutive  potential  ordinary  shares,  and  the  weighted  average  number  of additional  ordinary  shares  that  would  have  been  outstanding  assuming  the  conversion  of  all dilutive  potential  ordinary  shares.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.24 Government grants

Grants  from  the  government  are  recognised  at  their  fair  value  when  there  is  reasonable  assurance that  the  grant  will  be  received  and  the  Group  will  comply  with  all  the  attached  conditions.

Government  grants  are  recognised  as  income  over  the  period  necessary  to  match  them  with  the related  costs  which  they  are  intended  to  compensate,  on  a  systematic  basis.

## 3 FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

## 3.1 Financial  risk  factors

The Group's activities expose it to a variety of finance risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk and cash flow interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management programme  focuses  on  the  unpredictability  of  financial  markets  and  seeks  to  minimise  potential adverse  effects  on  the  Group's  financial  performance.  The  Group  did  not  use  derivative  financial instruments  to  hedge  its  risk  exposures.

## (a) Market risk

- (i) Foreign  exchange  risk

Foreign  exchange  risk  arises  from  future  commercial  transactions,  recognised  assets  or liabilities  denominated  in  a  currency  that  is  not  the  functional  currency  of  the  relevant group entity.

The  majority  of  the  Group's  transactions  were  denominated  in  its  functional  currency of  relevant  group  entity.  There  are  no  significant  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities denominated  in  currencies  other  than  the  functional  currency  for  the  year  and  at  the year  end.  The  Group  is  therefore  not  exposed  to  significant  exchange  risk.

Management closely monitors foreign currency exchange exposure and will take measures to  minimise  the  currency  translation  risk.  The  Group  manages  its  foreign  exchange  risk by performing regular reviews of the Group's net foreign exchange exposure. The Group has  not  used  any  hedging  arrangement  to  hedge  its  foreign  exchange  risk  exposure  as management considers its exposure is not significant.

## (ii) Cash flow interest  rate  risk

The Group's cash flow interest rate risk mainly arises from loan receivable, time deposits with  original  maturity  over  three  months,  pledged  bank  deposits,  and  bank  balances, which carry  interest  at  market  interest  rates.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 3 FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial  risk  factors (Continued)

## (a) Market risk (Continued)

## (ii) Cash flow interest  rate  risk (Continued)

In  the  opinions  of  the  directors  of  the  Company,  the  interest  income  derived  from  the loan  receivable,  time  deposits  with  original  maturity  over  three  months,  pledged  bank deposits and bank balances are insignificant and the Group's income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rates. Accordingly, no sensitivity  analysis  is  performed.

## (b) Credit  risk

As at 30 June 2022, the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Company due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from  the  carrying  amounts  of  the  respective  recognised  financial  assets  as  stated  in  the consolidated  statement  of  financial  position.

The  credit  risk  of  the  Group  mainly  arises  from  trade  and  other  receivables,  consideration receivable,  loan  and  interest  receivable,  contract  assets,  time  deposits  with  original  maturity over three months, pledged bank deposits and bank balances. The carrying amounts of these balances represent the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

In  order  to  minimise  the  credit  risk,  the  management  of  the  Group  has  delegated  a  team responsible for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to  ensure  that  follow-up  action  is  taken  to  recover  overdue  debts.

The Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9 to measure the ECL of trade receivables  and  contract  assets.

For  all  other  instruments,  the  Group  applies  general  approach  to  measure  the  ECL,  which  is equal to 12-month ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a  default  occurring  since  initial  recognition.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 3 FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial  risk  factors (Continued)

## (b) Credit  risk (Continued)

The  Group  considers  the  probability  of  default  upon  initial  recognition  of  asset  and  whether there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  on  an  ongoing  basis  throughout  the  year. To  assess  whether  there  is  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk,  the  Group  compares  the  risk of  a  default  occurring  on  the  asset  at  the  ending  reporting  date  with  the  risk  of  default  as at  the  date  of  initial  recognition.  It  considers  available  reasonable  and  supportive  forwardinglooking  information.  Especially  the  following  indicators  are  incorporated:

- internal  credit  rating
- external  credit  rating
- actual or expected  significant adverse  changes  in  business, financial  or  economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor's ability to meet its  obligations
- actual  or  expected  significant  changes  in  the  operating  results  of  the  debtor
- significant  increase  in  credit  risk  on  other  financial  instruments  of  the  debtor

Trade receivables  and  contract  assets

The Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9 to measure the ECL of trade receivables and contract assets. Trade receivables and contract assets are assessed individually for debtors with material carrying amount or known financial difficulties or significant doubt on collection of receivables. ECL are also estimated collectively by grouping the remaining debtors based  on  shared  credit  risk  characteristics  by  reference  to  the  nature  and  size  of  debtors, and  applying  ECL  rates  to  the  respective  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  trade  receivables  and contract assets. The ECL rates are based on estimation about risk of default, the corresponding historical  credit  loss  experience,  ageing  of  overdue  receivable,  and  adjusted  to  reflect  current and  forward-looking  information  such  as  macroeconomic  factors  affecting  the  ability  of  the debtors  to  settle  the  receivables.

In  order  to  minimise  credit  risk,  the  Group  has  tasked  its  management  team  to  develop  and maintain  the  Group's  credit  risk  grading  to  categories  exposures  according  to  their  degree of  risk  of  default.  The  management  team  uses  publicly  available  financial  information  and the  Group's  own trading records to rate its  major  customers  and  other  debtors.  The  Group's exposure  and  the  credit  ratings  of  its  counterparties  are  continuously  monitored  and  the aggregate value of  transactions  concluded  is  spread  amongst  approved  counterparties.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 3 FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial  risk  factors (Continued)

## (b) Credit  risk (Continued)

Trade receivables  and  contract  assets (Continued)

The  loss  allowance  for  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  as  at  30  June  2022  and  2021 was determined as follows:

| Expected  loss  rate  Gross carrying  amount  ECL  Net carrying  amounts  As at 30 June 2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade  receivables  1.6%  60,456  (957)  59,499  Contract  assets  0.6%  59,663  (338)  59,325  Expected  loss  rate  Gross  carrying  amount  ECL  Net  carrying  amounts  As  at  30  June  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade  receivables  2.2%  47,969  (1,079)  46,890  Contract  assets  0%  63,117  -  63,117   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  years  ended  30  June  2021,  the  Group  estimate  the  ECL  on  contract  assets  to  be minimal.

The  movement  in  the  allowance  for  impairment  of  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  are set  out  below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  the  beginning  of  the  year  1,079  1,249  Provision  for/(reversal  of)  for  loss  allowance  216  (170)  At  the  end  of  the  year  1,295  1,079   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 3 FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial  risk  factors (Continued)

## (b) Credit  risk (Continued)

Trade receivables  and  contract  assets (Continued)

The Group's current credit  risk  grading  framework  comprises  the  following  categories:

| Category  Description  Basis  for  recognising  ECL  Performing  For  financial  assets  where  there  has  low  risk  of  default  or  has  not  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition  and  that  are  not  credit  impaired,  such  as  government  department  and  public  section  organisation  (refer  to  as  Stage  1)  12-month ECL  Doubtful  For  financial  assets  where  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition  but  that  are  not  credit  impaired  (refer  to  as  Stage  2)  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit  impaired  Default  Financial  assets  are  assessed  as  credit  impaired  when one or more events that have a detrimental  impact  on  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  of  that  asset  have  occurred  (refer  to  as  Stage  3)  Lifetime  ECL  -  credit  impaired  Write-off  There  is  evidence  indicating  that  the  debtor  is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  the  Group  has  no realistic  prospect  of  recovery  Amount is written off   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consideration  receivable,  deposits  and  other  receivables  and  loan  and  interest  receivable

The  Group  applies  the  general  approach  to  measure  the  ECL  of  consideration  receivable, deposits  and  other  receivables  and  loan  and  interest  receivable.  The  Group  assessed  the  ECL based on estimation about risk of default and expected loss rates, and judgment was used in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, including the credit loss experience, settlement records, internal credit ratings, collateral values, relationships with debtors and other factors that impacted their ability of repayment. The management also took  into  account  of  existing  market  conditions  and  forward-looking  information.  However, there has been a significant increase in credit risk of consideration receivable, certain deposits and other receivables and loan and interest receivable and thus the measurement of the loss allowance during the year ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 was based on the lifetime ECL. As the consideration receivable and loan and interest receivable were secured by collaterals with high market value, the management considers that the credit risk in respect of the consideration receivable and loan and interest receivable is significantly reduced and the ECL is not material. For deposits and other receivables, management considered it mainly represented by refundable deposit  for  purchase  of  materials  that  are  not  secured  by  collaterals,  provision  for  ECL  was made during the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 3 FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial  risk  factors (Continued)

## (b) Credit  risk (Continued)

Consideration  receivable,  deposits  and  other  receivables  and  loan  and  interest  receivable (Continued)

The tables below detail the credit quality of the Group's financial assets as well as the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk by credit risk  rating  grades.

| Category  Internal  credit  rating  12-month or lifetime ECL  Consideration  receivable  Doubtful  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit  impaired  Deposits and other receivables  Doubtful  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit  impaired  Loan and interest  receivable  Doubtful  Lifetime  ECL  -  not  credit  impaired   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 3 FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial  risk  factors (Continued)

## (b) Credit  risk (Continued)

Consideration  receivable,  deposits  and  other  receivables  and  loan  and  interest  receivable (Continued)

The  receivables  relating  to  debtors  with  known  financial  difficulties  or  significant  doubt  on collection of receivables are assess individually for provision for impairment allowance. As at 30 June 2022 and 2021, the balances of loss allowance in respect of these individually assessed receivables  as  follows:

| Other  receivables  Loan and  interest  receivable  Consideration  receivable  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As  at  1  July  2020  964  -  -  Increase  in  the  loss  allowance  recognised  in  consolidated  statement of profit  or  loss  and other comprehensive  income during the year  165  -  1,410  As  at  30  June  2021  and  1  July  2021  1,129  -  1,410  Increase  in  the  loss  allowance  recognised  in  consolidated  statement of profit  or  loss  and other comprehensive  income during the year  60  378  -  As  at  30  June  2022  1,189  378  1,410   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Time  deposits  with  original  maturity  over  three  months,  pledged  bank  deposits  and  bank balances

The credit risk on deposits with banks is limited because the counterparties are several reputable and  creditworthy  banks.  Management  does  not  expect  any  losses  from  non-performance  by these  banks  and  financial  institutions  as  they  have  no  default  history  in  the  past.  Therefore, ECL  rate  of  cash  at  bank  is  assessed  to  be  immaterial  and  no  provision  was  made  as  at  30 June  2022  and  2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 3 FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial  risk  factors (Continued)

## (c) Liquidity  risk

In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group's operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying business, the Group maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed credit  lines.

The  following  table  details  the  Group's  remaining  contractual  maturity  for  its  non-derivative financial  liabilities.  The  table  has  been  drawn  up  based  on  the  undiscounted  cash  flows  of financial  liabilities  based  on  the  earliest  date  on  which  the  Group  can  be  required  to  pay.

| On demand  or  within  1  year  Between  1  and  2  years  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flow  Carrying  amount  As at 30 June 2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade  and  other  payables  78,466  -  78,466  78,466  Lease  liabilities  2,376  1,808  4,184  4,000  80,842  1,808  82,650  82,466  On demand  or  within  1  year  Between  1  and  2  years  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash  flow  Carrying  amount  As  at  30  June  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade  and  other  payables  79,505  -  79,505  79,505  Lease  liabilities  1,363  67  1,430  1,386  80,868  67  80,935  80,891   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 3 FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.2 Capital  risk  management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns to the members and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged throughout the year.

The capital structure of the Group represents equity attributable to owners of the Group comprising issued  share  capital  and  retained  earnings.  In  order  to  maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure,  the Group  may  adjust  the  amount  of  dividends  paid  to  the  member,  return  capital  to  the  members, issue  new  shares  or  sell  assets  to  reduce  debt.

## 3.3 Fair  value  estimation

Fair  value  measurements  by  level  of  a  fair  value  measurement  hierarchy  are  not  disclosed  as  no financial assets are stated at fair value on the three level hierarchy basis in the consolidated statement of  financial  position.

The carrying amounts of Group's financial assets and liabilities, including trade and other receivables, consideration  receivable,  loan  and  interest  receivable,  contract  assets,  time  deposits  with  original maturity  over  three  months,  pledged  bank  deposits,  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  trade  and  other payables  approximate  their  fair  values  due  to  their  short  maturities.  The  fair  value  of  financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the future contractual cash flows at the current  market  interest  rate  that  is  available  to  the  Group  for  similar  financial  instruments,  unless the  discounting  effect  is  insignificant.

## 3.4 Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities

There  is  no  material  offsetting,  enforceable  master  netting  arrangement  and  similar  agreements  as at  30  June  2022  and  2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS

Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including  expectations  of  future  events  that  are  believed  to  be  reasonable  under  the  circumstances.  The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,  seldom  equal  the  related  actual  results.  The  estimates  and  assumptions  that  have  a  significant risk  of  causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  within  the  next financial  year  are  addressed  below.

## (a) Revenue recognition in respect of building maintenance services and renovation services

Revenue  was  recognised  over  time  based  on  the  progress  measured  using  an  output  method  satisfaction  of  that  performance  obligation  of  the  building  maintenance  services  and  renovation services  by  reference  to  the  value  of  construction  works  completed  to  date  (as  certified  by  external architects,  surveyors  or  other  representatives  as  appointed  by  customers  (collectively  the  'external technicians') as a proportion of the total contract value of the relevant construction contracts, which involves  significant  management judgment and estimation of the value of each work order. During the  assessment  process,  the  actual  value  of  completed  work  orders  and  contract  maybe  higher  or lower  than  the  estimates  and  will  affect  the  Group's  revenue  recognised.

## (b) Loss allowance of trade receivables and contract assets

The  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  permitted  by  HKFRS  9  to  measure  the  ECL  which  uses a  lifetime  ECL  allowance  for  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets.  The  ECL  on  these  assets  are assessed  individually  for  debtors  with  material  carrying  amount  or  known  financial  difficulties  or significant  doubt  on  collection  of  receivables.  ECL  are  also  estimated  collectively  by  grouping  the remaining  debtors  based  on  shared  credit  risk  characteristics  by  reference  to  the  nature  and  size of debtors, and applying ECL rates to the respective gross carrying amount of the trade receivables and contract assets. The ECL rates are based on estimation about risk of default, the corresponding historical  credit  loss  experience,  ageing  of  overdue  receivable,  and  adjusted  to  reflect  current  and forward-looking  information.

The Group uses judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation.  Changes  in  these  assumptions  and  estimates  could  materially  affect  the  result  of  the assessment and it may be necessary to make additional loss allowance to the consolidated statement of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income.

## (c) Loss allowance of deposits and other receivables, consideration receivable and loan and interest receivable

The Group makes provision for impairment of deposits and other receivables, consideration receivable and  loan  and  interest  receivable  based  on  estimation  about  risk  of  default,  expected  loss  rates. The Group uses judgment in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the credit loss experience, settlement records, internal credit ratings, collateral values,  relationships  with  debtors,  existing  market  conditions  and  forward-looking  information.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (Continued)

## (d) Current and deferred income tax

Significant  judgment  is  required  in  determining  the  provision  for  income  tax.  There  are  many transactions  and  calculations  for  which  the  ultimate  determination  is  uncertain.  Where  the  final tax  outcome  of  these  matters  is  different  from  the  amounts  that  were  initially  recorded,  such difference  will  impact  the  current  tax  and  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  in  the  period  in  which such  determination  is  made.  Deferred  tax  assets  relating  to  certain  temporary  differences  and  tax losses  are  recognised  when  management  considers  it  is  probable  that  future  taxable  profit  will  be available against which the temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. The outcome of their actual  utilisation  may  be  different.

## 5 SEGMENT INFORMATION

## (a) Segment revenue and results

Operating  segments  are  reported  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  internal  reporting  provided  to the  CODM.

The  Company's  executive  directors  monitor  the  operating  results  of  its  operating  segment  for  the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment.

The  CODM has been identified  as  the  executive  directors  of  the  Company.  The  executive  directors consider the segment from a business perspective. The Group has two (2021: two) operating segments that  qualify  as  reporting  segment  under  HKFRS 8 and the information that is regularly reviewed by the  executive  directors  for  the  purposes  of  allocating  resources  and  assessing  performance  of  the operating  segment.

The executive directors assess the performance based on a measure of loss before income tax, and consider  all  businesses  are  included  in  the  two  segments:

- (i) building  maintenance;  and
- (ii) renovation

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 5 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (a) Segment revenue and results (Continued)

The segment results and other segment items are as follows:

| Segment revenue  Segment results  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Building  maintenance  service  202,268  214,559  6,896  16,799  Renovation services  95,296  104,771  4,269  4,170  Total  segment  297,564  319,330  11,165  20,969  Other income and gains  6,040  5,022  Provision  for  impairment  loss  on  financial  assets  (438)  (1,575)  Administrative  expenses  (27,919)  (30,341)  Finance  costs  (80)  (58)  Loss  before  income  tax  (11,232)  (5,983)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group's accounting policies described in Note 2. Segment results represent the profit earned by each segment without allocation of  other  income  and  gains,  provision  for  impairment  loss  on  certain  financial  assets,  administration expenses and finance costs. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation  and  performance  assessment.  There  were  no  inter-segment  sales  between  different business  segments  for  the  years  ended  30  June  2022  and  2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 5 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (b) Segment assets and liabilities

The following is an analysis of the Group's assets and liabilities by reportable and operating segments:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment assets  Building  maintenance  66,759  47,813  Renovation  54,560  64,848  Total  segment  assets  121,319  112,661  Unallocated  corporate  assets  108,796  131,177  Total  assets  230,115  243,838  Segment liabilities  Building  maintenance  43,292  34,477  Renovation  36,230  47,217  Total  segment  liabilities  79,522  81,694  Unallocated  corporate  liabilities  17,308  17,710  Total  liabilities  96,830  99,404   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  the  purpose  of  monitoring  segment  performance  and  allocating  resources  between  segments:

- all assets are allocated to operating segments other than certain property, plant and equipment, certain  right-of-use  assets,  rental  deposit,  certain  other  receivables,  consideration  receivable, loan  and  interest  receivable,  tax  recoverable,  time  deposits  with  original  maturity  over  three months,  pledged  bank  deposits  and  cash  and  cash  equivalent  as  these  assets  are  managed on a group basis.
- all  liabilities  are  allocated  to  operating  segments  other than long service payment obligations, certain lease liabilities, deferred tax liabilities and certain other payables as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 5 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (b) Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)

In measuring the Group's segment assets and liabilities, lease liabilities of approximately HK$317,000 (2021:  HK$426,000)  were  allocated  to  building  maintenance  segment.  However,  the  relevant interests on lease liabilities of approximately HK$17,000 (2021: HK$13,000) were not included in the measurement of  segment  results.  Should  the  interests  on  lease  liabilities  (2021:  same)  be  included in the measurement of segment profit, the segment profit of the building maintenance segment for the  year  ended  30  June  2022  would  be  approximately  10,650,000  (2021:  HK$16,786,000).

## (c) Other segment information

| Building  maintenance  Renovation  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  Amounts included in the measure of  segment profit  or  segment  assets:  Additions  to  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  -  (628)  (628)  Additional  to  right-of-use  assets  (678)  -  (4,004)  (4,682)  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  (41)  -  (295)  (336)  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  (246)  -  (1,248)  (1,494)  Loss  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and equipment  (51)  -  -  (51)  (Provision  for)/reversal  of  impairment  loss  on  financial  and  contract  assets  (291)  75  -  (216)  Amounts regularly provided to  the CODM but not included in  the measure of segment profit  or  segment assets:  Bank interest  income  -  -  336  336  Provision  for  impairment  loss  on  financial  assets  -  -  (438)  (438)  Finance  costs  (17)  -  (80)  (97)  Income tax credit  -  -  83  83   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 5 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (c) Other segment information (Continued)

| Building  maintenance  Renovation  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For  the  year  ended  30  June  2021  Amounts included in the measure  of  segment profit or segment  assets:  Additions  to  property,  plant  and  equipment  (72)  -  (147)  (219)  Additional  to  right-of-use  assets  (978)  -  (1,804)  (2,782)  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  (195)  -  (482)  (677)  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  (220)  -  (1,155)  (1,375)  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  on  financial  and  contract  assets  -  170  -  170  Amounts regularly provided to  the CODM but not included in  the measure of segment profit  or  segment assets:  Gain on disposal  of  property,  plant  and equipment  -  -  11  11  Bank interest  income  -  -  448  448  Loan interest  income  -  -  1,111  1,111  Provision  for  impairment  loss  on  financial  assets  -  -  (1,575)  (1,575)  Finance  costs  (13)  -  (58)  (71)  Income tax expense  (7)  (7)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 5 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## (d) Geographical information

The  Group's  revenue  from  external  customers  by  location  of  operations  and  non-current  assets  by geographical  location  are  all  derived  and  located  in  Hong  Kong  (place  of  domicile)  for  both  years.

## (e) Information about major customers

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022,  there  were  two  customers  (2021:  two)  which  individually contributed  over  10%  of  the  Group's  total  revenue.  During  the  years  ended  30  June  2022  and 2021, the revenue contributed from each of these customers was as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Customer A  204,674  214,531  Customer B  86,432  83,291   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

## (a) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from contracts with customers within the  scope of  HKFRS15:  Rendering of services,  recognised  over  time  - Building maintenance services  202,268  214,559  - Renovation services  95,296  104,771  297,564  319,330   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  aggregate  amount  of  transaction  price  allocated  to  the  performance obligations  that  are  unsatisfied  (or  partially  satisfied)  is  approximately  HK$950,659,000  (2021: HK$251,700,000).  The  amount  represents  revenue  expected  to  be  recognised  in  the  future  from construction  contract  of  the  building  maintenance  services  and  renovation  services.  The  Group  will recognise this revenue as the service is completed, which is expected to occur over the next 12-24 months (2021: 12-24 months).

The above amount does not include variable consideration which is constrained.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 6 REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (Continued)

## (b) Performance obligations for contracts with customers

The  Group  provides  services  on  (1)  building  maintenance  and  (2)  renovation.  Such  services  are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue is recognised by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of relevant performance obligation using output method.

A  contract  asset  is  recognised  over  the  period  in  which  the  construction  contracts  are  performed representing  the  Group's  future  performance  in  achieving  specified  milestones.  The  contract  assets are  transferred  to  trade  receivables  when  the  rights  become  unconditional.

Retention  receivables,  prior  to  expiration  of  defect  liability  period,  are  classified  as  contract  assets, which ranges from one to two years from the date of the practical completion of the construction. The relevant amount of contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables when the defect liability period expires.  The  defect  liability  period  serves  as  an  assurance  that  the  construction  services  performed comply with agreed upon specifications and such assurance cannot be purchased separately.

## Assets and liabilities  related  to  contracts  with  customers

The Group has recognised the following assets and liabilities  related  to  contracts  with  customers:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total  contract  assets:  - Building maintenance services  32,145  35,449  - Renovation services  27,180  27,668  59,325  63,117  Comprising:  Unbilled  revenue  of  building  maintenance  services  32,145  35,449  Unbilled  revenue  of  renovation  services  24,571  22,048  Retention  receivables  of  renovation  services  2,609  5,620  Total  contract  assets  59,325  63,117   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract assets are related  to  both  building  maintenance  and  renovation  contracts.  The  balance  of contract assets balance decreased as there were less services provided but yet to be billed as at 30

June  2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 6 REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (Continued)

## (b) Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)

Assets and liabilities  related  to  contracts  with  customers (Continued)

For contract assets, the Group has applied the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9 to measure the  allowance  for  credit  losses  at  lifetime  ECL.  The  contract  assets  are  assessed  for  ECL  by  using the same basis and approach as trade receivables. Details of the ECL assessment on contract assets are  disclosed  in  Note  3.1(b)  to  the  consoildated  financial  statements.

There has been no change in the estimation techniques or significant assumptions made during the current  year  in  assessing  the  loss  allowance  for  contract  assets.

No contract liabilities building maintenance and renovation contracts were recognised as at year end as  there  was  no  prepayment  for  the  contract  activities  at  year  end.

## 7 OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Bank interest  income  336  448  Loan interest  income  -  1,111  Net  gain  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  11  Gain on disposal  of  subsidiaries  (Note  28)  36  142  Government subsidy (Note i)  604  3,211  Waive of directors'  fee  (Note  9)  5,030  -  Others  34  99  6,040  5,022   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note i:

During the year ended 30 June 2022, the amounts represented cash subsidies from the Employment Support Scheme granted by  the  Government  of  the  Hong  Kong  Special  Administrative  Region  as  part  of  the  relief  measures  on  Covid-19  pandemic (2021:  same).  There  was  no  unfulfilled  condition  in  respect  of  the  grants.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 8 EXPENSES BY NATURE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Auditor's  remuneration  1,411  1,088  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  (Note  15)  336  677  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  (Note  16)  1,494  1,375  Employee benefit expenses (including  directors'  emoluments)  (Note  9)  21,487  22,817  Subcontracting  expenses  266,704  283,957  Consultancy fee  12,377  6,658  Transportation  expenses  289  552  Legal  and  professional  fee  2,602  3,548  Levy  227  989  Motor vehicle  expenses  1,623  1,114  Loss  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  51  -  Others  5,484  6,084  Total  cost  of  sales  and  administrative  expenses  314,085  328,859   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT COSTS (INCLUDING DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS)

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fees  283  528  Wages, salaries  and  other  benefits  20,698  21,560  Retirement  fund  contributions  770  698  Long service  payment  obligations  (Note  22)  (264)  31  21,487  22,817   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## EMPLOYEE BENEFIT COSTS (INCLUDING DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS)

(Continued)

## (a) Benefits and interest of directors

## (i) Directors'  emoluments

The  remuneration  of  directors  for  each  of  the  years  ended  30  June  2022  and  2021  are  set out  below:

| Fees  Wages,  salaries  and  other benefits  Discretionary  bonuses  Retirement  fund  contributions  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For  the  year  ended  30 June 2022  Executive  directors  Ma Huijun (Chairman) (Note x)  -  -  -  -  -  Dai  Jian  (Vice  chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  ('  CEO  '))  (Note  i  and  x)  -  -  -  -  -  Dai  Ming  (Note  x)  -  -  -  -  -  Lai  Aizhong  (Note  x)  -  -  -  -  -  Luk  Chi  Shing  (Note  vii)  171  -  -  -  171  Non-executive directors  Zhang Junze (Note x)  -  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive  directors  Huang Shuhui  -  -  -  -  -  Wong Ka Shing (Note viii)  112  -  -  -  112  Wang Ying (Note ix)  -  -  -  -  -  Ross  Yu  Limjoco  (Note  vi)  -  -  -  -  -  283  -  -  -  283   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 9

## EMPLOYEE BENEFIT COSTS (INCLUDING DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS)

(Continued)

## (a) Benefits and interest of directors (Continued)

## (i) Directors'  emoluments (Continued)

The  remuneration  of  directors  for  each  of  the  years  ended  30  June  2022  and  2021  are  set out  below:  (Continued)

| Fees  Wages,  salaries  and  other  benefits  Discretionary  bonuses  Retirement  fund  contributions  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For  the  year  ended  30 June 2021  Executive  directors  Ma Huijun (Chairman) (Note xi)  -  960  -  -  960  Dai  Jian  (Vice  chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  ('  CEO  '))  (Note  i  and  x)  -  1,200  -  18  1,218  Dai  Ming  (Note  xi)  -  600  -  18  618  Lai  Aizhong  (Note  xi)  -  600  -  -  600  Non-executive directors  Zhang Junze (Note xi)  -  180  -  -  180  Independent non-executive  directors  Chan Foon (Note ii)  84  -  -  -  84  Guo Biao (Note iii  and  xi)  84  -  -  -  84  Song Dan (Note iv and xi)  132  -  -  -  132  Huang Shuhui  132  -  -  -  132  Wong Carol Ka Low (Note v)  44  -  -  -  44  Ross  Yu  Limjoco  (Note  vi)  52  -  -  -  52  528  3,540  -  36  4,104   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## EMPLOYEE BENEFIT COSTS (INCLUDING DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS)

(Continued)

## (a) Benefits and interest of directors (Continued)

## (i) Directors'  emoluments (Continued)

Notes:

- (i) Emoluments also included those for service  rendered  as  CEO.
- (ii) Resigned as independent non-executive directors on 18 February 2021.
- (iii) Resigned as independent non-executive directors on 17 February 2021.
- (iv) Resigned as independent non-executive directors on 29 July 2021.
- (v) Appointed  as  independent  non-executive  directors  on  28  February  2021  and  resigned  on  30  September 2021.
- (vi) Appointed as independent non-executive directors on 28 February 2021 and resigned on 12 October 2021.
- (vii) Appointed as Executive directors  on  12  April  2022  and  resigned  on  1  October  2022.
- (viii) Appointed as independent non-executive directors on 1 October 2022.
- (ix) Appointed as independent non-executive directors on 29 July 2021.
- (x) Subsequent  to  the  reporting  period,  the  directors  agreed  to  waived  their  emoluments  in  aggregate  of approximately  HK$3,550,000 for the year ended 30 June 2022.
- (xi) Subsequent  to  the  reporting  period,  the  directors  agreed  to  waived  their  emoluments  in  aggregate  of approximately  HK$3,755,000 for the year ended 30 June 2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT COSTS (INCLUDING DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS)

(Continued)

## (a) Benefits and interest of directors (Continued)

## (ii) Directors'  retirement  and  termination  benefits

No  retirement  benefits  were  paid  to  or  receivable  by  any  directors  in  respect  of  their  other services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking during the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).

No  payment  was  made  to  the  directors  as  compensation  for  early  termination  of  the appointment during the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (iii) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors' services

No  payment  was  made  to  any  former  employers  of  the  directors  for  making  available  the services of them as a director of the Company during the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (iv) Information  about  loans,  quasi-loans  and  other  dealings  in  favour  of  directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors

There were no other loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of the directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors during the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (v) Directors'  material  interests  in  transactions,  arrangements  or  contracts

No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group's business to which the Group was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 9

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## EMPLOYEE BENEFIT COSTS (INCLUDING DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS) (Continued)

## (b) Five  highest  paid  individuals

The  five  individuals  whose  emoluments  were  the  highest  in  the  Group  included  no  director respectively,  whose  emoluments  were  reflected  in  the  analysis  presented  in  Note  9(a)  during  the year  ended 30 June 2022 (2021: four). The emoluments paid/payable to the five individuals (2021: one)  are  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Wages, salaries  and  other  benefits  3,542  920  Retirement  fund  contributions  90  18  3,632  938   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments were within the following bands:

| Number of individuals  2022  2021  HK$Nil to HK$1,000,000  5  1  5  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No director or any of the five highest paid individuals received any emoluments from the Group as an  inducement to  join  or  upon  joining  the  Group,  or  as  compensation  for  loss  of  office.

## 10  FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interests  on  Lease  liabilities  97  71   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 11 INCOME TAX (CREDIT)/EXPENSE

No provision of Hong Kong Profits Tax had been made as the Group did not derives any assessable profits arising  in  Hong  Kong  for  the  years  ended  30  June  2022  and  2021.

Under  the  Law  of  the  People's  Republic  of  China  on  Enterprise  Income  Tax  (the  'EIT  Law')  and Implementation  Regulation  of  the  EIT  Law,  the  tax  rate  of  the  PRC  subsidiaries  is  25%.  For  the  years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021, no provision for EIT was made as there were no assessable profits.

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the BVI, the Group is not subject to any income tax in  the  Cayman  Islands  and  the  BVI.

The  income  tax  (credit)/expense  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive income represented:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong profits tax  Current  tax  -  -  Deferred  income  tax  (Note  23)  (83)  7  (83)  7   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  income  tax  (credit)/expense  can  be  reconciled  to  the  loss  before  income  tax  per  the  consolidated statement of profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss  before  income  tax  (11,232)  (5,983)  Tax  at  the  domestic  income  tax  rate  of  16.5%  (2021:  16.5%)  (1,853)  (987)  Tax  effect  of  income  not  taxable  for  tax  purposes  (963)  (643)  Tax  effect  of  expenses  not  deductible  for  tax  purposes  787  1,961  Tax  effect  of  tax  loss  not  recognised  1,946  363  Utilisation  of  tax  losses  previously  not  recognised  -  (687)  Income tax (credit)/expense  (83)  7   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 12  LOSS PER SHARE

## (a) Basic  loss  per  share

Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  (HK$'000)  (11,104)  (6,017)  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue  (in  thousands)  5,594,000  5,594,000  Basic  loss  per  share  (HK  cents)  (0.20)  (0.11)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Diluted loss per share

For  the  years  ended  30  June  2022  and  2021,  diluted  loss  per  share  is  the  same  as  basic  loss  per share  as  there  were  no  potential  dilutive  ordinary  shares.

## 13  SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The  Company's  share  option  scheme  was  adopted  pursuant  to  the  written  resolution  passed  on  18 December 2014 to attract and retain the best available personnel, to provide additional incentive to eligible participants  and  to  promote  the  success  of  the  business  of  the  Group.

Eligible  participants  of  the  share  option  scheme  include  employees  (full-time  and  part-time),  directors, consultants,  advisors,  distributors,  contractors,  suppliers,  agents,  customers,  business  partners  or  service providers  of  the  Group.

No  share  option  has  been  granted  since  the  adoption  of  the  share  option  scheme  and  there  is  no outstanding  share  option  as  at  30  June  2022  and  2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 14 SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 are as follows. Unless otherwise stated, they have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares that are held directly by the Group, and the proportion of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group. The country of incorporation  or  registration  is  also  their  principal  place  of  business.

| Name of subsidiaries  Place  and  date of  incorporation  Particulars  of  share capital  Equity interest  attributable to  the Group  Principal  activities  2022  2021  Directly  held  by  the  Company:  ABO Group Limited  The BVI  United  States  Dollar  ('  USD  ')  USD89,600  100%  100%  Investment  holding  Sino  Baron  Group  Limited  The BVI  USD1  100%  100%  Investment  holding  Indirectly  held  by  the  Company:  Sing  Fat  Construction  Company  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,200,000  99.61%  99.61%  Provision  of  building  maintenance and  renovation  services  Richwise  Power  Investment  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  100%  100%  Provision  of  administrative  services  to  group  companies   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 15  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  improvement  Machinery  and  equipment  Furniture,  fixtures  and office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 July 2020  Cost  150  418  1,796  5,904  8,268  Accumulated depreciation  (150)  (395)  (1,533)  (2,345)  (4,423)  Net  book  amount  -  23  263  3,559  3,845  Year ended 30 June 2021  Opening net book amount  -  23  263  3,559  3,845  Additions  -  -  147  72  219  Disposals  - Cost  -  -  -  (2,490)  (2,490)  - Accumulated depreciation  -  -  -  1,587  1,587  Depreciation  -  (4)  (98)  (575)  (677)  Closing  net  book  amount  -  19  312  2,153  2,484  At 30 June 2021  Cost  150  418  1,943  3,486  5,997  Accumulated depreciation  (150)  (399)  (1,631)  (1,333)  (3,513)  Net  book  amount  -  19  312  2,153  2,484   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 15  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

| Leasehold  improvement  Machinery  and  equipment  Furniture,  fixtures  and office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 30 June 2022  Opening net book amount  -  19  312  2,153  2,484  Additions  628  -  -  -  628  Disposals  - Cost  -  -  -  (873)  (873)  - Accumulated depreciation  -  -  -  171  171  Depreciation  (26)  (3)  (82)  (225)  (336)  Closing  net  book  amount  602  16  230  1,226  2,074  At 30 June 2022  Cost  778  418  1,943  2,613  5,752  Accumulated depreciation  (176)  (402)  (1,713)  (1,387)  (3,678)  Net  book  amount  602  16  230  1,226  2,074   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation expense approximately of HK$42,000 (2021: HK$195,000) and HK$294,000 (2021: HK$482,000) has been charged in cost of sales and administrative expenses respectively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 16 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES

This  note  provides  information  for  leases  where  the  Group  is  a  lessee.

## (a) Balances recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

Right-of-use assets

| Office  premises  Motor vehicles  Total  HK'000  HK'000  HK'000  At  1  July  2020  Cost  1,833  142  1,975  Accumulated depreciation  (1,543)  (142)  (1,685)  Net  book  amount  290  -  290  Year ended 30 June 2021  Opening net book amount  290  -  290  Additions  1,804  978  2,782  Depreciation  (1,192)  (183)  (1,375)  Closing  net  book  amount  902  795  1,697  As  at  30  June  2021  Cost  3,637  1,120  4,757  Accumulated depreciation  (2,735)  (325)  (3,060)  Net  book  amount  902  795  1,697  Year ended 30 June 2022  Opening net book amount  902  795  1,697  Additions  4,003  679  4,682  Depreciation  (1,247)  (247)  (1,494)  Closing  net  book  amount  3,658  1,227  4,885  As  at  30  June  2022  Cost  6,952  1,657  8,609  Accumulated depreciation  (3,294)  (430)  (3,724)  Net  book  amount  3,658  1,227  4,885   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 16 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)

## (a) Balances recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position (Continued)

## Lease liabilities

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current  portion  2,239  1,353  Non-current portion  1,761  33  4,000  1,386  Lease  liabilities  -  Office  premises  3,683  961  Lease  liabilities  -  Motor  Vehicles  317  425  4,000  1,386   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Depreciation  charge  of  right-of-use  assets:  Building  1,247  1,192  Motor vehicles  247  183  1,494  1,375  Interest  expenses  on  lease  liabilities  97  71   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year were HK$4,682,000 (2021: HK$2,782,000). The total  cash  outflow  for  leases  during  the  year  was  HK$2,068,000  (2021:  HK$1,672,000).

## (c) Lease terms

The  Group  leases  office  premises  and  motor  vehicles.  Rental  contracts  are  typically  made  for  fixed periods  of  2-3  years.  Lease  terms  are  negotiated  on  individual  basis  and  contain  a  wide  range  of different  terms  and  conditions.  The  lease  arrangements  do  not  impose  any  covenants,  but  certain lease  liabilities  are  effectively  secured  as  the  right  to  the  leased  assets  revert  to  the  lessors  in  the event  of  default.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 16 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)

## (d) Extension and termination options

No extension and termination options are included in a number of leases across the Group.

## 17  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade  receivables  (Note  (a))  60,456  47,969  Less:  Loss  allowance  of  trade  receivables  (957)  (1,079)  Net  trade  receivables  59,499  46,890  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables:  - Advances to subcontractors  -  401  - Prepayments  420  -  - Payment in advance  964  792  Deposits  and  other  receivables  (Note  (b))  25,506  21,950  Less:  Loss  allowance  of  other  receivables  (1,189)  (1,129)  Net  deposits  and  other  receivables  24,317  20,821  25,701  22,014  Non-current portion:  Rental  deposit  (150)  -  Current portion  85,050  68,904   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group does not hold any collateral over the above balances.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 17  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

## (a) Trade receivables

The  Group  normally  grants  credit  terms  to  its  customers  ranging  from  30  to  45  days.  The  ageing analysis  of  the  trade  receivables  based  on  invoice  date  is  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within  90  days  27,811  6,499  91 to  180  days  8,637  4,455  181 to 365 days  13,185  5,910  1  to  2  years  7,635  9,596  Over 2 years  2,231  20,430  59,499  46,890   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement in the allowance for impairment of trade receivables is set out below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  the  beginning  of  the  year  1,079  1,249  Reversal  of  loss  allowance  (122)  (170)  At  the  end  of  the  year  957  1,079   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details  of  the  credit  risks  of  trade  receivables  are  disclosed  in  Note  3.1(b)  to  the  consolidated financial  statements.

## (b) Deposits and other receivables

As at 30 June 2022 and 2021, the gross amount of deposits and other receivables mainly represented receivables from the sales of construction materials of approximately HK$4,491,000 and an deposit paid  for  the  purchase  of  building  materials  of  HK$14,000,000,  respectively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 17  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

## (b) Deposits and other receivables (Continued)

The movement in the allowance for impairment of deposits and other receivables is set out below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  the  beginning  of  the  year  1,129  964  Provision  for  loss  allowance  60  165  At  the  end  of  the  year  1,189  1,129   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details  of  the  credit  risks  of  deposits  and  other  receivables  are  disclosed  in  Note  3.1(b)  to  the consolidated  financial  statements.

The  carrying amounts  of  trade  and  other  receivables approximate  their fair values and  are denominated in HK$ as at 30 June 2022 and 2021.

## 18  CONSIDERATION RECEIVABLE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Consideration  receivable  9,100  9,100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022 and 2021, gross amount of consideration receivables of approximately HK$10,510,000, represented receivables from the disposal of subsidiaries taken place during the year ended 30 June 2019.

Pursuant  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  disposal  agreement  to  dispose  the  100%  equity  interest in  Sino  Kaiser  Limited  (' Sino  Kaiser ')  and  its  55%  indirectly  held  subsidiary  collectively  referred  to  as the  (' Disposal  Group '),  the  purchaser  of  Disposal  Group  shall  execute  a  share  charge  in  favour  of the  Company  to  charge  the  entire  issued  share  of  the  Sino  Kaiser  to  the  Company  as  security  until  the consideration  amount  has  been  fully  settled.

The movement in the allowance for impairment of consideration receivables is set out below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  the  beginning  of  the  year  1,410  -  Provision  for  loss  allowance  -  1,410  At  the  end  of  the  year  1,410  1,410   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 18  CONSIDERATION RECEIVABLE (Continued)

The consideration  receivable  was  fully  settled  in  March  2023.

Details  of  the  credit  risks  of  consideration  receivables  are  disclosed  in  Note  3.1(b)  to  the  consolidated financial  statements.

## 19  LOAN AND INTEREST RECEIVABLE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fixed-rate  loan  and  interest  receivable  11,423  11,801   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022, included in the Group's loan and interest receivable balance is a single debtor with gross  amount  of  HK$11,801,000  (2021:  HK$11,801,000)  which  is  secured  by  listed  shares  held  by  the debtor  (2021:  Same).

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  balance  is  secured,  interest-free,  non-trade  in  nature  and  repayable  on  31 December  2022  (2020:  the  balance  is  secured,  interest-free,  non-trade  in  nature  and  repayable  on  30 June  2022).

The movement in the allowance for impairment of consideration receivables is set out below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  the  beginning  of  the  year  -  -  Provision  for  loss  allowance  378  -  At  the  end  of  the  year  378  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The loan and interest  receivable  were  fully  settled  in  March  2023.

Details of the credit risks of loan and interest receivables are disclosed in Note 3.1(b) to the consolidated financial  statements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 20 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS AND TIME DEPOSITS WITH ORIGINAL MATURITY OVER THREE MONTHS

## (a) Cash and cash equivalents

For  the  purpose  of  presenting  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents comprise the following:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash at banks denominated in HK$  41,829  38,092   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Pledged bank deposits

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fixed  deposits  denominated  in  HK$  1,279  1,274   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  30  June  2022,  pledged  bank  deposits  represent  deposit  pledged  to  a  bank  to  secure performance bonds in respect of a renovation project issued by the Group and are expected to be recovered  in  its  normal  operating  cycle  and  therefore  classified  as  current  asset  (Note  27).  Pledged bank  deposits  carried  fixed  interest  rates  which  range  from  0.40%  to  1.86%  per  annum  (2021: 0.55% to 1.70%).

## (c) Time deposits with original maturity over three months

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fixed  deposits  denominated  in  HK$  15,000  46,500   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  30  June  2022,  time  deposits  carried  a  fixed  interest  rate  at  1.15%  per  annum  (2021:  range from 0.25% to 0.7%).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 21  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade  payables  73,504  73,094  Retention  money payables (Note a)  2,488  5,229  Accrued expenses and other payables (Note b)  15,447  17,957  Dividend  payable  to  non-controlling  interests  779  779  92,218  97,059   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) As at 30 June 2022, retention money of approximately HK$166,000 (2021: HK$1,767,000) was expected to be paid or settled  in  more  than  twelve  months  from  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  but  within  its  normal  operating  cycle.
- (b) As  at  30  June  2022,  no  balance  included  in  accrued  expenses  and  other  payables  (2021:  HK$5,321,000)  representing accrued  directors'  emoluments.  The  amount  is  unsecured,  interest-free  and  repayable  on  demand.

The ageing analysis  of  the  trade  payables  based  on  invoice  date  is  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within  90  days  49,784  36,642  91 to  180  days  12,907  12,794  181 to 365 days  7,172  12,155  1  to  2  years  870  9,254  Over 2 years  2,771  2,249  73,504  73,094   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate to their fair values, due to the short-term nature.  The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's  trade  and  other  payables  are  denominated  in  HK$.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 22  LONG SERVICE PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS

The long service  payment  obligations  is  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  beginning  of  the  year  530  499  (Reversal  of)/provision  for  the  year  (264)  31  At  the  end  of  the  year  266  530   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  makes  provision  for  probable  future  long  service  payments  to  employees  in  accordance  with Hong  Kong  Employment  Ordinance.  Pursuant  to  Chapter  10  of  the  Hong  Kong  Employment  Ordinance, the long service payment is to be offset with the accrued benefits derived from the Group's contributions made to MPF Scheme for the employees and subject to a cap of HK$390,000 per employee. The provision represents the management's best estimate of the Group's liability at the end of the reporting period. As at 30 June 2022 and 2021, the amount is calculated based on the principal assumptions stated as below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salary  inflation  rate  2.00%  1.20%  Discount  rate  3.91%  1.30%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23  DEFERRED INCOME TAX

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deferred  income  tax  liabilities:  - To be settled after  one  year  346  429   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 23  DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

The  movements  in  deferred  income  tax  liabilities  in  respect  of  accelerated  tax  depreciation  during  the year  are  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At  the  beginning  of  the  year  429  422  (Credited)/charged  to  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  (Note  11)  (83)  7  At  the  end  of  the  year  346  429   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax loss of approximately HK$32,507,000 (2021: HK$20,712,000).  No  deferred  tax  has  been  recognised  due  to  unpredictability  of  future  profit  streams. Such tax  loss  may  be  carried  forward  indefinitely.

## 24  SHARE CAPITAL

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Authorised  share  capital  of  the  Company:  10,000,000,000 ordinary share of HK$0.002 each  20,000  20,000  Issued  and  fully  paid  share  capital  of  the  Company:  5,594,000,000 ordinary share of HK$0.002 each  11,189  11,189   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 25  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

## (a) Cash (used in)/generated from operations

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss  before  income  tax  (11,232)  (5,983)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  15  336  677  Depreciation  of  right-of-use  assets  16  1,494  1,375  Finance  costs  10  97  71  (Reversal  of)/provision  for  long  service  payment  9  (264)  31  Loss/(gain)  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  51  (11)  Bank interest  income  7  (336)  (448)  Loan interest  income  7  -  (1,111)  Gain on disposal  of  subsidiaries  7  (36)  (142)  Provision  for  impairment  loss  on  financial  and  contract  assets,  net  of  reversal  654  1,405  Operating loss  before  working  capital  changes  (9,236)  (4,136)  Changes in working capital:  Trade  and  other  receivables  (16,284)  22,085  Contract  assets  3,454  (11,237)  Trade  and  other  payables  (4,784)  (3,374)  Cash (used in)/generated  from  operations  (26,850)  3,338   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 25  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

## (b) Net debt reconciliation

| Liabilities  from financing  activities  Lease liabilities  HK$'000  As at 1 July 2020  276  Changes from financing cash flows:  (1,672)  Repayment of principal and interest  portion  of  lease  liabilities  Total  charges  from  financing  cash  flows  (1,672)  Non-cash movements  - Additions on lease liabilities  2,711  - Interest  expenses  71  As at 30 June 2021 and 1 July 2021  1,386  Changes from financing cash flows:  Repayment of principal and interest  portion  of  lease  liabilities  (2,068)  Total  charges  from  financing  cash  flows  (2,068)  Non-cash movements  - Additions on lease liabilities  4,585  - Interest  expenses  97  4,682  As at 30 June 2022  4,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 25  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

## (c) Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Net  book  value  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  disposed  702  903  (Loss)/gain  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  (51)  11  Proceeds  from  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  651  914   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

## Contingent liabilities  in  respect  of  legal  claims

A  subsidiary  of  the  Group  is  defendant  in  a  number  of  claims,  lawsuits  and  potential  claims  relating  to employees'  compensation  cases  and  personal  injuries  claims.  No  provision  for  the  contingent  liabilities  in respect of the litigations is necessary, after due consideration of each case and with reference to the legal advice,  historical  records  and  an  outflow  of  economic  benefits  is  not  probable.

## 27  GUARANTEE ISSUED

At the end of the reporting period, the Group had provided guarantees to banks in respect of the following:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Performance bonds in favor of its  clients  1,250  1,250   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022, the amounts of approximately HK$1,250,000 (2021: HK$1,250,000) of performance bonds  were  given  by  bank  in  favour  of  some  of  the  Group's  customers  as  security  for  the  performance and  observance  of  the  Group's  obligations  under  the  service  contracts  entered  into  between  the  Group and  its  customers.  If  the  Group  fails  to  provide  satisfactory  performance  to  its  customers  to  whom performance bonds have been given, such customers may demand the banks to pay to them the sum or sums stipulated in such demand. The Group will then become liable to compensate such banks accordingly. The performance bonds will be released upon completion of the contract work for the relevant customers.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 28 DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

## For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022

On  28  April  2022,  the  Group  agrees  to  dispose  of  the  100%  equity  interests  in  China  Supply  Chain International Group Limited (' CSC International ') to an independent third party for a cash consideration of  HK$30,000.

CSC  International  was  inactive  during  the  year  and  the  disposal  has  had  no  significant  impact  to  the Group. The net liabilities  of  CSC  International  at  the  date  of  disposal  were  as  follows:

Analysis  of  assets  and  liabilities  over  which  control  was  lost:

| 28 April  2022  HK$'000  Trade  and  other  receivables  50  Cash and cash equivalents  1  Trade  and  other  payables  (57)  (6)  HK$'000  Gain on disposal  of  a  subsidiary  Consideration  received  and  receivable  30  Net  liabilities  disposed  of  6  36   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The gain on disposal  is  included  in  other  income  and  gains  (Note  7).

| HK$'000  Net  cash  outflow  arising  on  disposal:  Cash consideration  30  Less:  Cash  and  cash  equivalents  disposed  of  (1)  29   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 28 DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

## For  the  year  ended  30  June  2021

On  31  May  2021,  the  Group  agrees  to  dispose  of  the  100%  equity  interests  in  Shenzhen  Zhonghui Industrial Development Company Limited* 深圳市眾匯產業發展有限公司 (' Zhonghui ') to an independent third  party  for  a  cash  consideration  of  HK$50,000.

Zhonghui was inactive during the year and the disposal has had no significant impact to the Group. The net  liabilities  of  Zhonghui  at  the  date  of  disposal  were  as  follows:

Analysis  of  assets  and  liabilities  over  which  control  was  lost:

| 31 May 2021  HK$'000  Trade  and  other  receivables  9  Cash and cash equivalents  19  Trade  and  other  payables  (122)  Exchange reserve  2  (92)  HK$'000  Gain on disposal  of  a  subsidiary  Consideration  received  and  receivable  50  Net  liabilities  disposed  of  92  142  The gain on disposal  is  included  in  other  income  and  gains  (Note  7).  HK$'000  Net  cash  outflow  arising  on  disposal:  Cash consideration  50  Less:  Cash  and  cash  equivalents  disposed  of  (19)  31   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The English  name  is  for  identification  purpose  only.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 29  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## (a) Key management compensation

The executive directors of the Company and an operating subsidiary are regarded as key management. Details  of  the  key  management  compensation  were  as  follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fees  283  528  Wages, salaries  and  other  benefits  1,581  4,772  Retirement  fund  contributions  26  62  1,890  5,362   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Transactions and balance with related parties

Other  than  those  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Group  had  the significant  transactions  with  related  parties  during  the  year:

## Transactions with related parties

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Related  parties  transactions  Consultancy fee charged by the related companies*:  - Handmade Company Limited  3,925  1,943  - Base Win Engineering Limited  3,925  1,943  - Group Bridge Investment Limited  3,925  1,943  Subcontracting  fee  charged  by  the  related  companies*:  - Base Win Engineering Limited  2,127  2,390  - Good Enjoyment Limited  40,051  65,742   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The  above  mentioned  transactions  were  conducted  in  the  normal  course  of  business  and  were  charged  at  terms determined and agreed by the Group and the relevant parties.

## Balance with a related party

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Balance  with  related  company*  included  in  trade  payables  - Good Enjoyment Limited  6,099  20,557  As at 30 June 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the balance with a related company included in  trade  payables  was  unsecured,  interest-free,  and  on  normal  commercial  credit  terms.  *  All  the  above  companies  were  directly  owned  by  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group,  the  directors  of  an  operating  subsidiary  of  the  Group.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 30 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

## (a) Statement of financial position of the Company

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property,  plant  and  equipment  602  -  Right-of-use  assets  1,726  -  Investment  in  subsidiaries  9,790  9,790  Amounts due from subsidiaries  50,534  10,299  62,652  20,089  Current assets  Other receivables  3,917  1,722  Consideration  receivable  9,100  9,100  Cash and cash equivalents  4,111  24  17,128  10,846  Total  assets  79,780  30,935  EQUITY  Share  capital  24  11,189  11,189  Reserve  30(b)  9,645  5,772  Total  equity  20,834  16,961   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the year   ended 30  June   2022

## 30 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

## (a) Statement of financial position of the Company (Continued)

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Lease  liabilities  731  -  Current liabilities  Other payables and accruals  6,805  13,659  Amounts due to subsidiaries  50,390  315  Lease  liabilities  1,020  -  58,215  13,974  Total  liabilities  58,946  13,974  Total  equity  and  liabilities  79,780  30,935   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  statement  of  financial  position  of  the  Company  was  approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors  on  3 April  2023  and  was  signed  on  its  behalf.

MA Huijun Director

LAI  Aizhong Director

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For  the  year  ended  30  June   2022

## 30 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

## (b) Reserve movement of the Company

| Share premium  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 July 2020  77,790  (59,086)  18,704  Loss  and  total  comprehensive  loss  for  the  year  -  (12,932)  (12,932)  Balances as at 30 June 2021,  1  July  2021  77,790  (72,018)  5,772  Profit  and  total  comprehensive  income for the year  -  3,873  3,873  Balance as at 30 June 2022  77,790  (68,145)  9,645   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Other that those disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no significant subsequent significant  events  after  the  reporting  date.

## GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY

| For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  (Restated)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  297,564  319,330  380,505  415,529  443,556  Cost  of  sales  (285,826)  (298,102)  (362,382)  (384,558)  (401,852)  Gross profit  11,738  21,228  18,123  30,971  41,704  Other income  6,040  5,022  3,373  1,839  2,021  Provision  for  impairment  loss  on  financial  and  contract  assets  (654)  (1,405)  -  -  -  Operating expenses  (28,259)  (30,757)  (36,043)  (41,321)  (37,715)  Finance  costs  (97)  (71)  -  -  -  (Loss)  profit  before  taxation  (11,232)  (5,983)  (14,547)  (8,511)  6,010  Income tax credit  (expense)  83  (7)  38  (742)  (2,841)  (Loss)  profit  for  the  year  from  continuing operations  (11,149)  (5,990)  (14,509)  (9,253)  3,169  Discontinued operation  (Loss)  profit  for  the  year  from  discontinued operation  -  -  -  (9,185)  4,244  (Loss)  profit  for  the  year  (11,149)  (5,990)  (14,509)  (18,438)  7,413  Assets and liabilities  Non-current assets  7,109  4,181  4,285  16,894  103,935  Current  assets  223,006  239,657  247,891  214,171  331,235  Current  liabilities  (94,457)  (98,412)  (100,831)  (67,785)  (221,063)  Total  assets  less  current  liabilities  135,658  145,426  151,345  163,280  214,107  Non-current liabilities  (2,373)  (992)  (921)  (888)  (10,753)  Net assets  133,285  144,434  150,424  162,392  203,354  Capital  and  reserves  Share  capital  11,189  11,189  11,189  11,189  11,189  Reserves  121,495  132,599  138,616  150,568  162,662  Non-controlling  interests  601  646  619  635  29,503  Total  equity  133,285  144,434  150,424  162,392  203,354   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|