<!-- image -->

## Chinney Alliance Group Limited

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

Stock Code

385

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL REPORT 2 0 2 2

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

| Corporate Information  2  Notice of Annual General Meeting  4  Chairman's Statement  9  Biographies of Directors and Senior Management  15  Corporate Governance Report  20  Report of the Directors  31  Independent Auditor's Report  40  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss  47  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  48  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  49  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  51  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  53  Notes to the Financial Statements  55  Particulars of Property  148   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

James Sai-Wing WONG (Chairman) Yuen-Keung CHAN (Vice Chairman and Managing Director) James Sing-Wai WONG Philip Bing-Lun LAM

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Chi-Chiu WU Ronald James BLAKE Anthony King-Yan TONG Dee-Dee CHAN

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Anthony King-Yan TONG (Chairman) Chi-Chiu WU Ronald James BLAKE

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Chi-Chiu WU (Chairman) Anthony King-Yan TONG Yuen-Keung CHAN

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Dee-Dee CHAN (Chairman) Ronald James BLAKE Anthony King-Yan TONG James Sing-Wai WONG Philip Bing-Lun LAM

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Yun-Sang LO

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited The Bank of East Asia, Limited Hang Seng Bank Limited Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited

## AUDITOR

Ernst &amp; Young Certified Public Accountants Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor 27/F, One Taikoo Place 979 King's Road Quarry Bay Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Ocorian Management (Bermuda) Limited Victoria Place, 5th Floor 31 Victoria Street Hamilton HM 10 Bermuda

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Tengis Limited 17/F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Clarendon House 2 Church Street Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

23rd Floor Wing On Centre 111 Connaught Road Central Hong Kong

## STOCK CODE

SEHK 00385

## BUSINESS ADDRESSES AND CONTACTS

## Chinney Alliance Group Limited

23rd Floor Wing On Centre 111 Connaught Road Central Hong Kong

Tel

: (852) 2877-3307

Fax

: (852) 2877-2035

Website : http://chinneyalliancegroup.etnet.com.hk

E-mail

: general@chinneyhonkwok.com

## Kin Wing Engineering Company Limited Kin Wing Foundations Limited

Block A&amp;B, 9th Floor Hong Kong Spinners Industrial Building, Phase VI 481-483 Castle Peak Road Kowloon Hong Kong

Tel

: (852) 2415-6509

Fax

: (852) 2490-0173

Website : http://www.kinwing.com.hk

E-mail

: kwecoltd@kinwing.com.hk

## Shun Cheong Electrical Engineering Company Limited Westco Airconditioning Limited

Block C, 9th Floor Hong Kong Spinners Industrial Building, Phase VI 481-483 Castle Peak Road Kowloon Hong Kong

Tel

: (852) 2426-3123

Fax

: (852) 2481-3463

Website : http://www.shuncheonggroup.com

E-mail

: general@scee.com.hk

## Westco Chinney Limited

Block C, 9th Floor Hong Kong Spinners Industrial Building, Phase VI 481-483 Castle Peak Road Kowloon Hong Kong

Tel

: (852) 2362-4301

Fax

: (852) 2412-1706

E-mail

: general@scee.com.hk

## Chinney Construction Company, Limited

Block A&amp;B, 9th Floor Hong Kong Spinners Industrial Building, Phase VI 481-483 Castle Peak Road Kowloon Hong Kong

Tel

: (852) 2371-0100

Fax

: (852) 2411-1402

Website: http://www.chinneyconstruction.com.hk

E-mail

: chinney@chinney.com.hk

## DrilTech Ground Engineering Limited DrilTech Geotechnical Engineering Limited

Block A&amp;B, 8th Floor Hong Kong Spinners Industrial Building, Phase VI 481-483 Castle Peak Road Kowloon Hong Kong

Tel

: (852) 2371-0008

Fax

: (852) 2744-1037

Website : http://www.driltech.com.hk

E-mail

: driltech@driltech.com.hk

## Jacobson van den Berg (Hong Kong) Limited

Flat A, 7th Floor Cheung Lung Industrial Building 10 Cheung Yee Street Kowloon Hong Kong

Tel

: (852) 2828-9328

Fax

: (852) 2828-9408

Website : http://www.jvdb.com

E-mail

: info@jvdb.com

## Chinney Alliance Engineering Limited

Flat 907-908, 9th Floor Tower 2, Cheung Sha Wan Plaza 833 Cheung Sha Wan Road Kowloon Hong Kong

Tel

: (852) 2563-6128

Fax

: (852) 2960-1013

Website : http://www.chinney-eng.com

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

Tel

: (852) 2563-6128

Fax

: (852) 2960-1013

Website : http://www.chinney-eng.com

E-mail

: focal@chinney-eng.com

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting ('AGM') of Chinney Alliance Group Limited (the  'Company', collectively  with  its  subsidiaries,  the  'Group')  will  be  held  on  Friday,  2  June  2023  at 11:30 a.m. at Artyzen Club, 401A, 4/F Shun Tak Centre (near China Merchants Tower), 200 Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong for the following purposes:

1. To  receive  and  consider  the  audited  financial  statements  of  the  Company  for  the  year  ended 31 December 2022 together with the reports of the directors and the independent auditor thereon.
2. To declare a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022.
3. To re-elect directors and to authorise the board of directors to fix the directors' remuneration.
4. To re-appoint auditor and to authorise the board of directors to fix their remuneration.
5. To consider as special business and, if thought fit, pass with or without amendments the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

## ORDINARY RESOLUTION

## ' THAT :

- (a) subject  to  paragraph  (c)  below,  a  general  mandate  be  and  is  hereby  unconditionally  granted  to the  directors  of  the  Company  to  exercise  during  the  Relevant  Period  (as  hereinafter  defined)  of all the powers of the Company to allot, issue and deal with additional shares in the capital of the Company and to make or grant offers, agreements and options which would or might require the exercise of such powers;
- (b) the  mandate  in  paragraph  (a)  above  shall  authorise  the  directors  of  the  Company  during  the Relevant Period to make or grant offers, agreements and options which would or might require the exercise of such powers after the end of the Relevant Period;
- (c) the aggregate nominal amount of share capital allotted or agreed conditionally or unconditionally to  be  allotted  (whether  pursuant  to  an  option  or  otherwise)  and  issued  by  the  directors  of  the Company  pursuant  to  the  mandate  in  paragraph  (a)  above,  otherwise  than  pursuant  to  (i)  a Rights Issue (as hereinafter defined); or (ii) an issue of shares under any option scheme or similar arrangement for the time being adopted and approved by the shareholders of the Company for the grant or issue to officers and/or employees of the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries of shares or rights to acquire shares of the Company; or (iii) an issue of shares as scrip dividends or similar arrangement  providing  for  the  allotment  of  shares  in  lieu  of  the  whole  or  part  of  a  dividend  on shares of the Company in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company; or (iv) a specific authority granted by the shareholders of the Company in general meeting, shall not exceed twenty per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the issued share capital of the Company at the date of passing this Resolution, and the said mandate shall be limited accordingly; and

Hong Kong, 27 April 2023

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (d) for the purpose of this Resolution,

'Relevant  Period'  means  the  period  from  the  passing  of  this  Resolution  until  whichever  is  the earlier of:

- (i) the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company;
- (ii) the expiration of the period within which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by the Bye-laws of the Company or any applicable laws to be held; or
- (iii) the  date  of  the  passing  of  an  ordinary  resolution  by  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  in general meeting revoking or varying the authority given to the directors of the Company by this Resolution.

'Rights Issue' means an offer of shares in the Company, or an offer of warrants, options or other securities  giving  rights  to  subscribe  for  shares,  open  for  a  period  fixed  by  the  directors  of  the Company to the holders of shares of the Company on the register of members of the Company on a fixed record date in proportion to their then holdings of such shares as at that date (subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors of the Company, after making enquiry, may deem necessary or expedient in relation to fractional entitlements or having regard to any legal restrictions  under  the  laws  of  the  relevant  place,  or  the  requirements  of  the  relevant  regulatory body or any stock exchange in that place).'

By Order of the Board Yun-Sang Lo Company Secretary

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Notes :

- (1) A  shareholder  entitled  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  AGM  (and  at  any  adjournment  thereof)  is  entitled  to appoint another person as his proxy to attend and vote instead of the shareholder. The proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.
- (2) In  order  to  be  valid,  a  form  of  proxy  in  the  prescribed  form,  together  with  the  power  of  attorney  or  other authority (if any) under which it is signed or a certified copy of that power of attorney or other authority must be  completed,  signed  and  deposited  with  the  Company's  Hong  Kong  branch  share  registrar,  Tricor  Tengis Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, not later than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM (and at any adjournment thereof).
- (3) Where there are joint registered holders of any shares, any one of such joint holders may vote at the AGM (and at any adjournment thereof), either in person or by proxy, in respect of such shares as if he was solely entitled thereto, but if more than one of such joint holders be present at the meeting, the vote of the senior who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and for this purpose seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the register of members of the Company in respect of the joint holding.
- (4) Pursuant  to  Rule  13.39(4)  of  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong Kong  Limited  (the  'Listing  Rules'),  any  vote  of  shareholders  at  a  general  meeting  must  be  taken  by  poll and  the  Company  must  announce  the  results  of  the  poll  in  the  manner  prescribed  under  Rule  13.39(5)  of the  Listing  Rules.  The  chairman  of  the  meeting  will  therefore  put  each  of  the  resolutions  to  be  proposed at  the  AGM  to  be  voted  by  way  of  a  poll  pursuant  to  the  Bye-laws  of  the  Company  (the  'Bye-laws').  An announcement will be made by the Company following the conclusion of the AGM to inform the results of the AGM.
- (5) With  regard  to  resolution  3  in  this  notice,  Mr.  Philip  Bing-Lun  Lam  ('Mr.  Lam')  and  Mr.  Chi-Chiu  Wu ('Mr. Wu') will retire by rotation at the AGM in accordance with bye-law 85 of the Bye-laws. Both Mr. Lam and Mr. Wu, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.
- (6) Details of the directors who stand for re-election at the AGM are set out below:-

## Philip Bing-Lun Lam

Aged  80,  was  appointed  as  an  executive  director  of  the  Company  in  August  2012.  He  is  a  director  of Shun  Cheong  Electrical  Engineering  Company  Limited  and  Chinney  Construction  Company,  Limited,  both being major subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Lam began his career in 1963 with Hang Seng Bank Limited for eleven years, and then joined The University of Hong Kong ('HKU') in 1975 as an Assistant Finance Director. He then worked as the Chief Accountant and Comptroller in Overseas Bank (Canada) in Vancouver for three years  from  1982  to  1985.  In  December  1985,  Mr.  Lam  re-joined  HKU  and  had  served  as  the  Director  of Finance from 1990 until his retirement on 30 June 2012. He was then asked by the Vice-Chancellor of HKU to be his Senior Advisor for financial, investment and fund-raising matters until June 2014, and had been the Honorary Advisor to the Chairman of The University of Hong Kong Foundation for Educational Development and Research until end of 2019.

Mr.  Lam  obtained  a  diploma  in  management  studies  from  the  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic  (now  known  as the  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic  University)  in  1974.  He  is  a  fellow  of  The  Chartered  Institute  of  Management Accountants (UK), the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and an associate of The Certified Management  Accountants  (Canada),  The  Chartered  Governance  Institute  (UK)  (formerly  The  Institute  of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (UK)) and The Chartered Institute of Bankers (UK).

## Notes : (continued)

## (6) (continued)

## Philip Bing-Lun Lam (continued)

Mr. Lam is active in community affairs and had served as a member on the Board of Review (Inland Revenue Ordinance) Hong Kong for three years from 1995 to 1998. He had been a member of the Establishment and Finance  Committee  of  the  Prince  Philip  Dental  Hospital  from  early  1990s  until  his  retirement  in  June  2012. Currently he is a member of the Board of Governors of the Canadian International School of Hong Kong, and a member of the Board of Governors of the Centennial College, a subsidiary of HKU.

Mr. Lam is an executive director of Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited (stock code: 1556, 'Chinney Kin Wing') and  Hon  Kwok  Land  Investment  Company,  Limited  (stock  code:  160,  'Hon  Kwok').  Chinney  Kin  Wing  and Hon Kwok are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange'). He  had  been  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Oriental  University  City  Holdings  (H.K.)  Limited (stock code: 8067) from December 2014 to December 2021, which is listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange.

Mr.  Lam  does  not  have  any  interests  in  the  shares  of  the  Company  within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of Laws of Hong Kong) (the 'SFO'). Save as disclosed above, Mr. Lam does not hold any other positions in the Company or any members of the Group, and did not hold any directorships  in  any  listed  public  companies  in  the  past  three  years.  He  does  not  have  any  relationships with any directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

There is no service contract of fixed term entered into between the Company and Mr. Lam. His directorship is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the Company's annual general meeting in accordance with the Bye-laws. Mr. Lam has an employment contract with the Company which is terminable by either party by serving to another party six months' advance written notice. He is entitled to an annual salary and allowances of  HK$2,421,900  which  has  been  fixed  by  reference  to  his  position,  his  level  of  responsibilities  and  the remuneration policy of the Group. In addition, he is also entitled to a discretionary bonus to be determined by the board of directors of the Company (the 'Board') and other employment benefits provided by the Group to all eligible staff.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  there  is  no  information  to  be  disclosed  pursuant  to  Rules  13.51(2)(h)  to  (v)  of  the Listing Rules, nor any other matters and information need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company or required to be disclosed pursuant to any of the requirements of the Listing Rules in respect of Mr. Lam.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Notes : (continued)

- (6) (continued)

## Chi-Chiu Wu

Aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company in March 2012. Mr. Wu had been a director and the chief executive officer of Golden Glory Group Pte. Ltd. since 12 September 2013, until  he  resigned  on  15  February  2019,  a  company  incorporated  in  Singapore  as  the  holding  company  to develop and operate mixed-use properties in Myanmar, comprising residential, commercial, retail, hotel, and industrial  township.  He  had  been  an  executive  director  of  China  Motion  Telecom  International  Limited (stock code: 989, now known as Hua Yin International Holdings Limited), a company listed on the Main Board of  the  Stock  Exchange,  since  9  February  2006  and  the  vice  chairman  and  the  chief  executive  officer  of  that company since 6 March 2006, until he resigned on 31 March 2013. Mr. Wu holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Toronto, Canada.

Mr. Wu does not have any interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO. Save as disclosed above, Mr. Wu does not hold any other positions in the Company or any members of the Group, and did not hold any directorships in any listed public companies in the past three years. He does not have any relationships with any directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.

There is currently no service contract between the Company and Mr. Wu and he is not appointed for a specific term  but  is  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  and  re-election  at  the  Company's  annual  general  meeting  in accordance with the Bye-laws. Mr. Wu is entitled to a director's fee of HK$320,000 per annum which is based on the Company's remuneration policy adopted for independent non-executive directors of the Company.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  there  is  no  information  to  be  disclosed  pursuant  to  Rules  13.51(2)(h)  to  (v)  of  the Listing Rules, nor any other matters and information need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company or required to be disclosed pursuant to any of the requirements of the Listing Rules in respect of Mr. Wu.

- (7) At  the  date  hereof,  the  Board  comprises  of  eight  directors,  of  which  four  are  executive  directors,  namely Dr.  James  Sai-Wing  Wong,  Mr.  Yuen-Keung  Chan,  Mr.  James  Sing-Wai  Wong  and  Mr.  Philip  Bing-Lun  Lam; and  four  are  independent  non-executive  directors,  namely  Mr.  Chi-Chiu  Wu,  Mr.  Ronald  James  Blake, Mr. Anthony King-Yan Tong and Ms. Dee-Dee Chan.

## RESULTS

Chinney  Alliance  Group  Limited  (the  'Company',  together  with  its  subsidiaries,  the  'Group') recorded  revenues  of  HK$5,898  million  (2021:  HK$6,800  million),  and  a  net  profit  of  HK$14.3  million (2021:  HK$94.4  million).  The  loss  attributable  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  was  HK$10.2  million (2021:  profit  of  HK$77.4  million).  The  Group  recorded  revenue  declines  from  all  segments  and  gross profits dropped by 12%, which included a non-cash and unrealised write-down of property held for sale under development of HK$36.0 million, reflecting Hong Kong residential property market's current status. The  prolonged  construction  periods  during  the  three  years'  pandemic  period  eroded  profit  margins  in our Building Construction segment and Building Services segment. At the same time, pandemic related charges increased overheads. On the other hand, an uptick in new government projects improved gross margins  in  our  Foundation  subsidiaries  and  set-off  part  of  the  overall  decrease  in  gross  profits.  The downturn of the property market in China last year also led to valuation decreases in properties located on the Mainland held for own use and investment properties, with an aggregate deficit of HK$7.5 million charged against profits.

## PROPOSED FINAL DIVIDEND

The  Board  recommends the payment of a final dividend of  HK2.50  cents  per  share  for  the  year  ended 31 December 2022 (2021: HK2.75 cents) to the shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the Company's register of members on 14 June 2023. It is expected that the final dividend cheques will be despatched to the shareholders of the Company on or before 5 July 2023.

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS FOR ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  (the  'AGM')  is  scheduled  to  be  held  on  2  June  2023. For  determining  the  entitlement  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  AGM,  the  register  of  members  of  the Company  will  be  closed  from  30  May  2023  to  2  June  2023  (both  days  inclusive),  during  which period  no  share  transfers  will  be  registered.  In  order  to  be  eligible  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  AGM,  all transfer  forms  accompanied  by  relevant  share  certificates  must  be  lodged  with  Tricor  Tengis  Limited  at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong by no later than 4:30 p.m. on 29 May 2023.

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS FOR DIVIDEND

The  proposed  final  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  is  subject  to  the  approval  by  the shareholders  of  the  Company  at  the  AGM.  For  determining  the  entitlement  to  the  proposed  final dividend,  the  register  of  members  of  the  Company  will  be  closed  from  9  June  2023  to  14  June  2023 (both days inclusive), during which period no share transfers will be registered. The last day for dealing in the Company's share cum entitlements to the proposed final dividend will be 6 June 2023. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfer forms accompanied by relevant share certificates must be lodged with Tricor Tengis Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong by no later than 4:30 p.m. on 8 June 2023.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

Turning to the results and prospects of our businesses:

## Foundation piling and ground investigation

Chinney  Kin  Wing  Holdings  Limited  ('Chinney  Kin  Wing',  together  with  subsidiaries,  the  'Chinney Kin  Wing  Group')  contributed  revenues  of  HK$1,801  million  (2021:  HK$2,042  million)  and  operating profits of HK$116.2 million (2021: HK$81.7 million). The decrease in revenue was mainly attributable to the  completion  of  certain  sizeable  foundation  contracts  in  the  year  under  review  while  newly  awarded contracts were commenced only in the late half of the year. On the other hand, the gross profit as well as  the  gross  margins  improved  which  were  mainly  due  to  better  prices  for  new  contracts  awarded  as market  players  were  less  keen  to  lower  the  prices  for  tenders  from  the  public  sector  with  complicated site  conditions  and  demanding  technical  requirements.  Besides,  the  adoption  of  alternative  design  for certain foundation contracts and the management's persistent efforts in stringent project cost control also contributed to the improved gross margin. Although administrative expenses increased with the increase in  staff  costs,  the  segment  recorded  satisfactory  increase  in  the  net  profit  for  the  year.  The  segment remained debt free during the year.

As at 31 December 2022, Chinney Kin Wing has 9 and 47 projects in the Foundation division and Drilling division, with contract sums of approximately HK$2,976 million and HK$691 million, respectively.

In  the  past  year,  the  foundation  industry  witnessed  a  remarkable  upswing  in  bidding  projects,  largely due  to  the  Hong  Kong  Government's  efforts  to  develop  the  northern  New  Territories.  In  addition,  the acceleration of construction in public and subsidised housing has played a significant role. Encouragingly, this increase in bidding opportunities came without the need to resort to price-cutting strategies in order to secure contracts.

In  spite  of  the  relatively  optimistic  outlook,  costs  will  continue  to  pose  headwinds.  While  global inflationary  pressures  cause  volatility  in  direct  material  costs,  demand  for  skilled  labour  and  technical personnel  in  the  construction  industry  locally  is  driving  production  cost  pressure  which  together  are cutting  into  our  profit  margins.  Labour  shortage  is  a  constant  challenge  to  the  industry  at  large.  Many of  the  current  workers  are  aging  and  the  younger  generations  are  not  keen  on  developing  a  career in  the  industry.  In  anticipation  of  future  business  demands,  Chinney  Kin  Wing  Group  is  making  a strategic investment in talent development. At the forefront of this initiative was the Chinney Kin Wing Academy launched near the end of 2022. Chinney Kin Wing Academy serves to bolster staff competence by  providing  comprehensive  training  for  new  hires,  sharing  technical  knowledge,  and  fostering  skill development among existing staff under the guidance of department heads. It also seeks to instill a sense of mission in colleagues, encouraging them to contribute to the construction industry and make positive impact on the larger community in Hong Kong. By sharing knowledge and expertise, the management of Chinney Kin Wing hopes to create a culture of achievement that will drive future success.

As we look to the future in 2023, Chinney Kin Wing is committed to optimising the warehouse operations and enhancing information technology capabilities. One of our primary goals is to increase productivity by  minimising  menial  tasks  and  eliminating  unnecessary  processes.  To  achieve  this,  we  are  stepping  up investing  in  advanced  technologies  and  developing  our  information  technology  workforce  to  further streamline our operations and increase project efficiency.

## BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS (continued)

## Foundation piling and ground investigation (continued)

Recognised  with  the  Koden  Test  accreditation  under  The  Hong  Kong  Laboratory  Accreditation  Scheme ('HOKLAS'),  our  subsidiary  DrilTech  is  set  to  elevate  its  field  testing  services  in  the  drilling  industry, bolstered  by  the  application  of  various  categories  of  testing  licenses  under  the  HOKLAS.  Moving forward,  DrilTech  is  gearing  up  to  expand  its  laboratory  testing  business  further  under  the  HOKLAS, which  generates  added  advantage  for  our  business.  Additionally,  DrilTech  is  exploring  new  growth opportunities, with a particular focus on diversifying its service offerings in marine ground investigation, instrumentation  and  field  testing.  These  strategic  moves  are  expected  to  result  in  a  diversified  income stream for DrilTech and increased returns for our shareholders.

With a focus on improving shareholder returns and maintaining a strong market position, Chinney Kin Wing is  shifting  its  focus  towards  identifying  and  leveraging  diverse  opportunities.  To  achieve  sustainable business development and enhance competitiveness, the segment will adopt different tendering strategies and establish long-term relationships with quality customers, while also diversifying their services.

Furthermore, Chinney Kin Wing is in the plan of establishing a headquarters, which will serve as a strong foundation for the long-term growth and success. This move underscores the commitment to creating a stable and reliable base from which to pursue new opportunities and achieve greater heights.

Chinney Kin Wing supports the Government in expediting the implementation of public works projects and remains prudently optimistic about the long-term prospects of the construction market. As one of the most dependable contractors in the foundation industry with an extensive range of specialised machinery and professional team, the management of Chinney Kin Wing is confident to secure more projects and play an instrumental role in the city's landmark projects.

## Trading of plastics and chemical products

Jacobson van den Berg (Hong Kong) Limited and its fellow subsidiaries ('Jacobson') generated revenue of HK$451 million (2021: HK$572 million) and operating profit of HK$7.6 million (2021: HK$25.5 million). In  the  first  half  of  the  year  under  review,  the  segment  managed  to  increase  sale  prices  to  compensate for the increase in raw material prices and logistic costs. However, the sale price and profit margin both dropped in the second half of the year due to changes in international demand. Soaring inflation, rising interest rates, and the continuation of war in Ukraine further affect the recovery of the global economy. Customers  were  cautious  placing  orders  and  maintained  stock  levels  low  to  preserve  liquidity.  On  the other  hand,  the  sales  of  JcoNAT  products  almost  doubled  in  the  year  under  review.  While  all  social distancing and other measures against COVID-19 have been relaxed in Hong Kong since early 2023, the general public are more cautious to personal hygiene from the lessons of the pandemic. So, we expect demand for disinfectant  and  hygiene  products  will  continue,  although  growth  may  not  match  previous levels.  At  the  same  time,  Jacobson  will  seek  growth  by  introducing  more  green  plastic  products  to  our customers and exploring new wellness products to expand our product range.

## BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS (continued)

## Building related contracting services

Shun  Cheong  Engineering  Group  ('Shun  Cheong')  contributed  revenues  of  HK$2,349  million (2021:  HK$2,684  million)  with  operating  profits  of  HK$11.5  million  (2021:  HK$82.0  million)  from  its electrical, HVAC, fire services and pump and drainage businesses. The slow progress of the major projects of  the  segment  caused  by  the  pandemic  led  to  the  decrease  in  revenues.  With  the  delay  in  site  works caused  by  the  pandemic,  the  budgeted  profit  margins  of  certain  projects  were  reduced  to  reflect  the increase  in  site  staff  costs,  logistics  costs  and  overheads.  It  is  anticipated  that  the  site  works  of  certain projects will have to accelerate in 2023 to catch up to expected completion dates. So, while the revenues of  the  segment  would  improve,  under  the  environment  of  rising  skilled  labours  costs,  additional  costs for  acceleration  and  increasing  interest  rate,  the  operating  profit  may  not  improve  proportionately. Shun  Cheong's  management  continues  to  review  and  improve  the  efficiency  of  its  operation  and profitability  of  her  projects.  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  segment  had  outstanding  contract  sums  of approximately HK$4,971 million, with additional HK$408 million worth contracts awarded subsequent to the year-end.

## Building construction

The  Group's  building  construction  segment,  which  consists  of  Chinney  Construction  Company,  Limited ('Chinney  Construction')  and  Chinney  Builders  Company  Limited,  which  operate  in  Hong  Kong,  and Chinney  Timwill  Construction  (Macau)  Company  Limited  ('Chinney  Timwill'),  contributed  revenues of  HK$948  million  (2021:  HK$1,120  million)  and  recorded  an  operating  loss  of  HK$21.4  million (2021:  loss  of  HK$41.5  million).  While  the  segment's  Hong  Kong  operation  managed  to  achieve a  slight  profit,  the  Macau  operation  recorded  a  loss,  which  was  due  to  the  lack  of  new  projects awarded  and  additional  costs  incurred  for  site  works  during  the  second  half  of  the  year. Nevertheless,  with  the  renewal  of  gaming  licenses  in  Macau,  which  requires  the  development of  overseas  tourist  markets  and  non-gaming  projects  by  the  licensees,  and  the  reopening  of  the border,  there  will  be  more  construction  works  in  the  territory  which  will  in  turn  increase the  tender  opportunities  for  Chinney  Timwill  in  Macau.  With  more  projects  awarded  to Chinney  Construction  in  the  second  half  of  2022  and  in  2023,  the  management  of  the Construction  segment  expects  improvement  in  revenues  and  profitability  in  the  coming  years.  As  at 31  December  2022,  the  outstanding  contract  sum  stood  at  approximately  HK$604  million.  There  were new projects worth HK$1,222 million awarded after year-end.

## Aviation business

Our  Aviation  segment  under  Chinney  Alliance  Engineering  Limited  ('CAE')  recorded  revenues  of HK$350 million (2021: HK$382 million) and an operating profit of HK$7.4 million (2021: HK$13.4 million). The  decrease  in  revenue  and  operating  profit  was  mainly  attributable  to  the  slower  than  expected progress of the segment's airport and related projects, as well as the increase in overheads to cope with the increased size of projects on hand. There were new projects awarded after year end and the segment will explore tender opportunities in Hong Kong and Macau to expand the business.

## Other businesses

The  segment  includes  property  held  for  sale  under  development  which  is  located  in  Fanling  near  the railway  station  and  is  still  at  the  planning  stage,  certain  properties  held  for  the  Group's  own  use  and certain investment properties. The losses of the segment were mainly attributable to write-down of the property held for sale under development of HK$36.0 million with the downturn of the local residential property market, as well depreciation and other overheads of the Group's properties held for own use.

## OUTLOOK

With  the  lifting  of  zero-COVID  policies  in  Mainland  China  and  relaxation  of  social  distancing  measures in  Hong  Kong  earlier  this  year,  we  have  now  entered  the  post-pandemic  era.  Yet,  the  recovery  of  the global economy is still hindered by various factors: the war in Ukraine, the hiking inflation rate, the rising interest  rates,  the  collapse  of  several  regional  banks  in  the  US  whose  customers  were  mainly  start-up companies, and most recently the liquidity issue of Credit Suisse. The US Government promptly offered guarantees  for  the  deposits  of  those  collapsed  banks  and  the  Swiss  central  bank  agreed  to  provide financial support to Credit Suisse. The US Federal Reserve is also slowing down the pace of rising interest rates.  Whether  it  would  become  another  financial  crisis  is  yet  to  know  but  there  is  a  dilemma  that the  immediate  measures  to  resolve  the  problems  of  these  banks  helped  to  maintain  the  confidence  of the  market  and  provide  liquidity,  but  the  combat  against  inflation  would  be  prolonged.  The  Eurozone economy remains subdued due to the monetary policies, high inflation and also the war in Ukraine. Under these circumstances, the recovery of the US and the Western economies would be further decelerated in the coming year.

On  the  other  hand,  the  PRC  Government  sets  a  5%  target  of  economy  growth  for  2023,  which  is considered to be achievable by her usual precise monetary policies and the reactivated domestic demand. The consumer market of the Mainland recorded substantial improvement during the Chinese New Year after  the  normalisation  from  anti-pandemic  policies.  With  the  relaxation  of  travel  restrictions,  Hong Kong's consumer market was rebound in this spring.

While Hong Kong's economy recorded a contraction by 3.5% in 2022, the unemployment rate reduced further  to  3.3%  in  December  2022  to  February  2023.  Although  the  recovery  of  advanced  economies remains  soft,  the  growth  of  the  local  economy  will  be  benefited  from  the  growth  momentum  of  the Mainland  and  the  recovery  of  Asian  countries.  We  can  see  more  tourists  and  business  visitors  coming to  Hong  Kong  in  the  first  two  months  of  2023  after  the  further  relaxation  of  travel  restrictions  to Hong Kong. The increase in visitors to Hong Kong is not only improving the consumer market, but also improving the sentiment and confidence of the society. In the coming years, the Hong Kong Government will have substantial investments in infrastructure and land supplies to create strong impetus for growth. The development of the Northern Metropolis and the Kau Yi Chau Artificial Islands will certainly broaden the  business  opportunities  of  the  Group's  construction  related  businesses  and  the  Group  is well-positioned to expand under these circumstances. Our Foundation segment is renewing the machineries fleet  to  enhance  their  capacity.  The  Construction  segment  and  Building  Services  segment  are  actively involved in tenders and new contracts have been awarded after the end of the financial year. With the Government's  vision  to  maintain  Hong  Kong  as  an  international  aviation  hub  and  our  neighborhood Macau's renewal and expansion of the Macau airport, our Aviation segment will expand with the growth. Our Plastic segment will face a difficult time for the traditional plastic and chemical trading business for a while but will continue the development of JcoNAT and other well-being products to enhance her product range. With a satisfactory level of contracts on hand, the Board is cautiously optimistic about the Group's sustained future performance in this post-pandemic era.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## APPRECIATION

I would like to thank my fellow directors for their advice and continued support, and staff of all levels for their hard working and contribution for the success during this unusual year.

I  would  also  thank  you  for  the  support  and  loyalty  of  our  shareholders,  business  partners  and  other stakeholders who are important to our business development and success.

James Sai-Wing Wong Chairman

Hong Kong, 28 March 2023

## BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## James Sai-Wing Wong

Aged  84,  was  appointed  as  an  executive  director  and  the  chairman  of  the  Company  in  1998.  He  is the  chairman  of  Chinney  Investments,  Limited  (stock  code:  216,  'Chinney  Investments'),  a  director  of Lucky Year Finance Limited, Chinney Holdings Limited, Newsworthy Resources Limited, Multi-Investment Group  Limited  and  Enhancement  Investments  Limited  ('EIL'),  all  being  substantial  shareholders  of  the Company, and a director of Chinney Capital Limited which is a shareholder of the Company. He is also the chairman of Hon Kwok Land Investment Company, Limited (stock code: 160, 'Hon Kwok'). Chinney Investments and  Hon  Kwok  are  both  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited (the 'Stock Exchange'). He was appointed a Justice of the Peace for Hong Kong in 1987.

## Yuen-Keung Chan

Aged 68, was appointed as an executive director of the Company in 2007. He was then appointed the vice chairman of the Company in March 2011 and the managing director of the Company in March 2012. He has over forty-five years of experience in the construction industry. He is a member of the Chartered Institute of Building. Mr. Chan is the vice chairman, the managing director and an executive director of Chinney Investments (stock code: 216), being substantial shareholders of the Company, and a director of Kin Wing Engineering Company Limited ('KWE'), Shun Cheong Electrical Engineering Company Limited ('SCEE') and Chinney Construction, all being major subsidiaries of the Company. He is also the chairman and an executive director of Chinney Kin Wing (stock code: 1556). Chinney Investments and Chinney Kin Wing are both listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

## James Sing-Wai Wong

Aged 59, was appointed as an executive director of the Company in August 2010. He graduated from the  University  of  Washington  with  a  Bachelor's  degree  with  honors  in  Economics.  He  also  holds  a  Juris Doctorate  degree  from  the  University  of  California  College  of  the  Law,  San  Francisco  (formerly  known as  University  of  California  San  Francisco,  Hastings  College  of  Law),  and  a  Master's  degree  in  Systems Engineering  and  Information  Systems  from  the  Florida  Institute  of  Technology.  He  is  a  member  of  the California  Bar  as  well  as  a  licensed  California  Real  Estate  Broker.  He  has  accumulated  over  thirty  years of  experience  in  economics,  law,  management  and  information  systems  in  Hong  Kong,  United  States, Canada, the United Kingdom and the Mainland China.

Mr. Wong is the chairman and a director of CAE and Jacobson and a director of Chinney Alliance (China) Limited, Chinney Construction, KWE and SCEE, all being major subsidiaries of the Company.

Mr.  Wong  is  an  executive  director  of  Chinney  Investments  (stock  code:  216),  a  director  of Chinney  Holdings  Limited  and  Lucky  Year  Finance  Limited,  all  being  substantial  shareholders  of  the Company, and a director of Chinney Capital Limited which is a shareholder of the Company. He is also an  executive  director  of  Chinney  Kin  Wing  (stock  code:  1556)  and  Hon  Kwok  (stock  code:  160). Chinney Investments, Hon Kwok and Chinney Kin Wing are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. He is the son of Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong, the chairman and a substantial shareholder of the Company.

## BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (continued)

## Philip Bing-Lun Lam

Aged  80,  was  appointed  as  an  executive  director  of  the  Company  in  August  2012.  He  is  a  director  of SCEE  and  Chinney  Construction,  both  being  major  subsidiaries  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Lam  began  his career  in  1963  with  Hang  Seng  Bank  Limited  for  eleven  years,  and  then  joined  The  University  of  Hong Kong  ('HKU')  in  1975  as  an  Assistant  Finance  Director.  He  then  worked  as  the  Chief  Accountant  and Comptroller in Overseas Bank (Canada) in Vancouver for three years from 1982 to 1985. In December 1985, Mr.  Lam  re-joined  HKU  and  had  served  as  the  Director  of  Finance  from  1990  until  his  retirement on  30  June  2012.  He  was  then  asked  by  the  Vice-Chancellor  of  HKU  to  be  his  Senior  Advisor  for financial, investment and fund-raising matters until June 2014, and had been the Honorary Advisor to the Chairman of The University  of  Hong  Kong  Foundation  for  Educational  Development  and  Research  until end of 2019.

Mr.  Lam  obtained  a  diploma  in  management  studies  from  the  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic  (now  known  as the Hong Kong Polytechnic University) in 1974. He is a fellow of The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants  (UK),  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  and  an  associate  of  The Certified  Management  Accountants  (Canada),  The  Chartered  Governance  Institute  (UK)  (formerly  The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators (UK)) and The Chartered Institute of Bankers (UK).

Mr.  Lam  is  active  in  community  affairs  and  had  served  as  a  member  on  the  Board  of  Review  (Inland Revenue  Ordinance)  Hong  Kong  for  three  years  from  1995  to  1998.  He  had  been  a  member  of  the Establishment  and  Finance  Committee  of  the  Prince  Philip  Dental  Hospital  from  early  1990s  until his  retirement  in  June  2012.  Currently  he  is  a  member  of  the  Board  of  Governors  of  the  Canadian International School of Hong Kong, and a member of the Board of Governors of the Centennial College, a subsidiary of HKU.

Mr. Lam is an executive director of Chinney Kin Wing (stock code: 1556) and Hon Kwok (stock code: 160). Chinney Kin Wing and Hon Kwok are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. He had been an independent non-executive director of Oriental University City Holdings (H.K.) Limited (stock code: 8067) from December 2014 to December 2021, which is listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange.

## BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Chi-Chiu Wu

Aged  59,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the  Company  in  March  2012. Mr.  Wu  had  been  a  director  and  the  chief  executive  officer  of  Golden  Glory  Group  Pte.  Ltd.  since 12  September  2013,  until  he  resigned  on  15  February  2019,  a  company  incorporated  in  Singapore  as the  holding  company  to  develop  and  operate  mixed-use  properties  in  Myanmar,  comprising  residential, commercial,  retail,  hotel,  and  industrial  township.  He  had  been  an  executive  director  of  China  Motion Telecom International Limited (stock code: 989, now known as Hua Yin International Holdings Limited), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, since 9 February 2006 and the vice chairman and the chief executive officer of that company since 6 March 2006, until he resigned on 31 March 2013. Mr. Wu holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Toronto, Canada.

## Ronald James Blake

Aged  88,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the  Company  in  2013.  He retired  from  the  Chief  Officer  of  Kowloon-Canton  Railway  Corporation  ('KCRC')  in  2012,  previously Chief  Executive  Officer.  After  retirement  in  2013,  he  was  appointed  a  Project  Reviewer  to  Hong  Kong Government  for  Kai  Tak  Sports  Park  inclusive  50,000-seat  retractable  roof  stadium  and  to  Ocean  Park Corporation for new Water World project. He was a Senior Director of KCRC since 1997 responsible for KCRC's HK$70 billion expansion programme of railway and stations in tunnel, on viaduct and at grade. Before  joining  KCRC  in  1997,  he  was  Secretary  for  Works  in  the  Hong  Kong  Government  between 1991 and 1995, overseeing the implementation of the Airport  Core  Programme  and  the  harbour  wing extension  of  the  Hong  Kong  Conference  and  Exhibition  Centre.  Before  that,  he  served  with  Paul  Y. Construction Company, Limited and was engaged in civil engineering and building contracting from 1972 onwards. Mr. Blake began his career in the United Kingdom as a civil/structural engineer with Boulton and Paul, and following service with the Corps of Royal Engineers joined Scott Wilson Kirkpatrick &amp; Partners to return to Hong Kong in 1965.

Mr.  Blake  was  qualified  as  a  Chartered  Engineer  in  1960  and  was  awarded  the  Institution  of  Civil Engineers Gold Medal in 1997. He was the President of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers between 1991 and 1992 and later became President of the Federation of Engineering Institutions  of  South  East Asia and the Pacific (FEISEAP), having served as a member of the Executive for three years. He is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers, the Institution of Civil Engineers, The Institution of Structural Engineers, The Chartered Institution of Highways and Transportation, Hong Kong Academy of Engineering Science.

He was a member of Construction Industry Council from 2001 to 2008 and also a member of the Hong Kong  Special  Administrative  Region  Election  Committee  (Engineer  Sub-sector)  from  1998  to  2011. In  January  2013,  he  was  appointed  a  member  to  the  Commission  on  Strategic  Development  of  the Government of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

In recognition of his public services, he was awarded OBE and appointed a Justice of Peace by the Hong Kong Government  in  1996.  He  was  also  awarded  the  Gold  Bauhinia  Star  by  the  Government  of  Hong  Kong Special Administrative Region in 2012.

## BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (continued)

## Anthony King-Yan Tong

Aged  66,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the  Company  in  July  2021. Mr. Tong is a partner and director of Group Talent Global Limited, a company focusing on development of affordable luxury residences in Thailand. Mr. Tong had served 40 years with PricewaterhouseCoopers (the 'Firm') in Hong Kong and San Francisco with closed to 30 years as a partner and served many years on the Hong Kong and China Firm's board of partners. He also founded the US Tax Consulting Group of the Firm in Greater China and led the US Tax practice in Asia Pacific until his retirement as partner in 2017. He has strong experience advising on tax issues relating to cross-border mergers and acquisitions, tax  efficient  financing  structures  and  profit  repatriation,  structuring  of  private  equity  and  venture capital  funds  and  investments.  Mr.  Tong  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Business  Administration  degree  (major  in Accounting) from the University of California, Berkeley and is a US Certified Public Accountant (inactive).

## Dee-Dee Chan

Aged 40, was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company in December 2021. Ms.  Chan  is  a  chief  investment  officer  of  Park  Lane  Capital  Holdings  Limited,  responsible  for  overall asset  allocation,  external  manager  due  diligence  and  selection,  and  all  investment  related  activities  for a  single  family  office  portfolio.  She  has  been  a  director  of  Hotel  ICON  Limited  since  January  2022.  She is  also  a  director  of  Seal  of  Love  Charitable  Foundation,  responsible  for  the  overall  strategic  planning and  execution  for  philanthropic  activities  in  Hong  Kong,  Cambodia,  Thailand  and  Vietnam.  She  was  a vice  president  of  BNP  Paribas  Wealth  Management, specialist in structured equity derivatives. Ms. Chan graduated from Claremont McKenna College with a Bachelor of Arts degree with Honours in French and Politics, Philosophy and Economics, and a Master of Education with Distinction from HKU.

Ms.  Chan  is  currently  a  Court  member  and  an  Institutional  Advancement  and  Outreach  Committee member of The Hong Kong University  of  Science  and  Technology,  and  a  member  of  Grants  Allocation Committee of Fu Tak Iam Foundation Limited. She has been a member of Governing Committee of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University Foundation since April 2022 and a member of the Council of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University since April 2023.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Kwok-Ming Lam

Aged  59,  is  the  managing  director  of  Jacobson  which  is  a  major  subsidiary  of  the  Company  engaged in  trading  of  plastics  and  chemicals.  He  is  a  member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public Accountants and a fellow of the Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  in  England  and  Wales.  He  holds  a Master of Science degree in Electronic Commerce from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Mr. Lam is an independent non-executive director of Cosmos Machinery Enterprises Limited (stock code: 118) which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT (continued)

## Wing-Sang Yu

Aged 62, is an executive director and concurrently serves as the managing director of Chinney Kin Wing (stock code: 1556) which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and a major subsidiary of the Company engaged in foundation piling and site investigation. He has over twenty-five years of experience in  the  foundation  industry  and  is  responsible  for  formulating  corporate  development  and  business strategies,  the  establishment  and  ensuring  compliance  with  Chinney  Kin  Wing  Group's  core  value  and leading and training the core management team of Chinney Kin Wing. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Engineering from HKU and a Master's degree in Arts (Christian Studies) from The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is a corporate member of The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers.

## Kwok-Leung Fung

Aged 63, is the director and general manager of Westco Chinney Limited which is a major subsidiary of the Company engaged in installation of air-conditioning systems. He has over thirty years of experience in the field of mechanical engineering. He is a member of American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-conditioning Engineers and Australian Institute of Refrigeration, Air-conditioning and Heating.

## Kwok-Keung Wong

Aged 64, is the managing director of CAE, a major subsidiary of the Company engaged in the distribution of  aviation  system  and  other  hi-tech  products.  He  has  over  thirty  years  of  experience  in  marketing  of communication and electronic equipment, especially  aviation  equipment.  He  holds  a  Higher  Diploma  in Marine Electronics from the Hong Kong Polytechnic (now known as the Hong Kong Polytechnic University) and a Master's degree in Business  from  The  University  of  Newcastle,  Australia.  He  is  a  member  of  The Hong Kong Management Association.

## Hin-Kwong So

Aged 65, is an executive director and concurrently serves as the general manager of Chinney Kin Wing (stock code: 1556) which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and a major subsidiary of the Company engaged in foundation piling and site investigation. Mr. So is the Head of the Execution Panel of  Chinney  Kin  Wing  and  responsible  for  the  overall  management  and  supervision  of  the  operations  of Chinney Kin Wing. Mr. So has over thirty years of experience in site supervision, project management and tendering in various types of foundation, substructure and site formation projects. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering from the National Cheng Kung University.

## Chi-Kin Chan

Aged  67,  is  a  director  of  Shun  Cheong  Engineering  Group  Limited  and  its  major  subsidiaries,  and  a director  and  general  manager  of  SCEE,  which  are  engaged  in  building  related  contracting  services businesses  of  the  Group.  He  has  over  forty  years  of  experience  in  building  services  industry.  Mr.  Chan holds a Higher Diploma in Mechanical Engineering from the Hong Kong Polytechnic (now known as the Hong Kong Polytechnic University). He is a council member of the Association of Registered Fire Service Installation Contractors of Hong Kong Limited.

## Yun-Sang Lo

Aged  57,  is  the  company  secretary  and  financial  controller  of  the  Company.  He  has  thirty-four  years of  experience  in  the  accounting  field.  He  holds  a  Bachelor's  degree  in  Business  Administration  from The Chinese University of Hong Kong and is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company is committed to achieving the standards of corporate conduct and to place importance on its  corporate governance systems so as to ensure greater transparency, accountability and protection of shareholders' interests.

This  report  describes  the  Company's  corporate  governance  practices  and  structures  that  were  in  place during  the  financial  year,  with  specific  reference  to  the  principles  and  guidelines  of  the  Corporate Governance  Code  (the  'CG  Code')  as  set  out  in  Appendix  14  of  the  Listing  Rules.  In  developing  and reviewing its corporate governance policies and practices, the Company has sought to adopt a balanced approach.

Throughout  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  in  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the  Company (the 'Directors'), the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions of the CG Code, except B.2.2 and C.5.1, which are explained in this report.

## CORPORATE CULTURE

A  positive  and  progressive  corporate  culture  across  the  Group  is  vital  for  the  Company  to  achieve  its purpose towards the sustainable growth. It is the role of the Board to foster the Group's corporate culture with  the  core  principles  of  integrity  and  accountability  to  guide  the  behaviours  of  its  employees  and ensure that the Company's purpose, values and business strategies are aligned to it.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

The  Board  believes  that  a  well-balanced  corporate  governance  structure  will  enable  the  Company  to better  manage  its  business  risks  and  thereby  ensure  the  Company  is  run  in  the  best  interests  of  its shareholders and other stakeholders. The Board is primarily responsible for setting directions, formulating strategies,  monitoring  performance  and  managing  risks  of  the  Group.  At  the  same  time,  it  is  also charged with the duty to enhance the effectiveness of the corporate governance practices of the Group. Under  the  Board,  there  are  currently  three  board  committees,  namely  Audit  Committee,  Remuneration Committee  and  Nomination  Committee.  All  the  committees  perform  their  distinct  roles  in  accordance with their respective terms of reference and assist the Board in supervising certain functions of the senior management.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Members of the Board are collectively responsible for overseeing the business and affairs of the Group that aims to enhancing the Company's value for stakeholders. Roles of the Board include reviewing and guiding corporate strategies and policies; monitoring financial and operating performance; ensuring the integrity  of  the  Group's  accounting  and  financial  reporting  systems;  and  setting  appropriate  policies  in managing risks of the Group while the day-to-day management is delegated to the executive Directors. The  biographical  details  of  the  Directors  are  set  out  in  the  'Biographies  of  Directors  and  Senior Management' on pages 15 to 19 of this Annual Report.

The Board currently comprises of four executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors. The Directors during the financial year and up to the date of the report are set out on page 35 of this Annual Report and are currently as follows:

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)

## Name of Director

## Executive Directors

Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong (Chairman)

Mr. Yuen-Keung Chan (Vice Chairman and Managing Director)

Mr. James Sing-Wai Wong

Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Chi-Chiu Wu

Mr. Ronald James Blake

Mr. Anthony King-Yan Tong

Ms. Dee-Dee Chan

Independent  non-executive  Directors  serve  the  relevant  function  of  bringing  independent  judgment  on the development, performance and risk management of the Group through their contributions in board meetings.

The  Board  considers  that  each  independent  non-executive  Director  is  independent  in  character  and judgment.  The  Company  has  received  from  each  independent  non-executive  Director  a  written confirmation of his/her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

Board meetings of the Company were held twice during the year on a regular basis, which deviated from code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code which stipulates that the Board should meet regularly and board meetings should be held at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals.

In view of the simplicity of the Group's businesses, regular board meetings have not been held quarterly during the year. The interim and annual results together with all corporate transactions happened during the year have been reviewed and discussed amongst the Directors at the full board meetings held in the year.

Draft  minutes  of  board  meetings  are  circulated  to  Directors  for  comments  and  the  signed  minutes  are kept by the Company Secretary.

In  order  to  safeguard  the  interest  of  individual  Director,  the  Company  has  also  arranged  directors'  and officers' liability insurance for the Directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong, Chairman of the Company, is responsible for the management of the Board. Mr.  Yuen-Keung  Chan  is  the  Vice  Chairman  and  Managing  Director  of  the  Company.  Each  division of  the  Group's  business  namely  Jacobson,  CAE,  Chinney  Kin  Wing  Group,  Chinney  Construction  and Shun Cheong is managed by its divisional managing directors and/or general managers.

## RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Code  provision  B.2.2  of  the  CG  Code  stipulates  that  every  director,  including  those  appointed  for  a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

According  to  the  provisions  of  the  Bye-laws  of  the  Company  (the  'Bye-laws'),  at  each  annual  general meeting  one-third  of  the  Directors  for  the  time  being  (or,  if  their  number  is  not  a  multiple  of  three, the number nearest to but not greater than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation save that the Chairman and/or the Managing Director of the Company shall not be subject to retirement by rotation or be taken into account in determining the number of directors to retire in each year.

Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong, the beneficial owner of Chinney Investments, EIL and Chinney Capital Limited, which collectively holds approximately 73.68% interest in the Company, is the Chairman of the Board to safeguard their investments in the Company. In addition, the Board considers that the continuity of the office of the Chairman and Managing Director provide the Group with a strong and consistent leadership for  the  smooth  operation  of  the  businesses  of  the  Group.  As  a  result,  the  Board  concurred  that  the Chairman and the Managing Director need not be subject to retirement by rotation.

## INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

The Company Secretary updates Directors on the latest developments and changes to the Listing Rules and  the  applicable  legal  and  regulatory  requirements  regarding  subjects  necessary  in  the  discharge  of their duties.

All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their  knowledge  and  skills.  Directors  are  continually  updated  on  developments  in  the  statutory  and regulatory regime and the business environment to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities.

## INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT (continued)

Directors are required to submit to the Company annually details of training sessions undertaken by them in  each  financial  year  for  the  Company to maintain a training record for its Directors. According to the training  records  maintained  by  the  Company,  the  training  received  by  each  of  the  Directors  during  the year ended 31 December 2022 is summarised as follows:

| Name of Director  Type of trainings  Executive Directors  Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong  B  Mr. Yuen-Keung Chan  A, B  Mr. James Sing-Wai Wong  A, B  Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam  A, B  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Mr. Chi-Chiu Wu  A, B  Mr. Ronald James Blake  A, B  Mr. Anthony King-Yan Tong  A, B  Ms. Dee-Dee Chan  A, B   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A:

attending seminars/conferences/workshops/forums

- B: reading  newspapers,  journals  and  updates  relating  to  the  economy,  environmental  protection business or director's duties and responsibilities etc.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION

The Board is collectively responsible for performing the corporate governance duties including:

- (a) to develop, review and update the Company's policy and practices on corporate governance;
- (b) to  review  and  monitor  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  Directors  and senior management;
- (c) to  review  and  monitor  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and regulatory requirements;
- (d) to  review  the  Company's  compliance  with  the  CG  Code  and  disclosure  in  the  'Corporate Governance Report'; and
- (e) to  perform  such  other  corporate  governance  duties  and  functions  set  out  in  the  CG  Code  (as amended from time to time) for which the Board is responsible.

## DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The  Company  has  adopted  the  Model  Code  for  Securities  Transactions  by  Directors  of  Listed  Issuers (the 'Model Code') as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.

On  specific  enquiries  made,  all  Directors  have  confirmed  that  they  have  complied  with  the  required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2022. Securities interests in the Company and its associated corporations held by each of the Directors are set out in the 'Report of the Directors' on pages 31 to 39 of this Annual Report.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The  Remuneration  Committee  currently  comprises  two  independent  non-executive  Directors  namely Mr.  Chi-Chiu  Wu  (chairman  of  the  Remuneration  Committee)  and  Mr.  Anthony  King-Yan  Tong  and  an executive Director namely Mr. Yuen-Keung Chan. The role of the Remuneration Committee is to review and recommend to the Board on the remuneration packages of all executive Directors.

The  Chairman  of  the  Board  receives  no  salary  and  determines  the  remuneration  of  all  other  executive Directors, taking reference to market pay, individual performance and a bonus scheme, which has been in place prior to the establishment of the Remuneration Committee. Details of remuneration packages of the executive Directors during the year are set out under heading 'Directors' Remuneration' on pages 103 to 105 of this Annual Report.

A Remuneration Committee meeting was held in March 2022, during which the remuneration packages of  all  executive  Directors  for  the  year  have  been  reviewed  individually  and  the  proposal  for  year 2022  remuneration  adjustment  and  2021  bonus  distribution  were  considered.  Draft  minutes  of  the Remuneration Committee meeting is circulated to members of Remuneration Committee for comments and the signed minutes is kept by the Company Secretary.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The  Nomination  Committee  was  established  on  31  December  2021  and  it  currently  comprises three  independent  non-executive  Directors  namely  Ms.  Dee-Dee  Chan  (chairman  of  the  Nomination Committee), Mr. Ronald James Blake and Mr. Anthony King-Yan Tong and two executive Directors namely Mr. James Sing-Wai Wong and Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam.

The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the Stock Exchange's website and the Company's website.

The  roles  and  functions  of  the  Nomination  Committee  include  reviewing  the  structure,  size  and composition  of  the  Board,  identifying  individuals  suitably  qualified  to  become  Directors,  selecting  or making recommendations to the Board on nominations, appointment or re-appointment of Directors and Board succession, and assessing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors.

In  order  to  maintain  a  diversity  of  perspectives  among  Board  members,  the  Company  adopted  a  board diversity  policy  which  stated  that  the  Company  considers  a  number  of  factors  when  deciding  on appointments  to  the  Board  and  the  continuation  of  those  appointments.  Such  factors  include  gender, age, cultural background, educational background, professional expertise, industry experience, skills and knowledge, in addition to factors based on the Group's business models and specific needs from time to time.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE (continued)

The  Nomination  Committee  monitors  the  implementation  of  the  board  diversity  policy  and  report annually, in the Corporate Governance Report, on the Board's composition under diversified perspectives. The Nomination Committee reviews the board diversity policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of  the  board  diversity  policy.  The  Nomination  Committee  also  discusses  any  revisions  that  may  be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.

A  Nomination  Committee  meeting  was  held  in  March  2022  for  reviewing  the  structure,  size  and composition, and assessing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors. Draft minutes of the Nomination Committee meeting is circulated to members of Nomination Committee for comments and the signed minutes is kept by the Company Secretary.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The  Audit  Committee  currently  comprises  three  independent  non-executive  Directors  namely Mr. Anthony King-Yan Tong (chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Chi-Chiu Wu and Mr. Ronald James Blake.

The  terms  of  reference  for  the  Audit  Committee  has  been  adopted  in  line  with  the  CG  Code.  Regular meetings have been held by the Audit Committee since establishment and it meets at least twice each year  to  review  and  supervise  the  Group's  financial  reporting  process  and  internal  control.  The  Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Company and discussed with  management  and  the  external  auditor  the  financial  reporting  matters,  to  review  the  financial statements of the Group before their submission to the Board for approval and to review the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management system of the Group, both the half year results for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and the annual results for the year ended 31 December 2022.

The work performed by the Audit Committee during the year ended 31 December 2022 included reviews of the following:

- -the directors' report and the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 of the Group, with a recommendation to the Board for approval;
- -the consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2022 of the Group, with a recommendation to the Board for approval;
- -the  audit  fees  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  proposed  by  the  external  auditor,  with  a recommendation to the Board for approval;
- -the new accounting policies and practices adopted by the Group;
- -the internal control and risk management system of the Group; and
- -the litigation cases of the Group.

The  Audit  Committee  met  two  times  during  the  year.  Draft  minutes  of  the  Audit  Committee  meetings are  circulated  to  members  of  Audit  Committee  for  comments  and  the  signed  minutes  are  kept  by  the Company Secretary.

## ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS OF THE BOARD, REMUNERATION,NOMINATION AND AUDIT COMMITTEES AND GENERAL MEETINGS

| Attended/Eligible to attend  During the year ended 31 December 2022  Name of Director  Board  Meetings  Remuneration  Committee  Meeting  Nomination  Committee  Meeting  Audit  Committee  Meetings  Annual  General  Meeting  held on  2 June 2022  Special  General  Meeting  held on  2 June 2022  Special  General  Meeting  held on  28 November  2022  Executive Directors  Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong  1/2  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  0/1  0/1  Mr. Yuen-Keung Chan  2/2  1/1  N/A  N/A  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. James Sing-Wai Wong  2/2  N/A  1/1  N/A  1/1  1/1  0/1  Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam  2/2  N/A  1/1  N/A  1/1  1/1  1/1  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Mr. Chi-Chiu Wu  2/2  1/1  N/A  2/2  1/1  1/1  0/1  Mr. Ronald James Blake  1/2  N/A  1/1  2/2  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. Anthony King-Yan Tong  2/2  1/1  1/1  2/2  1/1  1/1  1/1  Ms. Dee-Dee Chan  2/2  N/A  1/1  N/A  1/1  1/1  1/1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has engaged its external auditor, Ernst &amp; Young, to provide the following services and their respective fees charged are set out as follows:

| ## Services rendered  Fees paid/payable  HK$'000  Audit services  3,985  Non-audit services (review and other services)  1,152   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The  Board  has  overall  responsibilities  for  maintaining  the  Group's  systems  of  internal  control  and reviewing  their  effectiveness.  The  internal  control  systems  of  the  Group  are  designed  to  provide reasonable assurance to minimise risk of failure in operational systems, and to assist in the achievement of  the  Group's  goals.  The  systems  are  also  structured  to  safeguard  the  Group's  assets,  to  ensure  the maintenance of  proper  accounting  records  and  compliance  with  applicable  laws,  rules  and  regulations. The  systems  are  designed  to  provide  reasonable,  but  not  absolute,  assurance  against  material misstatement  or  loss,  and  to  manage  rather  than  eliminate  risks  of  failure  in  the  Group's  operational systems  and  in  the  achievement  of  the  Group's  business  objectives.  The  Group  has  dedicated  internal audit function who reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems from time to time in order to ensure that they meet with the dynamic and ever changing business environment.

During the year, the Audit Committee has reviewed the Group's internal control system and considered the  internal  audit  report  with  the  executive  Directors  and  financial  controller.  The  review  covers  all material  controls,  including  financial,  operational  and  compliance  controls  and  risk  management  of  the Group and such systems have been considered reasonably effective and adequate.

The  Group  regularly  reminds  the  Directors  and  relevant  employees  for  the  compliance  of  policies regarding the inside information, and provide them with update on the appropriate guidelines or policies to ensure the compliance with regulatory requirements.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  Directors  are  responsible  for  overseeing  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  each  financial period with a view to ensuring such financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for that period. The Company's financial statements are prepared  in  accordance  with  all  relevant  statutory  requirements  and  applicable  accounting  standards. The Directors are responsible for ensuring that appropriate accounting policies are selected and applied consistently;  and  that  judgments  and  estimates  made  are  prudent  and  reasonable.  The  statement of  the  independent  auditor  of  the  Company,  Messrs.  Ernst  &amp;  Young,  with  regard  to  their  reporting responsibilities on the Company's financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor's Report on pages 40 to 46 of this Annual Report.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy (the 'Dividend Policy'). Pursuant to which, in considering the declaration and payment of dividends, the Board shall maintain adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital requirements and future business growth and take into account the following factors of the Group:

- a. financial results;
- b. cash flow situation;
- c. business conditions and strategies;
- d. future operations and earnings;
- e. capital requirements and expenditure plans;
- f. interests of shareholders;
- g. any restrictions on payment of dividends; and
- h. any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

The Board has discretion to declare and distribute dividends to the shareholders of the Company, subject to  the  Bye-laws and all applicable laws and regulations. The Board will review the Dividend Policy from time  to  time  and  may  exercise  its  sole  and  absolute  discretion  to  update,  amend  and/or  modify  the Dividend Policy at any time as it deems fit and necessary. There is no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## 1. The way in which shareholders can convene a special general meeting

Pursuant  to  bye-law  58  of  the  Bye-laws  and  Section  74  of  the  Bermuda  Companies  Act  1981, shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition in aggregate not less than one-tenth of the voting rights (on a one vote per share basis) in the share capital of the Company may also make a requisition to convene a special general meeting and/or add resolutions to the agenda of a  meeting.  Such  requisition  shall  be  made  in  writing  to  the  Board  or  the  Company  Secretary,  to require  a  special  general  meeting  to  be  called  by  the  Board  for  the  transaction  of  any  business specified in such requisition.

The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the principal place of business of  the  Company  at  23rd  Floor,  Wing  On  Centre,  111  Connaught  Road  Central,  Hong  Kong  (the 'Principal Place of Business') for the attention of the Company Secretary.

The requisition will then be verified with the Company's Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong and upon its confirmation that the requisition is proper and in order, the Company Secretary  will  forward  the  requisition  to  the  Board  and  the  Board  shall  convene  and  hold  such general  meeting  within  two  months  after  the  deposit  of  such  requisition.  Moreover,  if  within twenty-one days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such general meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the said date.

## 2. Procedures for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company

Pursuant to bye-law 86 of the Bye-laws, any shareholder (other than the person to be proposed for election as a director), who wishes to propose a person other than a retiring Director for election as  a  director  of  the  Company  at  a  general  meeting,  should  lodge  a  duly  signed  written  notice given  of  his  intention  to  propose  such  person  for  election  and  a  notice  signed  by  the  person  to be  proposed  of  his  willingness  to  be  elected  at  the  Company's  Principal  Place  of  Business  or  the Company's Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office, Tricor Tengis Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, shall be at least 10 business days and that the period for lodgment of such notice(s) shall commence no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than 10 business days prior to the date of such general meeting.

## 3. The procedures for sending enquiries to the Board

Shareholders and other stakeholders may send their enquiries and concerns in writing to the Board by addressing them to the Company Secretary at the Principal Place of Business and the Company Secretary shall then forward the same to the appropriate executives of the Company or members in the Board for further handling.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS (continued)

## 4. The procedures for putting forward proposals at shareholders' meetings

To  put  forward  proposals  at  an  annual  general  meeting  or  a  special  general  meeting,  the shareholders  shall  submit  a  written  notice  of  those  proposals  with  the  detail  contact  information to the Company Secretary at the Principal Place of Business. The request will be verified with the Company's  Branch  Share  Registrar  and  Transfer  Office  in  Hong  Kong  and  upon  its  confirmation that the request is proper and in order, the Company Secretary will ask the Board to include the resolution in the agenda for the general meeting. Moreover, the notice period to be given to all the shareholders for consideration of the proposals submitted by the shareholders concerned varies as follows pursuant to bye-law 59(1) of the Bye-laws:

- (a) for an annual general meeting shall be called by not less than twenty-one clear days' notice; and
- (b) for all special general meetings may be called by not less than fourteen clear days' notice.

## COMMUNICATIONS WITH SHAREHOLDERS

The  Company  has  established  a  shareholders  communication  policy  and  reviews  it  on  a  regular  basis to  ensure  its  effectiveness.  The  Board  recognises  the  importance  of  good  communications  with  all shareholders  and  is  committed  to  maintaining  a  policy  of  open  and  timely  disclosure  of  relevant information  on  its  attributes  to  shareholders  and  other  stakeholders  through  the  publication  of  interim and annual reports,  public  announcements  and  other  public  circulars,  all  of  which  are  available  on  the Company's website.

The annual general meeting provides a useful forum for shareholders to exchange views with the Board. Shareholders  are  encouraged  to  attend  the  annual  general  meeting  for  which  not  less  than  twentyone clear  days'  prior  notice  is  given.  The  Chairman  of  the  Board  as  well  as  the  chairman  of  the  board committees (or  in  their  absence,  other  members  of  the  committees)  together  with  the  external  auditor are  available  to  answer  shareholders'  questions  at  the  meeting.  At  the  annual  general  meeting,  each substantially separate issue will be considered by a separate resolution, including the election of individual director, and the poll procedures will be clearly explained.

The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders communication policy. Having considered the multiple channels of communication and engagement in place, it is satisfied that the shareholders communication policy has been properly implemented during the year under review and is effective.

The  Directors  herein  present  their  report  and  the  audited  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended 31 December 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries comprise the trading  of  plastic  and  chemical  products,  the  provision  of  building  related  contracting  services  for  both public  and  private  sectors,  including  engineering  contracting  services  in  the  air-conditioning  industry and  provision  of  maintenance  services,  superstructure  construction  works  and  foundation  piling  works and  sub-structure  works  for  both  public  and  private  sectors  in  Hong  Kong  and  Macau,  distribution and  installation  of  aviation  system  and  other  hi-tech  products,  property  holding  and  development  and investment holding. Details of the principal  subsidiaries  and  their  activities  are  set  out  in  note  1  to  the financial  statements.  There  were  no  significant  changes  in  the  nature  of  the  Group's  principal  activities during the year.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

The Group's profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the Group's financial position at that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 47 to 147.

The  Board  recommends the payment of a final dividend of  HK2.50  cents  per  share  for  the  year  ended 31  December  2022  (2021:  HK2.75  cents)  to  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  whose  names  appear on  the  Company's  register  of  members  on  14  June  2023.  Upon  the  shareholders'  approval  at  the forthcoming AGM, it is expected that the final dividend cheques will be despatched to the shareholders on or before 5 July 2023.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## BUSINESS REVIEW

A business  review  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  outlook  are  set  out  in  the Chairman's Statement on pages 9 to 14 of this Annual Report and in this section. The Group's capital and financial  risk  management  objectives  and  policies  are  set  out  in  note  42  to  the  financial  statements  on pages 140 to 145 of this Annual Report.

The Group is committed to build an environmental-friendly corporation with the aim to conserve natural resources. The Group has taken initiatives to reduce energy consumption and encourage recycle of office supplies and other materials. The Group will continue to review and promote its environmental policies.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, there were no breach of or non-compliance with applicable laws  and  regulations  by  the  Group  that  have  significant  impact  on  the  business  and  operations  of  the Group.

## Relationship with employees, customers and suppliers

The Group's relationships with its employees are set out in the 'Employees and remuneration policies' section below.

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  maintaining  good  relationships  with  business  partners, customers,  suppliers  and  sub-contractors  to  achieve  its  long-term  business  growth  and  development. Accordingly,  the  Group  has  kept  good  communications  and  shared  business  updates  with  them  when appropriate.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Liquidity and financial resources

Total  interest-bearing  debts  for  the  Group  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  amounted  to HK$539.5 million (31 December 2021: HK$551.7 million). These include trust receipt loans, bank loans and lease liabilities. Current liabilities made up 90.3% (31 December 2021: 89.5%) of all these interest-bearing debts.  The  current  ratio  stood  at  1.5  (31  December  2021:  1.5).  Total  cash  and  cash  equivalents, represented  by  unpledged  cash  and  bank  balances  were  HK$760.7  million  as  at  31  December  2022 (31 December 2021: HK$648.8 million).

The Group had a total of HK$2,620 million undrawn facilities extended from banks and financial institutions at year-end available for its working capital, trade finance and issue of performance/surety bonds. The gearing ratio  of  the  Group,  measured  by  total  interest-bearing  borrowings  of  HK$539.5  million  over  the  equity attributable  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  of  HK$2,085.2  million,  was  25.9%  as  at  31  December  2022 (31 December 2021: 26.0%).

The  Group  prudently  manages  its  financial  positions  and  has  sufficient  liquidity  to  sustain  projects  and operations for the foreseeable future.

## Funding and treasury policy

The  Group  maintains  a  prudent  funding  and  treasury  policy.  Surplus  funds  are  maintained  in  the  form of cash deposits with leading banks. Borrowings are mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars and bear interest at floating rates. Forward contracts of a non-speculative nature are entered to hedge the foreign currency trade purchase commitments of the Group when desirable.

## Pledge of assets

As  of  31  December  2022,  certain  properties  having  an  aggregate  book  value  of  HK$142.7  million  and property held for sale under development of HK$73.5 million were pledged to banks to secure bank loans and general banking facilities extended to the Group.

## Contingent liability

As  of  31  December  2022,  the  Group  provided  corporate  guarantees  and  indemnities  to  certain  banks and financial institutions to secure performance/surety bonds in the aggregate amount of HK$909.0 million issued  in  favour  of  the  Group's  clients  in  its  ordinary  course  of  business.  This  amount  included performance/surety bonds issued in favour of the clients of the Chinney Kin Wing Group of HK$270.5 million to which corporate guarantees and indemnities were provided by Chinney Kin Wing Group.

Except as disclosed above, the Group had no other material contingent liabilities as of 31 December 2022.

## Employees and remuneration policies

The Group employed approximately 1,670 staff in Hong Kong and other parts of the People's Republic of  China  (the  'PRC')  as  of  31  December  2022.  Remuneration  packages  are  reviewed  annually  and determined by reference to market pay and individual performance. In addition to salary payments and year-end  discretionary  bonuses,  the  Group  also  provides  other  employment  benefits  including  medical insurance cover, provident fund and educational subsidies to eligible staff.

## SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the published results, assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements, is set out below.

## RESULTS

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  REVENUE  5,898,359  6,799,821  4,941,712  5,219,559  6,047,951  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  14,286  94,370  143,753  143,779  210,434  Attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  (10,197)  77,379  124,084  130,983  195,867  - Non-controlling interests  24,483  16,991  19,669  12,796  14,567  14,286  94,370  143,753  143,779  210,434   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  TOTAL ASSETS  4,835,896  4,935,496  4,280,337  3,954,661  3,658,368  TOTAL LIABILITIES  (2,583,319)  (2,667,911)  (2,148,004)  (1,902,915)  (1,706,990)  NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS  (167,381)  (146,900)  (130,217)  (123,259)  (118,113)  2,085,196  2,120,685  2,002,116  1,928,487  1,833,265   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The information set out above does not form part of the audited financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

There were no movements in the Company's share capital during the year.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SHARES

Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed shares during the year.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant  to  the  Bye-laws,  every  Director  shall  be  entitled  to  be  indemnified  out  of  the  assets  of  the Company against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto. The Company has arranged appropriate directors' and officers' liability insurance coverage for the Directors and officers of the Group throughout the year.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Under the laws of Bermuda, the Company's reserves available for distribution to shareholders amounted to  HK$324,382,000  as  at  31  December  2022,  of  which  HK$14,872,000  has  been  proposed  as  a final  dividend  for  the  year.  In  addition,  the  Company's  share  premium  account,  in  the  amount  of HK$60,978,000,  may  be  distributed  to  shareholders  of  the  Company  in  the  form  of  fully  paid  bonus shares.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

In the year under review, sales to the Group's five largest customers accounted for approximately 36% of the total sales for the year. Purchases from the Group's five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of the total purchases for the year.

None of the Directors or any of their associates or any shareholders of the Company (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital) had any beneficial interest in the Group's five largest customers during the year.

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report were:

## Executive Directors

James Sai-Wing Wong (Chairman) Yuen-Keung Chan (Vice Chairman and Managing Director) James Sing-Wai Wong Philip Bing-Lun Lam

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Chi-Chiu Wu Ronald James Blake Anthony King-Yan Tong Dee-Dee Chan

The Company has received from each of its independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and still considers them as independent.

## RE-ELECTION OF RETIRING DIRECTOR

In accordance with bye-law 85 of the Bye-laws, Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam ('Mr. Lam') and Mr. Chi-Chiu Wu ('Mr. Wu') will retire by rotation at the forthcoming AGM. Mr. Lam and Mr. Wu, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election.

The  proposed  re-election  of  Mr.  Wu  as  independent  non-executive  Director  was  made  in  accordance with the nomination policy of the Company and took into account a wide range of diversity perspectives, including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  ethnicity,  professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of services, with due regard of the benefits of diversity as set out under the board diversity policy of the Company.

The Nomination Committee had also assessed and reviewed the written confirmation of independence of Mr. Wu based on the independence criteria as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and is satisfied that as at the date of this report, Mr. Wu remained independent in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

In  addition,  the  Nomination  Committee  has  evaluated  the  performance  of  Mr.  Wu  and  is  of  the  view that Mr. Wu has provided valuable contributions to the Company and has demonstrated his abilities to provide independent, balanced and objective view to the Company's affairs. The Nomination Committee is  also  of  the  view  that  Mr. Wu would bring to the Board his own perspective, skills and experience, as further  described  in  his  biography  as  set  out  on  page  17  of  this  Annual  Report,  and  can  contribute  to the  diversity  of  the  Board  taking  into  account  his  diversified  educational  background  and  professional experience. The Board, with the recommendation of Nomination Committee, believes that the re-election of Mr. Wu as the independent non-executive Director would be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and recommends his re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

## BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 15 to 19 of this Annual Report.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

No Director has a service contract with any member of the Group which is not determinable within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

The remuneration of the executive Directors is reviewed by the Remuneration Committee having regard to  the  Company's  operating  results,  individual  performance  of  the  Directors  and  comparable  market statistics. Details of the Directors' remuneration are set out in note 9 to the financial statements.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

Except  as  disclosed  in  note  36  to  the  financial  statements  and  the  section  'Connected  transactions' below,  no  Director  nor  a  connected  entity  of  a  Director  had  a  material  interest,  either  directly  or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, its holding company, or any of the Company's subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

The Company has the followings connected transactions during the year:

- (a) On  12  July  2018,  Chinney  Construction,  an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company, entered into a framework agreement with Gold Famous Development Limited ('Gold Famous'), an indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Hon  Kwok  and  an  indirect  non  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of Chinney  Investments,  as  the  employer  for  the  construction  works  to  be  carried  out  by  Chinney Construction  as  the  main  contractor  for  the  construction  and  development  of  a  data  centre  at K.C.T.L.  495,  Kin  Chuen  Street,  Kwai  Chung,  New  Territories,  Hong  Kong  at  a  total  contract sum  of  HK$757,838,691.70  (the  'Construction  Framework  Agreement').  The  entering  into  the Construction Framework Agreement constituted a connected transaction of each of Chinney Investments, Hon  Kwok  and  the  Company  under  the  Listing  Rules.  The  transaction  was  approved  by independent shareholders of Chinney Investments, Hon Kwok and the Company at their respective general meetings held on 24 August 2018.

Details of the transaction were set out in the joint announcement of Chinney Investments, Hon Kwok and  the  Company  dated  12  July  2018  and  a  circular  of  the  Company  dated  8  August  2018. Revenues  of  HK$6,185,000  were  recognised  by  Chinney  Construction  during  the  year  ended 31 December 2022.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

- (b) On  26  September  2022,  Chinney  Construction  and  Shun  Cheong  Building  Services  Limited ('SC Building Services'), both being indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, entered into a framework agreement (the 'Revamp Framework Agreement') with Honour Well Development Limited ('Honour  Well'),  an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Hon  Kwok  and  an  indirect non  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Chinney  Investments,  pursuant  to  which,  Chinney  Construction was  appointed  by  Honour  Well  as  the  contractor  for  the  builder's  works  at  the  contract  sum  of not  exceeding  HK$96,300,000  and  SC  Building  Services  was  appointed  by  Honour  Well  as  the contractor  for  the  mechanical  and  electrical  engineering  works  and  façade  works  at  the  contract sum  of  not  exceeding  HK$141,000,000  relating  to  the  revamp  project  of  the  building  located at  119-121  Connaught  Road  Central,  Sheung  Wan,  Hong  Kong.  The  entering  into  the  Revamp Framework  Agreement  constituted  a  connected  transaction  of  each  of  Chinney  Investments, Hon Kwok and the Company under the Listing Rules. The transaction was approved by independent shareholders  of  Chinney  Investments,  Hon  Kwok  and  the  Company  at  their  respective  general meetings held on 28 November 2022.

Details  of  the  transactions  were  set  out  in  the  joint  announcement  of  Chinney  Investments, Hon  Kwok  and  the  Company  dated  26  September  2022  and  the  Company's  circular  dated 8  November  2022.  Revenues  of  HK$2,104,000  were  recognised  by  Chinney  Construction  and/or SC Building Services in respect of the transactions during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  interests  and  short  positions  of  the  Directors  in  the  shares,  underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the 'SFO')), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the  Company  pursuant  to  section  352  of  the  SFO,  or  as  otherwise  notified  to  the  Company  and  the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

## Long positions in ordinary shares of the Company :

| Number of shares held, capacity and nature of interest  Percentage of  the Company's  issued share  capital  Name of Director  Personal  interests  Family  interests  Corporate  interests  Total  James Sai-Wing Wong  -  -  438,334,216  438,334,216  73.68%  (Note)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note : Amongst these shares, 21,996,000 shares are held by Chinney Capital Limited, 173,093,695 shares are held by Multi-Investment Group Limited, and 243,244,521 shares are held by EIL, all of which Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong is a director and a controlling shareholder and has beneficial interests.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  as  at  31  December  2022,  none  of  the  Directors  had  registered  an  interest  or short  position  in  the  shares,  underlying  shares  or  debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  associated corporations  that  was  required  to  be  recorded  pursuant  to  Section  352  of  the  SFO,  or  as  otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At  no  time  during  the  year  were  rights  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition  of  shares  in  or debentures of the Company granted to any of the Directors or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

## CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed, no contracts of significance in relation to the Group's business in which the Company, any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, or its parent company was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted during or at the end of the year.

## SUBSTANTIAL  SHAREHOLDERS'  AND  OTHER  PERSONS'  INTERESTS  AND  SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of those persons in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

## Long positions in ordinary shares of the Company :

| Name  Notes  Capacity  and nature  of interest  Number of  ordinary  shares held  Percentage of  the Company's  issued share  capital  James Sai-Wing Wong  1, 2, 3  Interest through  controlled  corporations  438,334,216  73.68%  Lucky Year Finance Limited  1  Interest through  a controlled  corporation  173,093,695  29.10%  Chinney Holdings Limited  1  Interest through  a controlled  corporation  173,093,695  29.10%  Chinney Investments  1  Interest through  a controlled  corporation  173,093,695  29.10%  Newsworthy Resources Limited  1  Interest through  a controlled  corporation  173,093,695  29.10%  Multi-Investment Group Limited  1  Beneficial owner  173,093,695  29.10%  EIL  2  Beneficial owner  243,244,521  40.89%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUBSTANTIAL  SHAREHOLDERS'  AND  OTHER  PERSONS'  INTERESTS  AND  SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

Long positions in ordinary shares of the Company : (continued)

Notes :

1. Dr.  James  Sai-Wing  Wong,  Lucky  Year  Finance  Limited,  Chinney  Holdings  Limited,  Chinney  Investments, Newsworthy Resources Limited and Multi-Investment Group Limited are deemed to be interested in the same parcel of 173,093,695 shares by virtue of Section 316 of the SFO;
2. EIL is beneficially wholly-owned by Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong; and
3. 21,996,000  shares  are  held  by  Chinney  Capital  Limited,  which  is  beneficially  wholly-owned  by Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, no person, other than the Directors, whose interests are  set  out  in  the  section  'Directors'  interests  and  short  positions  in  shares,  underlying  shares  and debentures' above, had registered an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based  on  information  that  is  publicly  available  to  the  Company  and  within  the  knowledge  of  the Directors, at least 25% of the Company's total number of issued shares were held by the public as at the date of this report.

## AUDITOR

Ernst &amp; Young retire and a resolution for their reappointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD Yuen-Keung Chan Director

Hong Kong, 28 March 2023

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young 27/F, One Taikoo Place 979, King's Road Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

安永會計師事務所 香港鰂魚涌英皇道 979 號 太古坊一座 27 樓

## To the shareholders of Chinney Alliance Group Limited

(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

## OPINION

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Chinney  Alliance  Group  Limited  (the 'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries  (the  'Group')  set  out  on  pages  47  to  147,  which  comprise  the consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  the  consolidated  statement of  profit  or  loss,  the  consolidated  statement  of  comprehensive  income,  the  consolidated  statement  of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  consolidated financial  position  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  of  its  consolidated  financial  performance and  its  consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial Reporting  Standards  ('HKFRSs')  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the  'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgement,  were  of  most  significance  in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming  our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We  have  fulfilled  the  responsibilities  described  in  the Auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of the  consolidated  financial  statements section  of  our  report,  including  in  relation  to  these  matters. Accordingly,  our  audit  included  the  performance  of  procedures  designed  to  respond  to  our  assessment of  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  The  results  of  our  audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Tel 電話： Fax 傳真： ey.com

+852 2846 9888

+852 2868 4432

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Key audit matter

## Revenue recognition for construction contracts

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recognised  revenue  from  construction  contracting businesses amounting to HK$5,325,877,000.

The  Group  has  recognised  revenue  from  the provision  of  construction  services  over  time,  using an  input  method  to  measure  progress  towards complete  satisfaction  of  the  service,  because  the Group's  performance  creates  or  enhances  an asset  that  the  customer  controls  as  the  asset  is created or enhanced. The input method recognises revenue based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred  relative  to  the  estimated  total  costs  for satisfaction of the construction services.

This  involves  the  use  of  management  judgements and  estimation  uncertainty,  including  estimating the  progress  towards  completion  of  the  services, scope  of  deliveries  and  services  required,  total contract  costs  incurred,  forecasting  the  costs  to complete  a  contract,  valuing  contract  variations, claims  and  potential  liquidated  damages  and estimating the provision for onerous contracts.

Relevant disclosures are included in notes 3.2 and 5 to the financial statements.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

We performed the following procedures in relation to revenue recognition for construction services:

- evaluating  the  significant  judgements  made by  management, through an examination of project  documentation,  key  contracts  and variation orders;
- discussing  the  status  of  projects  under construction,  including  estimated  costs to  completion,  assessment  of  potential l i q uidated  damages  for  major  contracts and  provision  for  onerous  contracts  with management,  finance,  and  technical personnel of the Group;

•

- testing  the  controls  of  the  Group  over its  processes  to  record/estimate  contract revenue,  actual  costs  incurred  and  the estimated total costs;
- checking,  on  a  sampling  basis,  the  payment certificates issued by the architects employed by  contract  customers,  payment  applications from  subcontractors  and  invoices  from suppliers; and
- checking  the  estimated  total  costs  for satisfaction  of  the  construction  contracts  to the subcontractors and suppliers' quotations, and comparing the actual costs incurred with the  estimated  total  costs  for  satisfaction  of the construction services to assess the status of the projects on a sampling basis.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Key audit matter

## Impairment assessment of trade receivables and contract assets

As at 31 December 2022, the Group recorded trade receivables and contract assets of HK$814,871,000 and HK$1,502,671,000, respectively.

The  measurement  on  the  Group's  trade  receivables and  contract  assets  under  the  expected  credit  loss ('ECL')  approach  was  estimated  by  management through the application of management judgements and estimations.

The  credit  terms  granted  by  the  Group  to the  customers  generally  up  to  two  months. Management  performs  periodic  assessments on  the  recoverability  of  trade  receivables  and contract  assets  based  on  information  including credit  profiles  of  different  customers,  ageing  of trade  receivables,  historical  settlement  records, subsequent  settlement  or  billing  status,  expected timing  and  amount  of  realisation  of  outstanding balances,  and  on-going  trading  relationships  with the relevant customers.

Management  also  considers  forward-looking i nformation  that  may  impact  the  customers' ability  to  repay  the  outstanding  balances  in  order to  estimate  the  expected  credit  losses  for  the impairment assessment.

Relevant  disclosures  are  included  in  notes  3.2,  24 and 27 to the financial statements.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

We performed the following procedures in relation to impairment assessment of trade receivables and contract assets:

•

- assessing  and  testing  the  Group's  processes and  controls  relating  to  the  monitoring  of trade receivables and contract assets; and
- evaluating the expected credit loss provisioning methodology, key data inputs and assumptions, including  both  historical  and  forward-looking information, used to determine the expected credit  losses  by  taking  into  account  factors such  as  historical  settlement  pattern,  ageing of  trade  receivables,  subsequent  settlements of trade receivables and subsequent transfers of  contract  assets  to  trade  receivables,  data of the gross domestic product and consumer price  index  used  in  forward-looking information,  and  other  relevant  information on a sampling basis.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Key audit matter

## Recoverability of a property held for sale under development

The  Group  had  a  property  held  for  sale  under development of HK$73,485,000 as at 31 December 2022.  The  carrying  amount  of  the  property  held for  sale  under  development  is  stated  at  the lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  During the  year,  a  write-down  of  a  property  held  for sale  under  development  to  net  realisable  value  of HK$36,000,000 was recorded in profit or loss.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

We performed the following procedures in relation to  recoverability  of  a  property  held  for  sale  under development:

- obtaining an understanding of the management's internal control and process of the assessment of the  recoverability  of  a  property  held  for  sale under development;

Determination  of  net  realisable  value  of  the property held for sale under development involved critical  accounting  estimates  on  the  selling  price, costs to make the sale and the costs to completion.

- evaluating  the  property  construction  cycle with  particular  focus  on,  but  not  limited  to, reviewing  the  cost  budgeting  for  estimated costs to completion;

Given  the  significant  balance  of  the  property  held for  sale  under  development  and  the  involvement of  critical  accounting  estimates,  assessment  of  net realisable value of the property held for sale under development is considered as a key audit matter. ·

Relevant  disclosures  are  included  in  notes  3.2  and 23 to the financial statements.

- evaluating  management's  assessment  about the estimated selling price less the estimated cost  to  make  the  sale  and  the  estimated cost  to  completion  by  checking  the  recent market  transaction  prices  of  properties  with comparable  locations  and  conditions,  where applicable; and
- comparing  the  latest  estimated  costs  to completion  to  the  budget  approved  by management  and  examining  the  supporting document  such  as  construction  contracts, internal correspondences and approvals.

## OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the  consolidated  financial  statements  or  our  knowledge  obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the  disclosure requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for assessing  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S  RESPONSIBILITIES  FOR  THE  AUDIT  OF  THE  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 90  of  the  Bermuda  Companies  Act  1981,  and  for  no  other  purpose.  We  do  not  assume  responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be  expected  to  influence  the  economic  decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these  consolidated financial statements.

## AUDITOR'S  RESPONSIBILITIES  FOR  THE  AUDIT  OF  THE  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit procedures  that  are  appropriate  in  the  circumstances,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  the  directors'  use  of  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements, including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  represent  the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We  communicate  with  the  Audit  Committee  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the  planned  scope  and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We  also  provide  the  Audit  Committee  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and  where  applicable,  actions  taken  to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S  RESPONSIBILITIES  FOR  THE  AUDIT  OF  THE  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  Audit  Committee,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of most  significance  in  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period  and  are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Chan Sai Yu.

## Ernst &amp; Young

Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong 28 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  REVENUE  5  5,898,359  6,799,821  Cost of sales/services provided  (5,328,840)  (6,153,262)  Gross profit  569,519  646,559  Other income  5  6,277  4,077  Selling and distribution costs  (23,903)  (22,366)  Administrative expenses  (517,737)  (496,027)  Other operating income, net  6  28,776  12,438  Changes in fair value of investment properties, net  15  (2,051)  565  Deficit from revaluation of property, plant and equipment  14  (5,418)  (40)  Finance costs  7  (18,701)  (15,900)  PROFIT BEFORE TAX  8  36,762  129,306  Income tax expense  11  (22,476)  (34,936)  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  14,286  94,370  Attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (10,197)  77,379  Non-controlling interests  24,483  16,991  14,286  94,370  EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY  13  Basic and diluted  HK(1.7) cents  HK13.0 cents   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR  14,286  94,370  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)  Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  and net other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods  (20,333)  3,276  Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:  Surplus on revaluation of leasehold land and owned  buildings  14  14,327  70,931  Income tax effect  32  (1,971)  (7,463)  12,356  63,468  Change in fair value of an equity investment at fair value  through other comprehensive income  780  3,672  Net other comprehensive income that will not be  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods  13,136  67,140  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)  FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX  (7,197)  70,416  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR  7,089  164,786  Attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (19,129)  142,365  Non-controlling interests  26,218  22,421  7,089  164,786   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  14  1,106,137  1,261,394  Investment properties  15  117,439  23,118  Investment in an associate  17  121  121  Investment in a joint venture  18  -  -  Equity investment at fair value through  other comprehensive income  19  7,217  6,437  Goodwill  20  14,369  14,369  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  21  26,578  19,995  Deposits  26  12,354  7,671  Deferred tax assets  32  3  3  Total non-current assets  1,284,218  1,333,108  CURRENT ASSETS  Inventories  22  85,369  96,198  Property held for sale under development  23  73,485  106,697  Contract assets  27  1,502,671  1,653,825  Trade receivables  24  814,871  834,974  Amount due from a related company  25  9,651  18,112  Amount due from a joint venture  18  967  967  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  26  284,780  232,339  Tax recoverable  19,222  10,439  Cash and cash equivalents  28  760,662  648,837  Total current assets  3,551,678  3,602,388  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade, bills and retention monies payables  29  773,023  1,085,827  Trust receipt loans  31  132,895  119,978  Other payables and accruals  30  1,166,285  878,944  Tax payable  17,456  15,903  Interest-bearing bank borrowings  31  349,755  368,759  Lease liabilities  16  4,429  4,934  Total current liabilities  2,443,843  2,474,345  NET CURRENT ASSETS  1,107,835  1,128,043  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  2,392,053  2,461,151   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Other payable  30  -  41,325  Lease liabilities  16  52,432  58,072  Deferred tax liabilities  32  87,044  94,169  Total non-current liabilities  139,476  193,566  Net assets  2,252,577  2,267,585  EQUITY  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  Issued capital  33  59,490  59,490  Reserves  34  2,025,706  2,061,195  2,085,196  2,120,685  Non-controlling interests  167,381  146,900  Total equity  2,252,577  2,267,585   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On behalf of the Board James Sai-Wing Wong Director

On behalf of the Board Yuen-Keung Chan Director

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022

| ## Attributable to owners of the Company  Issued  capital  Share  premium  account  Contributed  surplus  Asset  revaluation  reserve  Fair value  reserve  (non-  recycling)  Legal  reserve  Exchange  fluctuation  reserve  Retained  profits  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  59,490  60,978  120,946  295,989  (278)  1,505  6,952  1,456,534  2,002,116  130,217  2,132,333  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  77,379  77,379  16,991  94,370  Other comprehensive income  for the year:  Surplus on revaluation of  leasehold land and owned  buildings, net of tax  -  -  -  58,038  -  -  -  -  58,038  5,430  63,468  Exchange differences related to  foreign operations  -  -  -  -  -  -  3,276  -  3,276  -  3,276  Change in fair value of an  equity investment at fair value  through other comprehensive  income  -  -  -  -  3,672  -  -  -  3,672  -  3,672  Total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  58,038  3,672  -  3,276  77,379  142,365  22,421  164,786  Release of revaluation reserve  on leasehold land and owned  buildings to retained profits  -  -  -  (10,951)  -  -  -  10,951  -  -  -  Dividends paid to  non-controlling shareholders  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (5,738)  (5,738)  Final 2020 dividend declared  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (23,796)  (23,796)  -  (23,796)  At 31 December 2021  59,490  60,978*  120,946*  343,076*  3,394*  1,505*  10,228*  1,521,068*  2,120,685  146,900  2,267,585   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022

| ## Attributable to owners of the Company  Issued  capital  Share  premium  account  Contributed  surplus  Asset  revaluation  reserve  Fair value  reserve  (non-  recycling)  Legal  reserve  Exchange  fluctuation  reserve  Retained  profits  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2022  59,490  60,978  120,946  343,076  3,394  1,505  10,228  1,521,068  2,120,685  146,900  2,267,585  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (10,197)  (10,197)  24,483  14,286  Other comprehensive income  for the year:  Surplus on revaluation of  leasehold land and owned  buildings, net of tax  -  -  -  10,621  -  -  -  -  10,621  1,735  12,356  Exchange differences related  to foreign operations  -  -  -  -  -  -  (20,333)  -  (20,333)  -  (20,333)  Change in fair value of an  equity investment at fair value  through other comprehensive  income  -  -  -  -  780  -  -  -  780  -  780  Total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  10,621  780  -  (20,333)  (10,197)  (19,129)  26,218  7,089  Release of revaluation reserve  on leasehold land and owned  buildings to retained profits  -  -  -  (12,963)  -  -  -  12,963  -  -  -  Dividends paid to  non-controlling shareholders  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (5,737)  (5,737)  Final 2021 dividend declared  (note 12)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (16,360)  (16,360)  -  (16,360)  At 31 December 2022  59,490  60,978*  120,946*  340,734*  4,174*  1,505*  (10,105)*  1,507,474*  2,085,196  167,381  2,252,577   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of HK$2,025,706,000 (2021: HK$2,061,195,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Profit before tax  36,762  129,306  Adjustments for:  Finance costs  7  18,701  15,900  Fair value gains on derivative financial instruments  6  -  (3,958)  Fair value changes in financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  6  (3,725)  (8,872)  Changes in fair value of investment properties, net  15  2,051  (565)  Deficit from revaluation of property, plant and equipment  14  5,418  40  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (excluding right-of-use assets)  8  85,868  80,666  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  8  36,555  35,535  Impairment of trade receivables  6  9,458  -  Write-down of a property held for sale under  development to net realisable value  8  36,000  -  Provision/(write-back of provision) for inventories  8  5,104  (2,131)  Transfer of items of property, plant and equipment to  costs of construction contracts  14  2,620  2,490  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and  equipment, net  6  3  2,016  Interest income  5  (3,024)  (145)  231,791  250,282  Decrease/(increase) in inventories  5,725  (10,820)  Increase in property held for sale under development  (1,068)  (4,002)  Decrease/(increase) in contract assets  151,154  (252,726)  Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables  10,645  (4,101)  Decrease in an amount due from a related company  8,461  7,420  Decrease in derivative financial instruments  -  11,028  Increase in prepayments, deposits and other receivables  (57,124)  (82,159)  Increase/(decrease) in trade, bills and  retention monies payables  (312,804)  363,611  Increase in other payables and accruals  246,016  52,133  Cash generated from operations  282,796  330,666  Interest received  3,024  145  Interest paid  (20,194)  (16,562)  Dividends paid  (16,360)  (23,796)  Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders  (5,737)  (5,738)  Hong Kong profits tax paid, net  (26,477)  (28,836)  Overseas taxes paid  (12,296)  (3,327)  Net cash flows from operating activities  204,756  252,552   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment  (71,473)  (113,122)  Proceeds from disposal of items of property,  plant and equipment  158  417  Purchase of financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  (2,858)  (4,135)  Distribution from financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  -  514  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (74,173)  (116,326)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Increase/(decrease) in trust receipt loans  38(b)  12,917  (82,618)  New bank loans  38(b)  330,505  322,769  Repayment of bank loans  38(b)  (349,412)  (137,533)  Decrease in pledged time deposits  -  529  Principal portion of lease payments  38(b)  (5,526)  (6,738)  Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities  (11,516)  96,409  NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  119,067  232,635  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  648,837  417,874  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net  (7,242)  (1,672)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR  760,662  648,837  ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND  CASH EQUIVALENTS  Cash and bank balances  28  537,664  616,634  Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of  less than three months when acquired  28  222,998  32,203  Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the  consolidated statement of cash flows  760,662  648,837   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

Chinney  Alliance  Group  Limited  (the  'Company')  is  a  limited  liability  company  incorporated in  Bermuda  with  its  shares  listed  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  (the  'Stock Exchange'). The registered office of the Company is located at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton  HM  11,  Bermuda,  and  the  Company's  head  office  and  principal  place  of  business  is located at 23rd Floor, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong.

During the year, the Group was engaged in the following principal activities:

- trading of plastic and chemical products
- provision  of  building  related  contracting  services  for  both  public  and  private  sectors, including  engineering  contracting  services  in  the  air-conditioning  industry  and  provision  of maintenance services
- superstructure  construction  works  for  both  public  and  private  sectors  in  Hong  Kong  and Macau
- foundation  piling,  and  drilling  and  site  investigation  for  both  public  and  private  sectors  in Hong Kong and Macau
- distribution and installation of aviation system and other hi-tech products
- property holding and development and investment holding

## Information about subsidiaries

Particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  registration  and business  Issued  ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage  of equity  attributable to  the Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Apex Aluminium Fabricator  Company Limited  Hong Kong  HK$9,452,000  -  100  Contracting of building  aluminium works  Apex Curtain Wall and  Windows Company Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  100  Contracting of building  aluminium works  Best Treasure Limited  British  Virgin Islands  US$1  -  100  Investment holding  Chinney Alliance Corporate  Treasury Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  -  100  Treasury function   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)

Information about subsidiaries (continued)

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  registration  and business  Issued  ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage  of equity  attributable to  the Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Chinney Alliance Engineering  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  100  Distribution and installation of  aviation system, mechanical,  electrical and building  supplies, and other hi-tech  products  Chinney Alliance Trading (BVI)  Limited  British  Virgin Islands  HK$360,001  100  -  Investment holding  Chinney Builders Company  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  -  100  Building construction  Chinney Construction (BVI)  Limited  British  Virgin Islands  US$10,000  -  100  Investment holding  Chinney Construction Company,  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$22,200,000  -  100  Building construction  Chinney Construction Group  Limited  British  Virgin Islands  US$1  -  100  Investment holding  Chinney Electrical Supplies  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100,000  -  100  Trading of electrical,  air-conditioning and other  building supplies products  Chinney Kin Wing Holdings  Limited ('Chinney Kin Wing')  #  Bermuda  HK$150,000,000  74.5  -  Investment holding  Chinney Kin Wing Property  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  74.5  Investment holding  Chinney Shun Cheong Building  Services Engineering Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100  Installation and maintenance of  air-conditioning, extra  low voltage, waste water  treatment, water pumps and  fire prevention and fighting  systems   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)

Information about subsidiaries (continued)

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  registration  and business  Issued  ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage  of equity  attributable to  the Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Chinney Shun Cheong E&amp;M  (Shenzhen) Company Limited*  People's  Republic of  China ('PRC')  RMB25,000,000  -  100  Trading of building decoration  materials and electrical and  mechanical equipment  Chinney Shun Cheong  Investment Co. Ltd.  Macau  MOP100,000  -  100  Trading of generators, electrical  and mechanical engineering  materials and equipment  Chinney Tim Wai Co., Ltd.  Macau  MOP25,000  -  100  Property holding  Chinney Timfai Construction  (Macau) Company Limited  Macau  MOP1,500,000  -  100  Property holding  Chinney Timwill Construction  (Macau) Company Limited  Macau  MOP1,500,000  -  100  Building construction and  foundation piling  DMT-Jacobson Holdings Limited  British  Virgin Islands  US$2,000,000  -  100  Investment holding  DrilTech Geotechnical  Engineering Limited  Hong Kong  HK$20,000,000  -  74.5  Drilling, site investigation and  related ground engineering  construction  DrilTech Ground Engineering  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$20,000,000  -  74.5  Drilling, site investigation and  related ground engineering  construction  DrilTech Ground Engineering  (Macau) Limited  Macau  MOP1,000,000  -  74.5  Drilling, site investigation and  related ground engineering  construction  DrilTech Ground Engineering  (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  S$25,000  -  74.5  Drilling, site investigation and  related ground engineering  construction   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)

Information about subsidiaries (continued)

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  registration  and business  Issued  ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage  of equity  attributable to  the Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Everest Engineering Company  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  74.5  Basement  construction work  Forever Ascent Investment  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100  Property holding  Gina Enterprises Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  -  100  Property holding  Jackson Mercantile Trading  Company Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary HK$2,000;  Non-voting deferred  HK$5,000,000  -  100  Property holding  Jacobson van den Berg (China)  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1,000,000  -  100  Trading of electrical and  mechanical and other  products  Jacobson van den Berg  (Hong Kong) Limited  Hong Kong  Ordinary HK$1,000;  Non-voting deferred  HK$35,486,600  -  100  Investment holding and agency  trading of industrial products  Jacobson van den Berg  (Properties) Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  -  100  Property holding  Kin Wing Chinney (BVI) Limited  British  Virgin Islands  US$208  -  74.5  Investment holding  Kin Wing Engineering Company  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$20,000,000  -  74.5  Foundation piling  Kin Wing Foundations Limited  Hong Kong  HK$5,800,000  -  74.5  Foundation piling  Kin Wing Machinery &amp;  Transportation Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  74.5  Equipment and machinery  leasing  Kinwing Engineering (Macau)  Company Limited  Macau  MOP1,000,000  -  74.5  Foundation piling  LabTech Testing Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  74.5  Construction material testing   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)

Information about subsidiaries (continued)

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  registration  and business  Issued  ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage  of equity  attributable to  the Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Lei Kee Development Company  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  -  100  Property holding  Lindeteves Jacoberg (China)  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$170,000  -  100  Property holding  Right Able Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100  Property holding  Shun Cheong Building Services  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1,000,000  -  100  Multi-discipline building services  Shun Cheong Building Services  (Macau) Limited  Macau  MOP100,000  -  100  Installation and maintenance of  electrical, mechanical, heat  ventilation and  air-conditioning systems  Shun Cheong Electrical  Engineering Company Limited  Hong Kong  'A' ordinary  HK$6,000,000;  Non-voting deferred  HK$4,000,000  -  100  Design, installation, repair and  maintenance of electrical and  mechanical systems  Shun Cheong Electrical Products  Factory Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1,000,000  -  100  Trading of electrical installation  products  Shun Cheong Engineering  Group Limited  British  Virgin Islands  US$100  -  100  Investment holding  Shun Cheong Management  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  -  100  Provision of management  services  Shun Cheong Real Estates Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  100  Property holding  Shun Cheong Trade and  Development Company Limited  Hong Kong  HK$663,000  -  100  Trading of electrical generators   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)

Information about subsidiaries (continued)

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  registration  and business  Issued  ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage  of equity  attributable to  the Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Strong Link Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  100  Property holding and  development  Tegan Holdings Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2  -  100  Property holding  Westco Airconditioning Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000,000  -  100  Design, installation and  maintenance of heating,  ventilation and  air-conditioning systems  Westco Chinney Limited  Hong Kong  HK$3,000,000  -  100  Sale and installation of  air-conditioning systems  Zeta International Limited  British  Virgin Islands  US$1  -  100  Property holding  東莞東寶龍燈光設備有限公司  *  (Dongguan Dongbaolong Light  Equipment Co., Ltd.,  for identification only)  PRC  HK$55,000,000  -  100  Manufacturing of cable  containment products and  air ducts and property  holding  雅各臣  (  深圳  )  貿易有限公司  *  (Jacobson (Shenzhen)  Trading Company Limited, for  identification only)  PRC  HK$20,000,000  -  100  Trading of industrial products   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These subsidiaries are registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law.

# A company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally  affected  the  results  for  the  year  or  formed  a  substantial  portion  of  the  net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards  ('HKFRSs')  (which  include  all  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  Hong  Kong Accounting Standards ('HKASs') and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA'),  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  Hong  Kong  and  the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for leasehold land and buildings included in property, plant and equipment, investment properties, equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

## Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Group')  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022. A  subsidiary  is  an  entity  (including  a  structured  entity),  directly  or  indirectly,  controlled  by  the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

Generally,  there  is  a  presumption  that  a  majority  of  voting  rights  results  in  control.  When  the Company  has,  directly  or  indirectly,  less  than  a  majority  of  the  voting  or  similar  rights  of  an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

- (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
- (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- (c) the Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

The  financial  statements  of  the  subsidiaries  are  prepared  for  the  same  reporting  period  as  the Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Profit  or  loss  and  each  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  are  attributed  to  the  owners of  the  Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  interests,  even  if  this  results  in  the  non-controlling interests  having  a  deficit  balance.  All  intra-group  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses and cash flows relating  to  transactions  between  members  of  the  Group  are  eliminated  in  full  on consolidation.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)

## Basis of consolidation (continued)

The  Group  reassesses  whether  or  not  it  controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances  indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in  the  ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

If  the  Group  loses  control  over  a  subsidiary,  it  derecognises  (i)  the  assets  (including  goodwill) and  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary,  (ii)  the  carrying  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interest  and (iii)  the  cumulative  translation  differences  recorded  in  equity;  and  recognises  (i)  the  fair  value  of the  consideration  received,  (ii)  the  fair  value  of  any  investment  retained  and  (iii)  any  resulting surplus  or  deficit  in  profit  or  loss.  The  Group's  share  of  components  previously  recognised  in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the  same  basis  as  would  be  required  if  the  Group  had  directly  disposed  of  the  related  assets  or liabilities.

## 2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

The  Group  has  adopted  the  following  revised  HKFRSs  for  the  first  time  for  the  current  year's financial statements.

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples  Amendments to HKAS 37  Annual Improvements to  HKFRSs 2018-2020  accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

- (a) Amendments to HKFRS 3 are intended to replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework  for  Financial  Reporting (the  'Conceptual  Framework')  issued  in  June  2018 without  significantly  changing  its  requirements.  The  amendments  also  add  to  HKFRS  3  an exception to its recognition principle for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for liabilities and  contingent  liabilities  that  would  be  within  the  scope  of  HKAS  37  or  HK(IFRIC)-Int  21 if  they  were  incurred  separately  rather  than  assumed  in  a  business  combination,  an  entity applying  HKFRS  3  should  refer  to  HKAS  37  or  HK(IFRIC)-Int  21  respectively  instead  of  the Conceptual  Framework.  Furthermore,  the  amendments  clarify  that  contingent  assets  do not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively  to  business  combinations  that  occurred  on  or  after  1  January  2022.  As  there were no business combinations during the year, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (continued)

- (b) Amendments  to  HKAS  16  prohibit  an  entity  from  deducting  from  the  cost  of  an  item  of property, plant and equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity recognises the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items as determined by HKAS 2 Inventories , in profit or loss. The Group has applied the amendments retrospectively to items of property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after 1 January 2021. Since there was no sale of items produced prior to the property, plant and equipment being available for use, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.
- (c) Amendments  to  HKAS  37  clarify  that  for  the  purpose  of  assessing  whether  a  contract  is onerous  under  HKAS  37,  the  cost  of  fulfilling  the  contract  comprises  the  costs  that  relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct labour and materials) and an allocation of other costs  that  relate  directly  to  fulfilling  that  contract  (e.g.,  an  allocation  of  the  depreciation charge for  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  used  in  fulfilling  the  contract  as  well as  contract  management  and  supervision  costs).  General  and  administrative  costs  do  not relate  directly  to  a  contract  and  are  excluded  unless  they  are  explicitly  chargeable  to  the counterparty  under  the  contract.  The  Group  has  applied  the  amendments  prospectively to  contracts  for  which  it  has  not  yet  fulfilled  all  its  obligations  at  1  January  2022.  The amendments did not have any significant impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.
- (d) Annual  Improvements  to  HKFRSs  2018-2020 sets  out  amendments  to  HKFRS  1,  HKFRS  9, Illustrative Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41. Details of the amendments that are applicable to the Group are as follows:
- HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether  the  terms  of  a  new  or  modified  financial  liability  are  substantially  different from  the  terms  of  the  original  financial  liability.  These  fees  include  only  those  paid or  received  between  the  borrower  and  the  lender,  including  fees  paid  or  received by  either  the  borrower  or  lender  on  the  other's  behalf.  The  Group  has  applied  the amendment  prospectively  from  1  January  2022.  As  there  was  no  modification  or exchange of the Group's financial  liabilities  during  the  year,  the  amendment  did  not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements.

| Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011)  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3  Amendments to HKFRS 16 HKFRS 17  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2  Insurance Contracts 1  Amendments to HKFRS 17  Insurance Contracts 1, 5  Amendment to HKFRS 17  Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 - Comparative Information 6  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the '2020 Amendments') 2, 4  Amendments to HKAS 1  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants  (the '2022 Amendments') 2  Amendments to HKAS 1 and  HKFRS Practice Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimate 1 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1  Amendments to HKAS 12   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
- 2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
- 3 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
- 4 As a consequence of the 2022 Amendments, the effective date of the 2020 Amendments was deferred to  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2024.  In  addition,  as  a  consequence  of  the  2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements -  Classification  by  the  Borrower  of  a  Term  Loan  that  Contains  a  Repayment  on  Demand  Clause was revised to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
- 5 As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023
- 6 An entity that chooses to apply the transition option relating to the classification overlay set out in this amendment shall apply it on initial application of HKFRS 17

Further  information  about  those  HKFRSs  that  are  expected  to  be  applicable  to  the  Group  is described below.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (continued)

Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) address an inconsistency between the requirements in HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss  resulting  from  a  downstream  transaction  when  the  sale  or  contribution  of  assets  between  an investor  and  its  associate  or  joint  venture  constitutes  a  business.  For  a  transaction  involving  assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor's  profit  or  loss  only  to  the  extent  of  the  unrelated  investor's  interest  in  that  associate  or joint  venture.  The  amendments  are  to  be  applied  prospectively.  The  previous  mandatory  effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) was removed by the HKICPA in January 2016 and a new mandatory effective date will be determined after the completion of a broader review of accounting for associates and joint ventures. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.

Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2024  and  shall  be  applied  retrospectively  to sale  and  leaseback  transactions  entered  into  after  the  date  of  initial  application  of  HKFRS  16 (i.e.,  1  January  2019).  Earlier  application  is  permitted.  The  amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

Amendments  to  HKAS  1 Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or  Non-current clarify  the requirements  for  classifying  liabilities  as  current  or  non-current,  in  particular  the  determination over whether an entity has a right to defer settlement of the liabilities for at least 12 months after the reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that are  considered  a  settlement  of  a  liability.  In  2022,  the  HKICPA  issued  the  2022  Amendments  to further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current. In addition, the 2022 Amendments require additional disclosures by an entity that classifies liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when it has a right to defer settlement of those liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within  12  months  after  the  reporting  period.  The  amendments  are  effective  for  annual  periods beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2024  and  shall  be  applied  retrospectively.  Earlier  application  is permitted. An entity that applies the 2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the  2022  Amendments,  and  vice  versa.  The  Group  is  currently  assessing  the  impact  of  the amendments and whether existing loan agreements may require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment,  the  amendments  are  not  expected  to  have  any  significant  impact  on  the  Group's financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (continued)

Amendments to HKAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies require entities to disclose their material accounting  policy  information  rather  than  their  significant  accounting  policies.  Accounting  policy information  is  material  if,  when  considered  together  with  other  information  included  in  an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users  of  general  purpose  financial  statements  make  on  the  basis  of  those  financial  statements. Amendments  to  HKFRS  Practice  Statement  2  provide  non-mandatory  guidance  on  how  to  apply the  concept  of  materiality  to  accounting  policy  disclosures.  Amendments  to  HKAS  1  are  effective for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2023  and  earlier  application  is  permitted. Since the guidance provided in the amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory, an  effective  date  for  these  amendments  is  not  necessary.  The  Group  is  currently  revisiting  the accounting policy disclosures to ensure consistency with the amendments.

Amendments  to  HKAS  8  clarify  the  distinction  between  changes  in  accounting  estimates  and changes in accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use  measurement  techniques  and  inputs  to  develop  accounting  estimates.  The  amendments  are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

Amendments  to  HKAS  12  narrow  the  scope  of  the  initial  recognition  exception  in  HKAS  12  so that  it  no  longer  applies  to  transactions  that  give  rise  to  equal  taxable  and  deductible  temporary differences,  such  as  leases  and  decommissioning  obligations.  Therefore,  entities  are  required  to recognise a deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from these transactions. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and shall be applied to transactions related  to  leases  and  decommissioning  obligations  at  the  beginning  of  the  earliest  comparative period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of  retained  profits  or  other  component  of  equity  as  appropriate  at  that  date.  In  addition,  the amendments shall be applied prospectively to transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is permitted. The Group is in the process of making an assessment of  the  impact  of  these  amendments  upon  initial  application,  but  is  not  yet  in  a  position  to  state whether  these  amendments  would  have  any  significant  impact  on  its  results  of  operations  and financial position.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Investments in an associate and a joint venture

An associate  is  an  entity  in  which  the  Group  has  a  long  term  interest  of  generally  not  less  than 20% of the equity voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant  influence  is  the  power  to  participate  in  the  financial  and  operating  policy  decisions  of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

A joint  venture  is  a  type  of  joint  arrangement  whereby  the  parties  that  have  joint  control  of  the arrangement have rights  to  the  net  assets  of  the  joint  venture.  Joint  control,  is  the  contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

The  Group's  investments  in  an  associate  and  a  joint  venture  are  stated  in  the  consolidated statement  of  financial  position  at  the  Group's  share  of  net  assets  under  the  equity  method  of accounting, less any impairment losses.

Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist.

The Group's share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of an associate and  a  joint  venture  is  included  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  consolidated other comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly  in  the  equity  of  the  associate  or  joint  venture,  the  Group  recognises  its  share  of  any changes,  when  applicable,  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity.  Unrealised  gains and  losses  resulting  from  transactions  between  the  Group  and  its  associate  or  joint  venture  are eliminated to the extent of the Group's investments in the associate or joint venture, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of an associate or a joint venture is included as part of the Group's investments in an associate or a joint venture.

If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Interests in a joint operation

A  joint  operation  is  a  joint  arrangement  whereby  the  parties  that  have  joint  control  of  the arrangement  have  rights  to  the  assets,  and  obligations  for  the  liabilities,  relating  to  the arrangement.

The Group recognises in relation to its interest in a joint operation:

- its assets, including its share of any assets held jointly;
- its liabilities, including its share of any liabilities incurred jointly;
- its revenue from the sale of its share of the output arising from the joint operation;
- its share of the revenue from the sale of the output by the joint operation; and
- its expenses, including its share of any expenses incurred jointly.

The assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to the Group's interest in a joint operation are accounted for in accordance with the HKFRSs applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.

## Business combinations and goodwill

Business  combinations  are  accounted  for  using  the  acquisition  method.  The  consideration transferred is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair  values  of  assets  transferred  by  the  Group,  liabilities  assumed  by  the  Group  to  the  former owners  of  the  acquiree  and  the  equity  interests  issued  by  the  Group  in  exchange  for  control of  the  acquiree.  For  each  business  combination,  the  Group  elects  whether  to  measure  the non-controlling  interests  in  the  acquiree  that  are  present  ownership  interests  and  entitle  their holders  to  a  proportionate  share  of  net  assets  in  the  event  of  liquidation  either  at  fair  value  or at  the  proportionate  share  of  the  acquiree's  identifiable  net  assets.  All  other  components  of non-controlling  interests  are  measured  at  fair  value.  Acquisition-related  costs  are  expensed  as incurred.

The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

When  the  Group  acquires  a  business,  it  assesses  the  financial  assets  and  liabilities  assumed  for appropriate  classification  and  designation  in  accordance  with  the  contractual  terms,  economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.

If  the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Business combinations and goodwill (continued)

Any  contingent  consideration  to  be  transferred  by  the  acquirer  is  recognised  at  fair  value  at  the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

Goodwill  is  initially  measured  at  cost,  being  the  excess  of  the  aggregate  of  the  consideration transferred, the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group's previously  held  equity  interests  in  the  acquiree  over  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets  acquired,  the  difference  is,  after  reassessment,  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  as  a  gain  on bargain purchase.

After  initial  recognition,  goodwill  is  measured  at  cost  less  any  accumulated  impairment  losses. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination  is,  from  the  acquisition  date,  allocated  to  each  of  the  Group's  cash-generating units,  or  groups  of  cash-generating  units,  that  are  expected  to  benefit  from  the  synergies  of  the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.

Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of  cash-generating  units)  to  which  the  goodwill  relates.  Where  the  recoverable  amount  of  the cash-generating  unit  (group  of  cash-generating  units)  is  less  than  the  carrying  amount,  an impairment  loss  is  recognised.  An  impairment  loss  recognised  for  goodwill  is  not  reversed  in  a subsequent period.

Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on  the  disposal.  Goodwill  disposed  of  in  these  circumstances  is  measured  based  on  the  relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Fair value measurement

The  Group  measures  its  leasehold  land  and  owned  buildings  classified  as  property,  plant  and equipment,  investment  properties  at  fair  value,  an  equity  investment  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive  income,  derivative  financial  instruments  and  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through profit  or  loss  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.  Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at  the  measurement  date.  The  fair  value  measurement  is  based  on  the  presumption  that  the transaction  to  sell  the  asset  or  transfer  the  liability  takes  place  either  in  the  principal  market  for the  asset  or  liability,  or  in  the  absence  of  a  principal  market,  in  the  most  advantageous  market for  the  asset  or  liability.  The  principal  or  the  most  advantageous  market  must  be  accessible  by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to  generate  economic  benefits  by  using  the  asset  in  its  highest  and  best  use  or  by  selling  it  to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The  Group  uses  valuation  techniques  that  are  appropriate  in  the  circumstances  and  for  which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised  within  the  fair  value  hierarchy,  described  as  follows,  based  on  the  lowest  level  input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

- Level 1 -based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
- Level 2 -based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
- Level 3 -based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable

For  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  recognised  in  the  financial  statements  on  a  recurring  basis,  the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Impairment of non-financial assets

Where  an  indication  of  impairment  exists,  or  when  annual  impairment  testing  for  an  asset is  required  (other  than  inventories,  contract  assets,  deferred  tax  assets,  goodwill,  investment properties  and  a  property  held  for  sale  under  development),  the  asset's  recoverable  amount  is estimated.  An  asset's  recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  the  asset's  or  cash-generating  unit's value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or  groups  of  assets,  in  which  case  the  recoverable  amount  is  determined  for  the  cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying  amount  of  a  corporate  asset  (e.g.,  a  headquarters  building)  is  allocated  to  an  individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

An impairment loss is  recognised  only  if  the  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  exceeds  its  recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value  using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value of  money  and  the  risks  specific  to  the  asset.  An  impairment  loss  is  charged  to  profit  or  loss  in the  period  in  which  it  arises,  unless  the  asset  is  carried  at  a  revalued  amount,  in  which  case  the impairment loss is accounted for in accordance with the relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.

An assessment is  made  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  as  to  whether  there  is  an  indication that  previously  recognised  impairment  losses  may  no  longer  exist  or  may  have  decreased.  If  such an  indication  exists,  the  recoverable  amount  is  estimated.  A  previously  recognised  impairment loss  of  an  asset  other  than  goodwill  is  reversed  only  if  there  has  been  a  change  in  the  estimates used  to  determine  the  recoverable  amount  of  that  asset,  but  not  to  an  amount  higher  than  the carrying  amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises, unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is accounted for in accordance with the relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Related parties

A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person's family and that person
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is  a  member  of  the  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group  or  of  a  parent  of  the Group;

or

- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

## Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost or valuation less  accumulated  depreciation  and  any  impairment  losses.  The  cost  of  an  item  of  property,  plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (continued)

Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such  as  repairs  and  maintenance,  is  normally  charged  to  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which it  is  incurred.  In  situations  where  the  recognition  criteria  are  satisfied,  the  expenditure  for  a major  inspection  is  capitalised  in  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  as  a  replacement.  Where significant  parts  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  are  required  to  be  replaced  at  intervals,  the Group  recognises  such  parts  as  individual  assets  with  specific  useful  lives  and  depreciates  them accordingly.

Valuations  are  performed  frequently  enough  to  ensure  that  the  fair  value  of  a  revalued  asset does not differ materially from its carrying amount. Changes in the values of property, plant and equipment are dealt with as movements in the asset revaluation reserve. If the total of this reserve is insufficient to cover a deficit, on an individual asset basis, the excess of the deficit is charged to profit or loss. Any subsequent revaluation surplus is credited to profit or loss to the extent of the deficit previously charged. An annual transfer from the asset revaluation reserve to retained profits is  made  for  the  difference  between  the  depreciation  based  on  the  revalued  carrying  amount  of an asset and the depreciation based on the asset's original cost. On disposal of a revalued asset, the  relevant  portion  of  the  asset  revaluation  reserve  realised  in  respect  of  previous  valuations  is transferred to retained profits as a movement in reserves.

Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost or valuation of each item of  property,  plant  and  equipment  to  its  residual  value  over  its  estimated  useful  life.  The  principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

| Buildings  Over the lease terms or 2%  Leasehold improvements  Over the lease terms or 10% - 33 1 / 3%  Plant and machinery  6% - 25%  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  10% - 33 1 / 3%  Yacht  10%  Motor vehicles  15% - 25%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Where  parts  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  have  different  useful  lives,  the  cost or  valuation  of  that  item  is  allocated  on  a  reasonable  basis  among  the  parts  and  each  part  is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

An  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  including  any  significant  part  initially  recognised  is derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  no  future  economic  benefits  are  expected  from  its  use  or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is  derecognised is  the  difference  between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

Construction  in  progress  represents  a  building  under  construction,  which  is  stated  at  cost  less any  impairment  losses,  and  is  not  depreciated.  Cost  comprises  the  direct  costs  of  construction and  capitalised  borrowing  costs  on  related  borrowed  funds  during  the  period  of  construction. Construction  in  progress  is  reclassified  to  the  appropriate  category  of  property,  plant  and equipment when completed and ready for use.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Investment properties

Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including the leasehold property held as a right-of-use asset which would otherwise meet the definition of an investment property) held to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes; or for sale in the ordinary course of business. Such  properties  are  measured  initially  at  cost,  including  transaction  costs.  Subsequent  to  initial recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the end of the reporting period.

Gains  or  losses  arising  from  changes  in  the  fair  values  of  investment  properties  are  included  in profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.

For  a  transfer  from  investment  properties  to  owner-occupied  properties,  the  deemed  cost  of  a property  for  subsequent  accounting  is  its  fair  value  at  the  date  of  change  in  use.  If  a  property occupied  by  the  Group  as  an  owner-occupied  property  becomes  an  investment  property,  the Group accounts for such property in accordance with the policy stated under 'Property, plant and equipment and depreciation' for owned property and/or accounts for such property in accordance with the policy stated under 'Right-of-use assets' for property held as a right-of-use asset up to the date of change in use, and any difference at that date between the carrying amount and the fair  value  of  the  property  is  accounted  for  as  a  revaluation  in  accordance  with  the  policy  stated under 'Property, plant and equipment and depreciation' above.

## Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Group as a lessee

The  Group  applies  a  single  recognition  and  measurement  approach  for  all  leases,  except  for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Leases (continued)

Group as a lessee (continued)

- (a) Right-of-use assets

Right-of-use  assets  are  recognised  at  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease  (that  is  the date  the  underlying  asset  is  available  for  use).  Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost  or valuation,  less  any  accumulated  depreciation  and  any  impairment  losses,  and  adjusted  for any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities.  The  cost  of  right-of-use  assets  includes  the  amount of  lease  liabilities  recognised,  initial  direct  costs  incurred,  and  lease  payments  made  at  or before  the  commencement  date  less  any  lease  incentives  received.  Right-of-use  assets  are depreciated  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  shorter  of  the  lease  terms  and  the  estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

| Leased land and buildings Leasehold land  Over the lease terms  Over the lease terms   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

If  ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

Valuations are performed frequently enough to ensure that the fair value of a revalued asset does not differ materially from its carrying amount. Changes in the values of leasehold land including in right-of-use assets are dealt with as movements in the asset revaluation reserve. If  the  total  of  this  reserve  is  insufficient  to  cover  a  deficit,  on  an  individual  asset  basis, the  excess  of  the  deficit  is  charged  to  profit  or  loss.  Any  subsequent  revaluation  surplus  is credited to profit or loss to the extent of the deficit previously charged. An annual transfer from the asset revaluation reserve to retained profits is made for the difference between the depreciation based on the revalued carrying amount of an asset and the depreciation based on the asset's original cost. On disposal of a revalued asset, the relevant portion of the asset revaluation reserve realised in respect of previous valuations is transferred to retained profits as a movement in reserves.

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term  leases  and  leases  of  low-value  assets.  The  Group  recognises  lease  liabilities  to make  lease  payments  and  right-of-use  assets  representing  the  right  to  use  the  underlying assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Leases (continued)

Group as a lessee (continued)

- (b) Lease liabilities

Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including  in-substance  fixed  payments)  less  any  lease  incentives  receivable,  variable  lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value  guarantees.  The  lease  payments  also  include  the  exercise  price  of  a  purchase  option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate  at  the  lease  commencement  date  because  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease  is not  readily  determinable.  After  the  commencement  date,  the  amount  of  lease  liabilities  is increased  to  reflect  the  accretion  of  interest  and  reduced  for  the  lease  payments  made.  In addition,  the  carrying  amount  of  lease  liabilities  is  remeasured  if  there  is  a  modification, a  change  in  the  lease  term,  a  change  in  lease  payments  (e.g.,  a  change  to  future  lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

The  Group's  lease  liabilities  are  separately  presented  in  the  consolidated  statement  of financial position.

- (c) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The  Group  applies  the  short-term  lease  recognition  exemption  to  its  short-term  leases  of machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from  the  commencement  date  and  do  not  contain  a  purchase  option).  When  the  Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Group as a lessor

When  the  Group  acts  as  a  lessor,  it  classifies  at  lease  inception  (or  when  there  is  a  lease modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

Leases  in  which  the  Group  does  not  transfer  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  incidental to  ownership  of  an  asset  are  classified  as  operating  leases.  When  a  contract  contains  lease  and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Investments and other financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

The  classification  of  financial  assets  at  initial  recognition  depends  on  the  financial  asset's contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,  the  Group  initially  measures  a  financial  asset  at  its  fair  value,  plus  in  the  case  of  a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not  contain  a  significant  financing  component  or  for  which  the  Group  has  applied  the  practical expedient  are  measured  at  the  transaction  price  determined  under  HKFRS  15  in  accordance  with the policies set out for 'Revenue recognition' below.

In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other  comprehensive  income,  it  needs  to  give  rise  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of principal and interest ('SPPI') on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

The  Group's  business  model  for  managing  financial  assets  refers  to  how  it  manages  its  financial assets  in  order  to  generate  cash  flows.  The  business  model  determines  whether  cash  flows  will result  from  collecting  contractual  cash  flows,  selling  the  financial  assets,  or  both.  Financial  assets classified  and  measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

All  regular  way  purchases  and  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognised  on  the  trade  date,  that  is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  that  require  delivery  of  assets  within  the  period  generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

## Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  are  subsequently  measured  using  the  effective  interest  method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Investments and other financial assets (continued)

## Subsequent measurement (continued)

## Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)

Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income  when  they  meet  the  definition of  equity  under  HKAS  32 Financial  Instruments:  Presentation and  are  not  held  for  trading.  The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.

Gains  and  losses  on  these  financial  assets  are  never  recycled  to  profit  or  loss.  Dividends  are recognised  as  other  income  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  right  of  payment  has  been  established,  it is  probable  that  the  economic  benefits  associated  with  the  dividend  will  flow  to  the  Group  and the  amount  of  the  dividend  can  be  measured  reliably,  except  when  the  Group  benefits  from such  proceeds  as  a  recovery  of  part  of  the  cost  of  the  financial  asset,  in  which  case,  such  gains are  recorded  in  other  comprehensive  income.  Equity  investment  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income is not subject to impairment assessment.

## Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

This  category  includes  derivative  instruments  and  equity  investments  which  the  Group  had  not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income and unlisted club debentures that are not solely payments of principal and interest.

## Derecognition of financial assets

A  financial  asset  (or,  where  applicable,  a  part  of  a  financial  asset  or  part  of  a  group  of  similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated statement of financial position) when:

- the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
- the  Group  has  transferred  its  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the  asset  or  has  assumed an  obligation  to  pay  the  received  cash  flows  in  full  without  material  delay  to  a  third  party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all  the  risks  and  rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Derecognition of financial assets (continued)

When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a passthrough arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of  ownership  of  the  asset.  When  it  has  neither  transferred  nor  retained  substantially  all  the  risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group's continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing  involvement  that  takes  the  form  of  a  guarantee  over  the  transferred  asset  is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses ('ECLs') for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,  discounted  at  an  approximation  of  the  original  effective  interest  rate.  The  expected  cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

## General approach

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default  events  that  are  possible  within  the  next  12  months  (a  12-month  ECL).  For  those  credit exposures  for  which  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition, a  loss  allowance  is  required  for  credit  losses  expected  over  the  remaining  life  of  the  exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

At  each  reporting  date,  the  Group  assesses  whether  the  credit  risk  on  a  financial  instrument  has increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  date  of  initial  recognition  and  considers reasonable  and  supportable  information  that  is  available  without  undue  cost  or  effort,  including historical and forward-looking information.

The Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates  that  the  Group  is  unlikely  to  receive  the  outstanding  contractual  amounts  in  full  before taking  into  account  any  credit  enhancements  held  by  the  Group.  A  financial  asset  is  written  off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (continued)

## General approach (continued)

Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are  classified  within  the  following  stages  for  measurement  of  ECLs  except  for  trade  receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

- Stage 1 -Financial  instruments  for  which  credit  risk  has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial recognition  and  for  which  the  loss  allowance  is  measured  at  an  amount  equal  to 12-month ECLs
- Stage 2 -Financial  instruments  for  which  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial recognition  but  that  are  not  credit-impaired  financial  assets  and  for  which  the  loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
- Stage 3 -Financial  assets  that  are  credit-impaired  at  the  reporting  date  (but  that  are  not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

## Simplified approach

For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,  the  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  in  calculating  ECLs.  Under  the  simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

## Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial  liabilities  are  classified,  at  initial  recognition,  as  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The  Group's  financial  liabilities  include  trade  and  bills  payables,  trust  receipt  loans,  retention monies  payable,  financial  liabilities  included  in  other  payables  and  accruals,  lease  liabilities  and interest-bearing bank borrowings.

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial liabilities (continued)

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)

After  initial  recognition,  interest-bearing  loans  and  borrowings  are  subsequently  measured  at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when  the  liabilities  are  derecognised  as  well  as  through  the  effective  interest  rate  amortisation process.

Amortised  cost  is  calculated  by  taking  into  account  any  discount  or  premium  on  acquisition  and fees  or  costs  that  are  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate.  The  effective  interest  rate amortisation is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

A  financial  liability  is  derecognised  when  the  obligation  under  the  liability  is  discharged  or cancelled, or expires.

When an  existing  financial  liability  is  replaced  by  another  from  the  same  lender  on  substantially different  terms,  or  the  terms  of  an  existing  liability  are  substantially  modified,  such  an  exchange or  modification  is  treated  as  a  derecognition  of  the  original  liability  and  a  recognition  of  a  new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the firstin, first-out or the weighted average basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Properties held for sale under development

Properties held for sale under development intended to be held for sale after completion.

Properties held for sale under development are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value and  comprise  land  costs,  construction  costs,  borrowing  costs,  professional  fees  and  other  costs directly  attributable  to  such  properties  incurred  during  the  development  period.  Net  realisable value  is  based  on  estimated  selling  price  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  as  determined  by management with reference to the prevailing market conditions, less further costs expected to be incurred  to  completion  and  cost  to  make  the  sale.  On  completion  of  construction,  the  properties are  transferred  to  completed  properties  held  for  sale.  Properties  held  for  sale  under  development are classified as current assets.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash  on  hand  and  demand  deposits,  and  short-term  highly  liquid  investments  that  are  readily convertible  into  known  amounts  of  cash,  are  subject  to  an  insignificant  risk  of  changes  in  value, and  have  a  short  maturity  of  generally  within  three  months  when  acquired,  less  bank  overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

For  the  purpose  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position,  cash  and  cash  equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

## Provisions

A  provision  is  recognised  when  a  present  obligation  (legal  or  constructive)  has  arisen  as  a  result of a past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

When the effect of discounting is  material,  the  amount  recognised  for  a  provision  is  the  present value at the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the  obligation.  The  increase  in  the  discounted  present  value  amount  arising  from  the  passage  of time is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

The Group provides for warranties in relation to the provision of construction services for general repairs  of  defects  occurring  during  the  warranty  period.  Provisions  for  these  assurance-type warranties granted by the Group are recognised based on past experience of the level of repairs, discounted to their present values as appropriate.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Income tax

Income  tax  comprises  current  and  deferred  tax.  Income  tax  relating  to  items  recognised  outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Current  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  at  the  amount  expected  to  be  recovered  from  or paid  to  the  taxation  authorities,  based  on  tax  rates  (and  tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.

Deferred  tax  is  provided,  using  the  liability  method,  on  all  temporary  differences  at  the  end  of the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

- when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial  recognition  of  goodwill  or  an  asset  or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect  of  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries,  an associate and a joint venture, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can  be  controlled  and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  differences  will  not  reverse  in  the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax  assets  are  recognised  for  all  deductible  temporary  differences,  and  the  carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profit  will  be  available  against  which  the  deductible  temporary differences,  and  the  carryforward  of  unused  tax  credits  and  unused  tax  losses  can  be  utilised, except:

- when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial  recognition  of  an  asset  or  liability  in  a  transaction  that  is  not  a  business  combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect  of  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries, an associate and a joint venture, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is  probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and reduced to the  extent  that  it  is  no  longer  probable  that  sufficient  taxable  profit  will  be  available to  allow  all  or  part  of  the  deferred  tax  asset  to  be  utilised.  Unrecognised  deferred  tax  assets  are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Income tax (continued)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability  is  settled,  based  on  tax  rates  (and  tax  laws)  that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  deferred  tax  liabilities  are  offset  if  and  only  if  the  Group  has  a  legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future  period  in  which  significant  amounts  of  deferred  tax  liabilities  or  assets  are  expected  to  be settled or recovered.

## Government grants

Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

## Revenue recognition

## Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  is  recognised  when  control  of  goods  or  services  is transferred  to  the  customers  at  an  amount  that  reflects  the  consideration  to  which  the  Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated  to  which  the  Group  will  be  entitled  in  exchange  for  transferring  the  goods  or  services to  the  customer.  The  variable  consideration  is  estimated  at  contract  inception  and  constrained until  it  is  highly  probable  that  a  significant  revenue  reversal  in  the  amount  of  cumulative revenue recognised  will  not  occur  when  the  associated  uncertainty  with  the  variable  consideration  is subsequently resolved.

When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit  of  financing  the  transfer  of  goods  or  services  to  the  customer  for  more  than  one  year, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate  that  would  be  reflected  in  a  separate  financing  transaction  between  the  Group  and  the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Revenue recognition (continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

- (a) Sale of products

Revenue  from  the  sale  of  products  is  recognised  at  the  point  in  time  when  control  of  the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the consumer products.

- (b) Construction services

Revenue from the provision of construction services is recognised over time, using an input method  to  measure  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  the  service,  because  the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. The input method recognises revenue based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the construction services.

Claims  to  customers  are  amounts  that  the  Group  seeks  to  collect  from  the  customers as  reimbursement  of  costs  and  margins  for  scope  of  works  not  included  in  the  original construction  contract.  Claims  are  accounted  for  as  variable  consideration  and  constrained until  it  is  highly  probable  that  a  significant  revenue  reversal  in  the  amount  of  cumulative revenue  recognised  will  not  occur  when  the  associated  uncertainty  with  the  variable consideration  is  subsequently  resolved.  The  Group  uses  the  expected  value  method  to estimate  the  amounts  of  claims  because  this  method  best  predicts  the  amount  of  variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

## Revenue from other sources

Rental  income  is  recognised  on  a  time  proportion  basis  over  the  lease  terms.  Variable  lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

## Other income

Interest  income  is  recognised  on  an  accrual  basis  using  the  effective  interest  method  by  applying the  rate  that  exactly  discounts  the  estimated  future  cash  receipts  over  the  expected  life  of  the financial  instrument  or  a  shorter  period,  when  appropriate,  to  the  net  carrying  amount  of  the financial asset.

Dividend  income  is  recognised  when  the  shareholders'  right  to  receive  payment  has  been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

## Contract assets

A  contract  asset  is  the  right  to  consideration  in  exchange  for  goods  or  services  transferred  to the  customer.  If  the  Group  performs  by  transferring  goods  or  services  to  a  customer  before  the customer pays consideration or before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting policies for impairment of financial assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Contract liabilities

A  contract  liability  is  recognised  when  a  payment  is  received  or  a  payment  is  due  (whichever  is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).

## Contract costs

Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets  and  a  property  held  for  sale  under  development,  costs  incurred  to  fulfil  a  contract  with  a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:

- (a) The  costs  relate  directly  to  a  contract  or  to  an  anticipated  contract  that  the  entity  can specifically identify.
- (b) The costs  generate  or  enhance  resources  of  the  entity  that  will  be  used  in  satisfying  (or  in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future.
- (c) The costs are expected to be recovered.

The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is  consistent  with  the  transfer  to  the  customer  of  the  goods  or  services  which  the  asset  relates. Other contract costs are expensed as incurred.

## Employee benefits

The  Group  operates  two  types  of  defined  contribution  retirement  benefit  schemes,  including  a Mandatory  Provident  Fund  retirement  benefit  scheme  (the  'MPF  Scheme')  under  the  Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance and an Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance retirement benefit scheme (the 'ORSO Scheme'), for all of its employees who are eligible to participate in the MPF Scheme or ORSO Scheme.

Under  the  MPF  Scheme,  contributions  are  made  based  on  a  percentage  of  the  employees'  basic salaries  and  are  charged  to  profit  or  loss  as  they  become  payable  in  accordance  with  the  rules of  the  MPF  Scheme.  The  Group's  employer  contributions  vest  fully  with  the  employees  when contributed into the MPF Scheme, except for the Group's employer voluntary contributions, which are  refunded  to  the  Group  when  the  employee  leaves  employment  prior  to  the  contributions vesting fully, in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme.

The ORSO Scheme is managed by an independent trustee. The Group makes monthly contributions to the scheme at 5% to 15% of the employees' basic salaries while the employees are not required to  make  any  contributions.  The  employees  are  entitled  to  receive  100%  of  the  contributions made  by  the  Group  together  with  the  accrued  earnings  thereon  upon  retirement  or  leaving  the Group after completing 10 years of service or at a reduced scale of 30% to 90% after completing three to nine years of service. Forfeited contributions and related earnings are used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group.

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Employee benefits (continued)

Prior  to  the  MPF  Scheme  becoming  effective,  certain  member  companies  of  the  Group  operated defined  contribution  provident  fund  schemes  (the  'Provident  Funds')  under  the  Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance for those employees who were eligible to participate. The Provident Funds  operated  in  a  similar  way  to  the  MPF  Scheme,  except  that  when  an  employee  left  the Provident  Funds  prior  to  his/her  interest  in  the  Group's  employer  contributions  vesting  fully,  the ongoing  contributions  payable  by  the  Group  were  reduced  by  the  relevant  amount  of  forfeited contributions.  Upon  implementation  of  the  MPF  Scheme,  the  Provident  Funds  have  been  frozen and  no  further  contributions  have  been  made  by  the  Group  or  the  eligible  employees  after  that date. The eligible employees are entitled to receive their funds in accordance with the rules of the Provident Funds when they leave the Group.

The assets of both types of scheme are held separately from those of the Group in independently administered funds.

The  employees  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  which  operate  in  Mainland  China  are  required  to participate  in  a  central  pension  scheme  operated  by  the  local  municipal  government.  These subsidiaries are required to contribute 5% of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

## Termination benefits

Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.

## Dividends

Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

## Foreign currencies

These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is the Company's functional and  presentation  currency.  Each  entity  in  the  Group  determines  its  own  functional  currency  and items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  entity  are  measured  using  that  functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  at  the  functional  currency rates  of  exchange  ruling  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Differences  arising  on  settlement  or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Foreign currencies (continued)

Non-monetary  items  that  are  measured  in  terms  of  historical  cost  in  a  foreign  currency  are translated  using  the  exchange  rates  at  the  dates  of  the  initial  transactions.  Non-monetary  items measured at  fair  value  in  a  foreign  currency  are  translated  using  the  exchange  rates  at  the  date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

In  determining  the  exchange  rate  on  initial  recognition  of  the  related  asset,  expense  or  income on  the  derecognition  of  a  non-monetary  asset  or  non-monetary  liability  relating  to  an  advance consideration,  the  date  of  initial  transaction  is  the  date  on  which  the  Group  initially  recognises the  non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries  and  a  joint  venture  are  currencies  other than the Hong Kong dollar. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities  are  translated  into  Hong  Kong  dollars  at  the  exchange  rates  prevailing  at  the  end  of  the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in  the  exchange  fluctuation  reserve.  On  disposal  of  a  foreign  operation,  the  component  of  other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently  recurring  cash  flows  of  overseas  subsidiaries  which  arise  throughout  the  year  are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

## 3.2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

The  preparation  of  the  Group's  financial  statements  requires  management  to  make  judgements, estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues,  expenses,  assets and  liabilities,  and  their  accompanying  disclosures,  and  the  disclosure  of  contingent  liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

## Judgements

In  the  process  of  applying  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  management  has  made  the  following judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:

## Revenue recognition for construction services

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  recognised  revenue  from  construction contracting  businesses  amounting  to  HK$5,325,877,000.  The  Group  has  recognised  revenue from the provision of construction services over time, using an input method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the service, because the Group's performance creates or enhances an  asset  that  the  customer  controls  as  the  asset  is  created  or  enhanced.  The  input  method recognises revenue based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total  costs  for  satisfaction  of  the  construction  services.  This  involves  the  use  of  management judgements  and  estimation  uncertainty,  including  estimating  the  progress  towards  completion  of the services, scope of deliveries and services required, total contract costs incurred, forecasting the costs to complete a contract, valuing contract variations, claims and potential liquidated damages and  estimating  the  provision  for  onerous  contracts.  When  forecasting  the  costs  to  complete  a contract, key assumptions are made based on past experience and quotation from subcontractors and suppliers, which may be changed if the future economic environment has changed.

## Estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end  of  the  reporting  period,  that  have  a  significant  risk  of  causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

## Impairment of goodwill

The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation  of  the  value  in  use  of  the  cash-generating  units  to  which  the  goodwill  is  allocated. Estimating  the  value  in  use  requires  the  Group  to  make  an  estimate  of  the  expected  future  cash flows  from  the  cash-generating  units  and  also  to  choose  a  suitable  discount  rate  in  order  to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2022 was HK$14,369,000 (2021: HK$14,369,000). Further details are given in note 20 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 3.2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)

## Estimation uncertainty (continued)

Estimation  of  fair  value  of  investment  properties  and  revaluation  of  leasehold  land  and  owned buildings

In  the  absence  of  current  prices  in  an  active  market  for  similar  properties,  the  Group  considers information from a variety of sources, including:

- (a) current prices in an active market for properties of a different nature, condition or location, adjusted to reflect those differences; and
- (b) recent  prices  of  similar  properties  on  less  active  markets,  with  adjustments  to  reflect  any changes  in  economic  conditions  since  the  date  of  the  transactions  that  occurred  at  those prices.

The  carrying  amounts  of  investment  properties,  leasehold  land  and  owned  buildings  at 31  December  2022  were  HK$117,439,000  (2021:  HK$23,118,000),  HK$658,980,000 (2021: HK$694,957,000) and HK$38,310,000 (2021: HK$132,142,000), respectively.

## Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets

The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and contract assets. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.

The provision matrix is initially based on the Group's historical observed default rates. The Group will  calibrate  the  matrix  to  adjust  the  historical  credit  loss  experience  with  forward-looking information.  For  instance,  if  forecast  economic  conditions  (i.e.,  gross  domestic  products  and consumer price index) are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

The  assessment  of  the  correlation  among  historical  observed  default  rates,  forecast  economic conditions  and  ECLs  is  a  significant  estimate.  The  amount  of  ECLs  is  sensitive  to  changes  in circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group's historical credit loss experience and forecast  of  economic  conditions  may  also  not  be  representative  of  a  customer's  actual  default  in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group's trade receivables and contract assets is disclosed in note 24 and note 27 to the financial statements, respectively.

31 December 2022

## 3.2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)

## Estimation uncertainty (continued)

## Estimation of net realisable value of properties held for sale under development

Properties held for sale under development are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The estimated net realisable value is the estimated selling price less cost to make the sale and the estimated cost of completion (if any), which are estimated based on the best available information. The  carrying  amount  of  a  property  held  for  sale  under  development  at  31  December  2022  was HK$73,485,000  (2021:  HK$106,697,000).  Further  details  are  given  in  note  23  to  the  financial statements.

## Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)

The  Group  assesses  whether  there  are  any  indicators  of  impairment  for  all  non-financial  assets (including  the  right-of-use  assets)  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.  Non-financial  assets  are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An  impairment  exists  when  the  carrying  value  of  an  asset  or  a  cash-generating  unit  exceeds  its recoverable  amount,  which  is  the  higher  of  its  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  its  value  in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales  transactions  in  an  arm's  length  transaction  of  similar  assets  or  observable  market  prices less  incremental  costs  for  disposing  of  the  asset.  When  value  in  use  calculations  are  undertaken, management  must  estimate  the  expected  future  cash  flows  from  the  asset  or  cash-generating unit  and  choose  a  suitable  discount  rate  in  order  to  calculate  the  present  value  of  those  cash flows.  The  carrying  amounts  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  investment  in  an  associate  at 31  December  2022  were  HK$1,106,137,000  (2021:  HK$1,261,394,000)  and  HK$121,000 (2021:  HK$121,000),  respectively.  Further  details  are  given  in  notes  14  and  17  to  the  financial statements, respectively.

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has six reportable operating segments as follows:

- the plastic and chemical products segment consists of importing, marketing and distributing plastic and chemical products;
- the  building  related  contracting  services  segment  consists  of  the  provision  of  contracting services for both public and private sectors, including engineering contracting services in the air-conditioning industry and the provision of maintenance services;
- the foundation piling and ground investigation segment consists of the foundation piling and substructure construction works for both public and private sectors;
- the  building  construction  segment  consists  of  superstructure  construction  works  for  both public and private sectors;
- the aviation segment consists of the distribution and installation of aviation system and other hi-tech products; and
- the others segment consists of property holding and development, and investment holding.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

Management monitors the results of the Group's operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable segment profit, which is a measure of adjusted profit before tax. The adjusted profit before tax is measured consistently with the Group's profit before tax except that interest income, changes in fair value of investment properties, deficit from revaluation of property, plant and equipment as well as unallocated corporate gains and expenses are excluded from this measurement.

Segment  assets  exclude  deferred  tax  assets,  tax  recoverable,  an  equity  investment  at  fair  value through  other  comprehensive  income,  certain  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss and other unallocated head office and corporate assets as these assets are managed on a group basis.

Segment liabilities exclude tax payable, deferred tax liabilities and other unallocated head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.

Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted with reference to the selling prices used for sales made to third parties at the then prevailing market prices.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Year ended 31 December 2022

| Plastic and  chemical  products  Building  related  contracting  services  Building  construction  Foundation  piling and  ground  investigation  Aviation  Others  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment revenue (note 5)  Sales to external customers  450,592  2,348,631  948,025  1,801,475  349,636  -  5,898,359  Intersegment sales  129  3,340  1,954  4,368  -  -  9,791  Other revenue  462  17  213  2,633  1  -  3,326  451,183  2,351,988  950,192  1,808,476  349,637  -  5,911,476  Reconciliation  :  Elimination of intersegment sales  (9,791)  Revenue  5,901,685  Segment results  7,567  11,479  (21,442)  116,170  7,359  (39,679)  81,454  Reconciliation  :  Fair value change in financial assets  at fair value through profit or loss  3,350  Interest income and unallocated gains  2,951  Unallocated expenses  (43,524)  Changes in fair value of investment  properties  (2,051)  Deficit from revaluation of property,  plant and equipment  (5,418)  Profit before tax  36,762  Segment assets  342,539  1,643,949  651,455  1,529,160  317,027  285,737  4,769,867  Reconciliation  :  Elimination of intersegment receivables  (10,932)  Equity investment at fair value  through other comprehensive income  7,217  Financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  20,178  Corporate and other unallocated assets  49,566  Total assets  4,835,896  Segment liabilities  42,826  1,083,402  268,966  823,923  192,991  45,914  2,458,022  Reconciliation  :  Elimination of intersegment payables  (10,932)  Corporate and other unallocated  liabilities  136,229  Total liabilities  2,583,319  Other segment information:  Investment in an associate  -  -  -  121  -  -  121  Impairment of trade receivables  -  -  -  9,458  -  -  9,458  Provision/(write-back of provision) for  inventories included in cost of  inventories sold  5,004  100  -  -  -  -  5,104  Write-down of a property held for  sale under development to net  realisable value included in cost of  inventories sold  -  -  -  -  -  36,000  36,000  Depreciation  8,346  20,220  8,527  71,418  4,167  9,745  122,423  Capital expenditure*  1,768  7,090  171  59,560  2,858  26  71,473   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Capital expenditure represents additions to property, plant and equipment and investment properties, excluding right-of-use assets arising from leased buildings.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2021

| Plastic and  chemical  products  Building  related  contracting  services  Building  construction  Foundation  piling and  ground  investigation  Aviation  Others  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment revenue (note 5)  Sales to external customers  572,250  2,683,680  1,119,749  2,042,378  381,764  -  6,799,821  Intersegment sales  63  1,863  77,674  -  -  -  79,600  Other revenue  727  27  46  246  1  -  1,047  573,040  2,685,570  1,197,469  2,042,624  381,765  -  6,880,468  Reconciliation  :  Elimination of intersegment sales  (79,600)  Revenue  6,800,868  Segment results  25,452  82,005  (41,465)  81,699  13,393  (3,653)  157,431  Reconciliation  :  Fair value change in financial assets  at fair value through profit or loss  7,997  Interest income and unallocated gains  3,030  Unallocated expenses  (39,677)  Changes in fair value of investment  properties  565  Deficit from revaluation of property,  plant and equipment  (40)  Profit before tax  129,306  Segment assets  385,265  1,780,299  783,313  1,216,057  373,881  348,668  4,887,483  Reconciliation  :  Elimination of intersegment receivables  (17,253)  Equity investment at fair value through  other comprehensive income  6,437  Financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  14,839  Corporate and other unallocated assets  43,990  Total assets  4,935,496  Segment liabilities  85,435  1,159,355  386,403  600,273  236,165  68,489  2,536,120  Reconciliation  :  Elimination of intersegment payables  (17,253)  Corporate and other unallocated  liabilities  149,044  Total liabilities  2,667,911  Other segment information:  Investment in an associate  -  -  -  121  -  -  121  Provision/(write-back of provision)  for inventories included in cost of  inventories sold  (2,003)  30  -  -  (158)  -  (2,131)  Depreciation  7,531  20,726  8,027  68,738  3,230  7,949  116,201  Capital expenditure*  419  15,740  752  72,762  2,506  20,943  113,122   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Capital expenditure represents additions to property, plant and equipment and investment properties, excluding right-of-use assets arising from leased buildings.

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Geographical information

## (a) Revenue from external customers

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  5,070,852  5,895,650  Mainland China and Macau  827,507  904,171  5,898,359  6,799,821   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

## (b) Non-current assets

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  971,294  936,659  Mainland China and Macau  252,282  347,853  1,223,576  1,284,512   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes an investment in an associate, an investment in a joint venture, an equity investment at fair value  through  other  comprehensive  income,  goodwill,  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through profit or loss, the non-current portion of deposits and deferred tax assets.

## Information about major customers

During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, none of the Group's revenue derived from transactions with a single external customer amounted to 10 percent or more of the Group's revenue.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME

An analysis of revenue and other income is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  Sale of goods  572,482  769,469  Construction services  5,325,877  6,030,352  5,898,359  6,799,821  ## Revenue from contracts with customers   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Disaggregated revenue information

## For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Segments  Plastic and  chemical  products  Building  related  contracting  services  Building  construction  Foundation  piling and  ground  investigation  Aviation  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Types of goods or services  Sale of goods  450,592  121,890  -  -  -  572,482  Construction services  -  2,226,741  948,025  1,801,475  349,636  5,325,877  Total revenue from contracts with customers  450,592  2,348,631  948,025  1,801,475  349,636  5,898,359  Geographical markets  Hong Kong  393,753  1,795,243  732,929  1,801,475  347,452  5,070,852  Mainland China and Macau  56,839  553,388  215,096  -  2,184  827,507  Total revenue from contracts with customers  450,592  2,348,631  948,025  1,801,475  349,636  5,898,359  Timing of revenue recognition  Goods transferred at a point in time  450,592  121,890  -  -  -  572,482  Services transferred over time  -  2,226,741  948,025  1,801,475  349,636  5,325,877  Total revenue from contracts with customers  450,592  2,348,631  948,025  1,801,475  349,636  5,898,359   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

(i) Disaggregated revenue information (continued)

For the year ended 31 December 2021

| Segments  Plastic and  chemical  products  Building  related  contracting  Building  construction  Foundation  piling and  ground  investigation  Aviation  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Types of goods or services  Sale of goods  572,250  197,219  -  -  -  769,469  Construction services  -  2,486,461  1,119,749  2,042,378  381,764  6,030,352  Total revenue from contracts with customers  572,250  2,683,680  1,119,749  2,042,378  381,764  6,799,821  Geographical markets  Hong Kong  499,687  2,473,564  501,303  2,042,378  378,718  5,895,650  Mainland China and Macau  72,563  210,116  618,446  -  3,046  904,171  Total revenue from contracts with customers  572,250  2,683,680  1,119,749  2,042,378  381,764  6,799,821  Timing of revenue recognition  Goods transferred at a point in time  572,250  197,219  -  -  -  769,469  Services transferred over time  -  2,486,461  1,119,749  2,042,378  381,764  6,030,352  Total revenue from contracts with customers  572,250  2,683,680  1,119,749  2,042,378  381,764  6,799,821   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

## (i) Disaggregated revenue information (continued)

Set  out  below  is  the  reconciliation  of  the  revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  with  the amounts disclosed in the segment information:

## For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Segments  Plastic and  chemical  products  Building  related  contracting  services  Building  construction  Foundation  piling and  ground  investigation  Aviation  Others  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Sales to external customers  450,592  2,348,631  948,025  1,801,475  349,636  -  5,898,359  Intersegment sales  129  3,340  1,954  4,368  -  -  9,791  Other revenue  462  17  213  2,633  1  -  3,326  Segment revenue  451,183  2,351,988  950,192  1,808,476  349,637  -  5,911,476  Intersegment adjustments  and eliminations  (129)  (3,340)  (1,954)  (4,368)  -  -  (9,791)  Other revenue classified  as other income  (462)  (17)  (213)  (2,633)  (1)  -  (3,326)  Revenue from contracts  with customers  450,592  2,348,631  948,025  1,801,475  349,636  -  5,898,359   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For the year ended 31 December 2021

| Segments  Plastic and  chemical  products  Building  related  contracting  services  Building  construction  Foundation  piling and  ground  investigation  Aviation  Others  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Sales to external customers  572,250  2,683,680  1,119,749  2,042,378  381,764  -  6,799,821  Intersegment sales  63  1,863  77,674  -  -  -  79,600  Other revenue  727  27  46  246  1  -  1,047  Segment revenue  573,040  2,685,570  1,197,469  2,042,624  381,765  -  6,880,468  Intersegment adjustments  and eliminations  (63)  (1,863)  (77,674)  -  -  -  (79,600)  Other revenue classified  as other income  (727)  (27)  (46)  (246)  (1)  -  (1,047)  Revenue from contracts  with customers  572,250  2,683,680  1,119,749  2,042,378  381,764  -  6,799,821   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

## (i) Disaggregated revenue information (continued)

The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that  were  included  in  the  contract  liabilities  at  the  beginning  of  the  reporting  period  and recognised from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue recognised that was included in contract  liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:  Construction services  558,137  471,069  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue recognised from performance obligations  satisfied in previous periods:  Construction services not previously recognised  due to constraints on variable consideration  9,087  16,964   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Performance obligations

Information about the Group's performance obligations is summarised below:

## Sale of goods

The  performance  obligation  is  satisfied  upon  delivery  of  the  products  and  payment  is generally  due  within  60  days  from  delivery,  except  for  new  customers,  where  payment  in advance is normally required.

## Construction services

The  performance  obligation  is  satisfied  over  time  as  services  are  rendered  and  payment is  generally  due  on  delivery  to  60  days  from  the  date  of  billing.  A  certain  percentage  of payment  is  retained  by  customers  until  the  end  of  the  retention  period  as  the  Group's entitlement to the final payment is conditional on the satisfaction of the service quality by the customers over a certain period as stipulated in the contracts.

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

## (ii) Performance obligations (continued)

The  amounts  of  transaction  prices  allocated  to  the  remaining  performance  obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:  Within one year  5,304,650  5,805,604  After one year  2,831,242  2,812,863  8,135,892  8,618,467   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations which are  expected  to  be  recognised  as  revenue  after  one  year  relate  to  construction  services,  of which the performance obligations are to be satisfied within five years. All the other amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations are expected to be recognised as revenue within one year. The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other income  Interest income  3,024  145  Commission income  75  42  Others  3,178  3,890  6,277  4,077   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 6. OTHER OPERATING INCOME, NET

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fair value changes in financial assets  at fair value through profit or loss  3,725  8,872  Fair value gains on derivative financial instruments  - transactions not qualifying as hedges  -  3,958  Foreign exchange differences, net  (3,640)  (1,580)  Government subsidies (note)  38,152  3,204  Loss on disposal of items of property,  plant and equipment, net  (3)  (2,016)  Impairment of trade receivables  (9,458)  -  28,776  12,438   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note :  The government subsidies represent mainly grants from the Employment Support Scheme of the Hong Kong Government, which aims to retain employment and combat COVID-19. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these subsidies.

## 7. FINANCE COSTS

An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on bank loans and overdrafts  14,444  9,283  Interest on lease liabilities (note 16)  3,856  4,201  Implicit interest on other payable  1,894  3,078  Less: Interest capitalised under a property held for sale  under development  (1,493)  (662)  18,701  15,900   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 8. PROFIT BEFORE TAX

The Group's profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost of inventories sold  521,070  646,358  Cost of services provided  4,807,770  5,506,904  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (excluding right-of-use assets)  14  85,868  80,666  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  14  36,555  35,535  Lease payments not included in the measurement  of lease liabilities  16  9,138  7,189  Auditor's remuneration:  Charge for the year  4,057  3,986  Underprovision in prior years  188  275  4,245  4,261  Employee benefit expense (including directors'  remuneration (note 9)):  Wages and salaries  847,250  825,760  Pension scheme contributions*  31,953  34,244  879,203  860,004  Direct operating expenses (including repairs and  maintenance) arising on rental-earning investment  properties  167  167  Provision/(write-back of provision) for inventories  included in cost of inventories sold  5,104  (2,131)  Impairment of trade receivables  9,458  -  Write-down of a property held for sale under  development to net realisable value included  in cost of inventories sold  36,000  -  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and  equipment, net  3  2,016  Government subsidies  (38,152)  (3,204)  Net loss/(gain) from a fair value adjustment of  investment properties, net  2,051  (565)  Fair value changes in financial assets  at fair value through profit or loss  (3,725)  (8,872)  Fair value gains on derivative financial instruments  - transactions not qualifying as hedges  -  (3,958)  Foreign exchange differences, net  3,640  1,580   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have significant forfeited contributions available to reduce its contributions to the pension schemes in future years (2021: Nil).

## 9. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

Directors'  remuneration  for  the  year,  disclosed  pursuant  to  the  Listing  Rules,  sections  383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fees  1,880  1,440  Other emoluments:  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  7,175  6,531  Performance-related bonuses*  18,450  18,330  Pension scheme contributions  372  327  25,997  25,188  27,877  26,628   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Certain executive directors of the Company are entitled to bonus payments which are determined with reference to profit for the year of the Group.

## (a) Independent non-executive directors

The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Chi-Chiu Wu  320  251  Ronald James Blake  320  251  Anthony King-Yan Tong  320  136  Dee-Dee Chan  320  3  Yuen-Tin Ng (passed away on 25 February 2021)  -  31  1,280  672   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2021: Nil).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION (continued)

## (b) Executive directors and non-executive directors

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Performance-  related  bonuses  Pension  scheme  contributions  Total  remuneration  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Executive directors:  James Sai-Wing Wong  -  -  3,000  -  3,000  Yuen-Keung Chan  (i)  200  480  10,000  -  10,680  James Sing-Wai Wong  (ii)  200  4,355  2,950  372  7,877  Philip Bing-Lun Lam  (iii)  200  2,340  2,500  -  5,040  600  7,175  18,450  372  26,597  Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Performance-  related  bonuses  Pension  scheme  contributions  Total  remuneration  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2021  Executive directors:  James Sai-Wing Wong  -  -  3,000  -  3,000  Yuen-Keung Chan  (i)  200  480  10,000  -  10,680  James Sing-Wai Wong  (ii)  200  3,971  2,830  327  7,328  Philip Bing-Lun Lam  (iii)  200  2,080  2,500  -  4,780  600  6,531  18,330  327  25,788  Non-executive director:  Wendy Kim-See Gan  168  -  -  -  168  768  6,531  18,330  327  25,956   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There  was  no  arrangement  under  which  a  director  waived  or  agreed  to  waive  any remuneration during the year.

## 9. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION (continued)

## (b) Executive directors and non-executive directors (continued)

Notes :

- (i) Included  the  director's  fees  of  HK$200,000  (2021:  HK$200,000)  and  performance-related bonuses of HK$7,000,000 (2021: HK$7,000,000) as an executive director of Chinney Kin Wing.
- (ii) Included  the  director's  fees  of  HK$200,000  (2021:  HK$200,000)  and  performance-related bonuses of HK$1,000,000 (2021: HK$1,000,000) as an executive director of Chinney Kin Wing.
- (iii) Included  the  director's  fees  of  HK$200,000  (2021:  HK$200,000)  and  performance-related bonuses of HK$1,000,000 (2021: HK$1,000,000) as an executive director of Chinney Kin Wing.

## 10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

The five highest paid employees of the Group included two (2021: three) directors of the Company, details of whose remuneration are set out in note 9 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three (2021: two) non-director highest paid employees for the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Basic salaries and other benefits in kind  11,309  7,929  Bonuses paid and payable  12,230  8,800  Pension scheme contributions  798  681  Gratuity and long service payment  5,390  -  29,727  17,410   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The number of non-director highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

| Number of employees  2022  2021  HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000  1  1  HK$11,000,001 to HK$11,500,000  1  -  HK$12,000,001 to HK$12,500,000  -  1  HK$13,000,001 to HK$13,500,000  1  -  3  2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 11. INCOME TAX

Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate  of  16.5%  (2021:  16.5%)  on  the  estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current - Hong Kong  Charge for the year  31,691  37,582  Overprovision in prior years  (241)  (611)  Current - Elsewhere  Charge for the year  416  2,082  Overprovision in prior years  (294)  (3)  Deferred (note 32)  (9,096)  (4,114)  Total tax charge for the year  22,476  34,936   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates to the tax charge for the year at the effective rate is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit before tax  36,762  129,306  Tax at the applicable statutory tax rates  4,242  20,917  Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods  (535)  (614)  Income not subject to tax  (8,186)  (15)  Expenses not deductible for tax  9,683  4,145  Tax losses utilised from previous periods  (3,423)  (4,696)  Tax losses not recognised  13,846  18,241  Others  6,849  (3,042)  Tax charge for the year at the effective rate of 61.1%  (2021: 27.0%)  22,476  34,936   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. DIVIDEND

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Proposed final dividend - HK2.50 cents (2021: HK2.75 cents)  per ordinary share  14,872  16,360   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The proposed final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company's shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

## 13. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

The  calculation  of  the  basic  earnings/(loss)  per  share  amount  is  based  on  the  profit/(loss)  for  the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company, and the number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The calculations of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share are based on:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Basic  Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of  the Company  (10,197)  77,379  Number of shares  2022  2021  Shares  Number of ordinary shares in issue during the year  594,899,245  594,899,245   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Right-of-use assets  Owned assets  Leasehold  land  Leased  land and  buildings  Sub-total  Buildings  Construction  in progress  Leasehold  improvements  Plant and  machinery  Furniture,  fixtures  and  equipment  Yacht  Motor  vehicles  Sub-total  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  31 December 2022  At 1 January 2022:  Cost or valuation  694,957  114,839  809,796  132,142  956  68,901  741,178  71,823  16,529  17,336  1,048,865  1,858,661  Accumulated  depreciation  -  (39,676)  (39,676)  -  -  (32,317)  (478,280)  (33,582)  (1,081)  (12,331)  (557,591)  (597,267)  Net carrying amount  694,957  75,163  770,120  132,142  956  36,584  262,898  38,241  15,448  5,005  491,274  1,261,394  At 1 January 2022:  694,957  75,163  770,120  132,142  956  36,584  262,898  38,241  15,448  5,005  491,274  1,261,394  Additions  -  4,174  4,174  -  1,083  2,225  62,899  2,642  -  2,624  71,473  75,647  Disposals  -  -  -  -  -  -  (17)  (56)  -  (88)  (161)  (161)  Transfer to investment  properties  (21,740)  -  (21,740)  (74,632)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (74,632)  (96,372)  Transfer to costs  of construction  contracts  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,620)  -  -  -  (2,620)  (2,620)  Transfer  -  -  -  -  (1,990)  1,990  -  -  -  -  -  -  Surplus/(deficit)  on revaluation  credited to other  comprehensive  income  18,065  -  18,065  (3,738)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (3,738)  14,327  Deficit on revaluation  charged to profit or  loss  (3,121)  -  (3,121)  (2,297)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,297)  (5,418)  Depreciation provided  during the year  (27,033)  (9,522)  (36,555)  (5,725)  -  (8,835)  (60,832)  (5,956)  (2,400)  (2,120)  (85,868)  (122,423)  Exchange realignment  (2,148)  (4,031)  (6,179)  (7,440)  (49)  (1,762)  (717)  (2,067)  -  (23)  (12,058)  (18,237)  At 31 December  2022, net of  accumulated  depreciation  658,980  65,784  724,764  38,310  -  30,202  261,611  32,804  13,048  5,398  381,373  1,106,137  At 31 December  2022:  Cost or valuation  658,980  93,140  752,120  38,310  -  71,077  795,212  71,722  16,529  18,577  1,011,427  1,763,547  Accumulated  depreciation  -  (27,356)  (27,356)  -  -  (40,875)  (533,601)  (38,918)  (3,481)  (13,179)  (630,054)  (657,410)  Net carrying amount  658,980  65,784  724,764  38,310  -  30,202  261,611  32,804  13,048  5,398  381,373  1,106,137   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

| Right-of-use assets  Owned assets  Leasehold  land  Leased  land and  buildings  Sub-total  Buildings  Construction  in progress  Leasehold  improvements  Plant and  machinery  Furniture,  fixtures  and  equipment  Yacht  Motor  vehicles  Sub-total  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  31 December 2021  At 1 January 2021:  Cost or valuation  650,399  96,037  746,436  127,277  5,123  48,504  696,399  63,750  693  13,712  955,458  1,701,894  Accumulated  depreciation  -  (14,393)  (14,393)  -  -  (24,207)  (435,788)  (27,603)  (166)  (10,802)  (498,566)  (512,959)  Net carrying amount  650,399  81,644  732,043  127,277  5,123  24,297  260,611  36,147  527  2,910  456,892  1,188,935  At 1 January 2021:  650,399  81,644  732,043  127,277  5,123  24,297  260,611  36,147  527  2,910  456,892  1,188,935  Additions  4,846  3,380  8,226  255  4,313  11,345  65,279  7,257  15,836  3,991  108,276  116,502  Disposals  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,247)  (21)  -  (165)  (2,433)  (2,433)  Lease modification  -  (392)  (392)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (392)  Transfer  -  -  -  -  (8,578)  8,578  -  -  -  -  -  -  Transfer to costs  of construction  contracts  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,490)  -  -  -  (2,490)  (2,490)  Surplus on revaluation  credited to other  comprehensive  income  63,484  -  63,484  7,447  -  -  -  -  -  -  7,447  70,931  Deficit on revaluation  charged to profit or  loss  (38)  -  (38)  (2)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2)  (40)  Depreciation provided  during the year  (24,549)  (10,986)  (35,535)  (5,566)  -  (8,046)  (58,486)  (5,916)  (915)  (1,737)  (80,666)  (116,201)  Exchange realignment  815  1,517  2,332  2,731  98  410  231  774  -  6  4,250  6,582  At 31 December  2021, net of  accumulated  depreciation  694,957  75,163  770,120  132,142  956  36,584  262,898  38,241  15,448  5,005  491,274  1,261,394  At 31 December  2021:  Cost or valuation  694,957  114,839  809,796  132,142  956  68,901  741,178  71,823  16,529  17,336  1,048,865  1,858,661  Accumulated  depreciation  -  (39,676)  (39,676)  -  -  (32,317)  (478,280)  (33,582)  (1,081)  (12,331)  (557,591)  (597,267)  Net carrying amount  694,957  75,163  770,120  132,142  956  36,584  262,898  38,241  15,448  5,005  491,274  1,261,394   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

Notes :

- (a) The  Company's  right-of-use  of  leasehold  land,  together  with  the  owned  buildings  are  held  for  own use. The leasehold land in Hong Kong is held on medium-term leases expiring on 30 June 2047. The leasehold land in the Mainland China is held on medium-term leases expiring in 2043.
- (b) The Group has lease contracts for buildings used in its operations. Leases of buildings generally have lease terms between two and twenty years.
- (c) At 31 December 2022, certain leasehold land and owned properties with an aggregate carrying value of HK$142,700,000 (2021: HK$145,390,000) were pledged to banks to secure bank loans granted to the Group.

At  31  December  2022,  other  than  one  of  the  Group's  leasehold  land  which  was  revalued  at HK$177,000,000 by the directors with reference to a valuation report performed by A.G. Wilkinson &amp;  Associates  (Surveyors)  Limited,  independent  professionally  qualified  valuers,  at  an  aggregate open market value based on its existing use basis on 31 December 2022, the Group's remaining leasehold  land  and  owned  buildings  were  revalued  individually  on  31  December  2022  by  Savills Valuation  and  Professional  Services  Limited,  an  independent  professionally  qualified  valuer,  at an  aggregate  open  market  value  of  HK$520,290,000  based  on  their  existing  uses.  A  revaluation surplus of HK$14,327,000 and revaluation deficits aggregating HK$5,418,000, resulting from the above  valuations,  have  been  credited  to  other  comprehensive  income  and  charged  to  profit  or loss,  respectively.  Had  the  leasehold  land  and  owned  buildings  been  carried  at  historical  cost  less accumulated depreciation, their carrying amount would have been approximately HK$296,642,000 (2021: HK$397,159,000).

## Fair value hierarchy

The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group's leasehold land and owned buildings:

| Fair value measurement as at 31 December 2022 using  Quoted  prices in  active  markets  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Recurring fair value measurement for:  Leasehold land and owned buildings  -  -  697,290  697,290   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

Fair value hierarchy (continued)

| Fair value measurement as at 31 December 2021 using  Quoted  prices in  active  markets  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Recurring fair value measurement for:  Leasehold land and owned buildings  -  -  827,099  827,099   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 (2021: Nil).

Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

| Leasehold  land  Owned  buildings  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the year ended 31 December 2021  Carrying amount at 1 January 2021  650,399  127,277  777,676  Additions  4,846  255  5,101  Depreciation  (24,549)  (5,566)  (30,115)  Surplus on revaluation recognised in other  comprehensive income  63,484  7,447  70,931  Deficit on revaluation recognised in profit or loss  (38)  (2)  (40)  Exchange realignment  815  2,731  3,546  Carrying amount at 31 December 2021  694,957  132,142  827,099   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

## Fair value hierarchy (continued)

Reconciliation  of  fair  value  measurements  categorised  within  Level  3  of  the  fair  value  hierarchy: (continued)

| Leasehold  land  Owned  buildings  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the year ended 31 December 2022  Carrying amount at 1 January 2022  694,957  132,142  827,099  Transfer to investment properties  (21,740)  (74,632)  (96,372)  Depreciation  (27,033)  (5,725)  (32,758)  Surplus/(deficit) on revaluation recognised in  other comprehensive income  18,065  (3,738)  14,327  Deficit on revaluation recognised in profit or loss  (3,121)  (2,297)  (5,418)  Exchange realignment  (2,148)  (7,440)  (9,588)  Carrying amount at 31 December 2022  658,980  38,310  697,290   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Set out below is a summary of the valuation technique used and the key inputs to the valuation of the Group's properties held for own use:

| Valuation  technique  Significant  unobservable  input  Range  2022  2021  Leasehold land and owned  buildings held for own use  Direct  comparison  approach  Prevailing  market price  (per sq. ft.)  HK$2,368 to  HK$11,722  HK$119 to  HK$10,667  Carpark held for own use  Direct  comparison  approach  Prevailing  market price  (per carpark)  HK$1,550,000 to  HK$3,500,000  HK$1,550,000 to  HK$3,500,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of properties held for own use is determined using the direct comparison approach for  valuing  these  properties  in  their  respective  existing  condition  and  use  on  the  market  basis assuming  sale  with  immediate  vacant  possession  and  by  making  reference  to  comparable  sales evidence. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the properties which include the location, size, view, floor level, year of completion and other factors collectively. Higher premium for properties with positive characteristics will result in a higher fair value measurement.

## 15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Carrying amount at 1 January  23,118  22,553  Net gain/(loss) from a fair value adjustment  (2,051)  565  Transfer from property, plant and equipment  96,372  -  Carrying amount at 31 December  117,439  23,118   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  investment  properties  were  revalued  on  31  December  2022  based  on  valuations performed  by  Savills  Valuation  and  Professional  Services  Limited  and  Knight  Frank  Petty  Limited, independent professionally qualified valuers, at HK$117,439,000.

At 31 December 2022 and 2021, none of the Group's investment properties was pledged.

## Fair value hierarchy

The  following  table  illustrates  the  fair  value  measurement  hierarchy  of  the  Group's  investment properties:

| Fair value measurement as at 31 December 2022 using  Quoted  prices in  active  markets  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Recurring fair value measurement for:  Commercial properties  -  -  21,067  21,067  Industrial properties  -  -  96,372  96,372  Fair value measurement as at 31 December 2021 using  Quoted  prices in  active  markets  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Recurring fair value measurement for:  Commercial properties  -  -  23,118  23,118   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 (2021: Nil).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)

## Fair value hierarchy (continued)

Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

| HK$'000  Carrying amount at 1 January 2021  22,553  Net gain from a fair value adjustment recognised in profit or loss  565  Carrying amount at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  23,118  Net loss from a fair value adjustment recognised in profit or loss  (2,051)  Transfer from property, plant and equipment  96,372  ## Carrying amount at 31 December 2022  117,439   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Set out below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment properties:

| Valuation  technique  Significant  unobservable  input  Range  2022  2021  Commercial properties  Direct  comparison  approach  Prevailing  market price  (per sq.m.)  HK$30,651 to  HK$38,353  HK$33,259 to  HK$41,592  Industrial properties  Direct  comparison  approach  Prevailing  market price  (per sq.m.)  HK$1,132 to  HK$1,681  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Direct comparison approach

The  fair  value  of  investment  properties  is  determined  using  the  direct  comparison  approach  for valuing these properties in their respective existing condition and use on the market basis assuming sale with immediate vacant possession and by making reference to comparable sales evidence. The valuations take into account the characteristics of the properties which include the location, size, view,  floor  level,  year  of  completion  and  other  factors  collectively.  Higher  prevailing  market  price for properties with positive characteristics will result in a higher fair value measurement.

## 16. LEASES

## The Group as a lessee

The  Group  has  lease  contracts  for  land  and  buildings  used  in  its  operations.  Leases  of  land  and buildings  generally  have  lease  terms  between  one  and  twenty  years.  Generally,  the  Group  is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets outside the Group.

## (a) Lease liabilities

The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Carrying amount at 1 January  63,006  65,140  New leases  4,174  3,380  Accretion of interest recognised during the year  3,856  4,201  Payments  (9,382)  (10,939)  Lease modification  -  (392)  Exchange re-alignment  (4,793)  1,616  Carrying amount at 31 December  56,861  63,006  Analysed into:  Current portion  4,429  4,934  Non-current portion  52,432  58,072   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 42 to the financial statements.

(b) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on lease liabilities (note 7)  3,856  4,201  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  36,555  35,535  Deficit on revaluation charged to profit or loss  3,121  38  Expense relating to short-term leases  (included in cost of services provided and  administrative expenses)  9,138  7,189  Total amount recognised in profit or loss  52,670  46,963   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(c) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 38(c) to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 17. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE

On  30  September  2020,  Chinney  Kin  Wing  Property  Limited,  an  indirect  non  wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into an agreement with an independent third party, Profit Gainer Holdings  Limited  ('Profit  Gainer'),  for  the  acquisition  of  50%  equity  interest  of  Senior  Rich Development  Limited  (the  'Acquisition')  and  two  long-term  lease  agreements  of  leasehold  land pursuant to the Acquisition at a consideration of HK$190,000,000 to be satisfied by (i) an initial deposit of HK$2,000,000; (ii) cash payment of HK$62,000,000 upon completion of the Acquisition; and  (iii)  payment  of  the  remaining  balance  of  HK$126,000,000  by  thirty-six  (36)  monthly installments with 36 post-dated cheques at HK$3,500,000 each to Profit Gainer upon completion of  the  Acquisition.  Upon  completion  of  the  Acquisition,  on  28  December  2020,  Senior  Rich Development Limited became an associate of the Group, with two right-of-use assets recognised by the Group for these two long term lease agreements of leasehold land.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Share of net assets  121  121   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|

Particulars of the associate as at 31 December 2022 are as follows:

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  registration  and business  Particulars of  registered/  issued  capital held  Percentage of  ownership  interest  attributable to  the Group  Principal  activities  2022  2021  Senior Rich Development  Limited  Hong Kong  Class 'A'  voting shares - HK$380  50  50  Property  investment  Class 'B'  non-voting shares -  HK$10,000  50  50   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above investment is indirectly held by the Company.

## 17. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (continued)

The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group's associate that is not individually material:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Share of the associate's profit for the year  -  -  Share of an associate's other comprehensive income  -  -  Share of the associate's total comprehensive income  -  -  Aggregate carrying amount of the Group's  investment in the associate  121  121  ## 18. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT ARRANGEMENTS  ## Joint venture  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Share of net assets  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The balance with a joint venture is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

Particulars of the Group's joint venture are as follows:

| Percentage of  Name  Place of  registration  and business  Ownership  interest  Voting  power  Profit  sharing  Principal  activity  Chinney P &amp; H Studio Co., Ltd.  ('Chinney P &amp; H')  Macau  50  50  50  Provision of fitting  out works   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above investment in a joint venture is indirectly held by the Company.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 18. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT ARRANGEMENTS (continued)

## Joint venture (continued)

The  following  table  illustrates  the  summarised  financial  information  of  Chinney  P  &amp;  H  adjusted for  any  differences  in  accounting  policies  and  reconciled  to  the  carrying  amount  in  the  financial statements:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Share of the joint venture's assets and liabilities:  Current assets  186  186  Current liabilities  (484)  (484)  Net liabilities  (298)  (298)  Share of the joint venture's results:  Total revenue  -  -  Total expenses  -  -  Loss after tax  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of losses of the joint venture because the losses exceeded the Group's investment in the joint venture. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group will not continue to provide further financial support or capital injection to the joint venture. The Group does not have any unrecognised share of losses of the joint venture for the current year (2021: Nil). At 31 December 2022, the aggregate unrecognised share of losses of the joint venture amounted to HK$298,000 (2021: HK$298,000).

## Joint operation

Particulars of the Group's joint arrangement is as follows:

| Form of  business  Place of  registration  Percentage of  interest  attributable  to the Group  Principal  Name  structure  and business  2022  2021  activity  Southa - Shun Cheong  3408 Joint Venture  Unincorporated  Hong Kong  50  -  Electrical and  mechanical  engineering   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Under the joint venture agreement, the Group and the other party to the joint arrangement have rights to the assets and obligations to the liabilities relating to the joint arrangement, therefore this body unincorporate is classified as a joint operation.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 19. EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity investment at fair value through  other comprehensive income  Unlisted equity investment, at fair value  7,217  6,437   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  above  equity  investment  was  irrevocably  measured  at  fair  value  as  the  Group  considers  this investment to be strategic in nature.

## 20. GOODWILL

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost and carrying amount at 1 January and 31 December  14,369  14,369  At 31 December:  Cost  14,767  14,767  Accumulated impairment  (398)  (398)  Net carrying amount  14,369  14,369   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment testing of goodwill

For  impairment  testing,  goodwill  acquired  through  business  combination  has  been  allocated  to three cash-generating units which are involved in building related contracting services, trading of electrical installation products and data centre solution.

## Building related contracting services

The recoverable amount of the building related contracting services cash-generating unit has been determined  based  on  a  value  in  use  calculation  using  cash  flow  projections  based  on  financial budgets approved by senior management. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 13.2% (2021: 10.0%).

## Trading of electrical installation products

The recoverable amount of the trading of electrical installation products cash-generating unit has been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by senior management. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 18.0% (2021: 15.0%).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20. GOODWILL (continued)

## Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

## Data centre solution

The  recoverable  amount  of  the  data  centre  solution  cash-generating  unit  has  been  determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by  senior  management.  The  discount  rate  applied  to  the  cash  flow  projections  is  20.7%  (2021: 15.0%).

Assumptions used in the value in use calculation for 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

Budgeted  gross  margins:  The  basis  used  to  determine  the  value  assigned  to  the  budgeted  gross margins is the estimated gross margins related to signed but uncompleted construction contracts on hand and estimated product sales of confirmed orders.

Discount  rates:  The  discount  rates  used  are  before  tax  and  reflect  specific  risks  relating  to  the relevant units.

The values assigned to the key assumptions on market development of the industries of building related  contracting  services,  trading  of  electrical  installation  products  and  data  centre  solution, budgeted gross margins and discount rates are consistent with external information sources.

## 21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  Club memberships, at fair value  5,814  5,439  Unlisted other investment, at fair value  20,764  14,556  26,578  19,995   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  above  unlisted  investments  at  31  December  2022  were  mandatorily  classified  as  financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.

## 22. INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Raw materials  71,098  75,139  Finished goods  14,271  21,059  85,369  96,198   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23. PROPERTY HELD FOR SALE UNDER DEVELOPMENT

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Property held for sale under development  - pending construction expected to be recovered:  After one year  73,485  106,697   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  December  2022,  the  property  held  for  sale  under  development  was  pledged  to  a  bank  to secure certain bank loans granted to the Group.

## 24. TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  825,380  836,025  Impairment  (10,509)  (1,051)  814,871  834,974   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit periods range from cash  on  delivery  to  60  days.  A  longer  credit  period  may  be  allowed  for  customers  with  good business  relationships  with  the  Group.  Each  customer  has  a  maximum  credit  limit.  The  Group seeks  to  maintain  strict  control  over  its  outstanding  receivables.  Overdue  balances  are  reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group's trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

An  ageing  analysis  of  the  trade  receivables  as  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  based  on  the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current to 30 days  514,758  519,137  31 to 60 days  167,503  213,096  61 to 90 days  50,664  45,642  Over 90 days  81,946  57,099  814,871  834,974   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24. TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued)

The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At beginning of year  1,051  1,051  Impairment losses (note 6)  9,458  -  At end of year  10,509  1,051   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An impairment  analysis  is  performed  at  each  reporting  date  using  a  provision  matrix  to  measure expected  credit  losses.  The  provision  rates  are  based  on  days  past  due  for  groupings  of  various customer  segments  with  similar  loss  patterns.  The  calculation  reflects  the  probability-weighted outcome,  the  time  value  of  money  and  reasonable  and  supportable  information  that  is  available at  the  reporting  date  about  past  events,  current  conditions  and  forecasts  of  future  economic conditions.

Set  out  below  is  the  information  about  the  credit  risk  exposure  on  the  Group's  trade  receivables using a provision matrix:

## As at 31 December 2022

| Past due  Current  Less than  1 month  1 to 3  months  Over  3 months  Total  Expected credit loss rate  0.12%  0.07%  0.35%  14.90%  1.27%  Gross carrying amount  (HK$'000)  527,918  168,529  65,021  63,912  825,380  Expected credit losses  (HK$'000)  644  113  227  9,525  10,509   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2021,  except  for  a  trade  receivable  from  a  doubtful  customer  with  a  high default  risk  of  HK$1,051,000,  which  was  fully  impaired  in  the  prior  years,  the  expected  credit loss rate and the loss allowance for the remaining trade receivables at each ageing category as at 31 December 2021 were assessed to be minimal.

## 25. AMOUNT DUE FROM A RELATED COMPANY

The  amount  due  from  a  related  company  represented  construction  contracting  income  certified from Honour Well Development Limited ('Honour Well') and Gold Famous Development Limited ('Gold Famous') as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 respectively. Honour Well and Gold Famous are  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiaries  of  Hon  Kwok  Land  Investment  Company,  Limited ('Hon  Kwok')  of  which  Dr.  James  Sai-Wing  Wong,  a  director  and  a  controlling  shareholder  of the Company, is also a director of and has a beneficial interest in. Mr. James Sing-Wai Wong and Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam are common directors of the Company and Hon Kwok.

The amount due from a related company was unsecured, interest-free and repayable within 30 days. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the loss allowance was assessed to be minimal.

## 26. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Prepayments  15,717  6,739  Deposits and other receivables  281,417  233,271  297,134  240,010  Portion classified as non-current:  Deposits  12,354  7,671  Current portion  284,780  232,339   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  financial  assets  included  in  the  above  balances  relate  to  receivables  for  which  there  was  no recent  history  of  default  and  past  due  amounts.  As  at  31  December  2022  and  2021,  the  loss allowance was assessed to be minimal.

## 27. CONTRACT ASSETS

| 31 December  31 December  1 January  2022  2021  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Unbilled revenue  (a)  870,130  1,063,000  849,649  Retention monies receivable  (b)  632,541  590,825  551,450  1,502,671  1,653,825  1,401,099   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 27. CONTRACT ASSETS (continued)

Notes :

- (a) Unbilled revenue is initially recognised for revenue earned from the provision of construction services as the receipt of consideration is conditional on successful completion of construction. Upon completion of  construction  and  acceptance  by  the  customer,  the  amounts  recognised  as  unbilled  revenue  are reclassified to trade receivables.
- (b) Retention monies receivable are part of the consideration that the customers retain which is payable on successful completion of the contracts in order to provide the customers with assurance that the Group will  complete  its  obligation  satisfactorily  under  the  contracts,  rather  than  to  provide  financing  to  the customers.

The  decrease  in  contract  assets  in  2022  was  the  result  of  the  decrease  in  the  provision  of construction services at the end of the year while the increase in contract assets in 2021 was the result of the increase in the provision of construction services at the end of that year.

The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 December is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  1,234,426  1,458,624  After one year  268,245  195,201  Total contract assets  1,502,671  1,653,825   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's trading terms and credit policy with customers are disclosed in note 24 to the financial statements.

An impairment  analysis  is  performed  at  each  reporting  date  using  a  provision  matrix  to  measure expected  credit  losses.  The  provision  rates  for  the  measurement  of  the  expected  credit  losses  of the contract assets are based on those of the trade receivables as the contract assets and the trade receivables are from the same customer bases. The provision rates of contract assets are based on days  past  due  of  trade  receivables  for  groupings  of  various  customer  segments  with  similar  loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

At 31 December 2022 and 2021, the loss allowance for contract assets was assessed to be minimal.

## 28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED TIME DEPOSITS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash and bank balances  537,664  616,634  Time deposits  222,998  32,203  760,662  648,837   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  cash  and  bank  balances  of  the  Group  denominated  in Renminbi  ('RMB')  amounted  to  HK$20,553,000  (2021:  HK$19,531,000).  The  RMB  is  not  freely convertible  into  other  currencies,  however,  under  Mainland  China's  Foreign  Exchange  Control Regulations  and  Administration  of  Settlement,  and  Sale  and  Payment  of  Foreign  Exchange Regulations,  the  Group  is  permitted  to  exchange  RMB  for  other  currencies  through  banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

Certain of the Group's cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term time deposits are made for varying periods of between one day and three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term  time  deposit  rates.  The  bank  balances  and  pledged  deposits  are  deposited  with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

## 29. TRADE, BILLS AND RETENTION MONIES PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables  429,320  743,465  Bills payable  12,981  29,497  Retention monies payable #  330,722  312,865  773,023  1,085,827   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Retention monies payable had repayment terms ranging from one to two years.

An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current to 30 days  293,457  580,629  31 to 60 days  81,247  109,080  61 to 90 days  11,690  20,430  Over 90 days  42,926  33,326  429,320  743,465   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  trade  payables  are  non-interest-bearing  and  are  normally  settled  within  terms  of  60  to  120 days.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 30. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contract liabilities  (a)  729,235  615,946  Other payables  (b)  70,601  98,128  Accruals  366,449  206,195  1,166,285  920,269  Portion classified as non-current:  Other payable  (b)  -  41,325  Current portion  1,166,285  878,944  Notes  :  (a) Details of contract liabilities are as follows:  31 December  2022  31 December  2021  1 January  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short-term advances received from  customers  Construction services  729,235  615,946  557,402   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract  liabilities  include  short-term  advances  received  to  deliver  construction  services.  The  increase in contract liabilities in 2022 and 2021 was mainly due to the increase in short-term advances received from customers in relation to the provision of construction services at the end of each of the years.

(b) Except  for  other  payable  of  HK$41,325,000  (2021:  HK$81,431,000)  which  has  repayment  terms ranging from one month to twelve months (2021: one month to twenty-four months), other payables are non-interest-bearing and have an average term of three months.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 31. INTEREST-BEARING BANK BORROWINGS

| 31 December 2022  31 December 2021  Effective  interest  rate%  Maturity  HK$'000  Effective  interest  rate%  Maturity  HK$'000  Current  Trust receipt loans  4.76 - 7.80  On demand  132,895  1.62 - 2.05  On demand  119,978  Bank loans (note (c))  6.03 - 7.45  2022-2029 or  on demand  349,755  1.37 - 6.65  2021-2029 or  on demand  368,759  Total  482,650  488,737   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes :

- (a) The  Group's  bank  borrowings  were  secured  by  corporate  guarantees  given  by  the  Company  and/or certain subsidiaries. Trust receipt loans were repayable within six months from the date of advance, and bore interest at floating interest rates.
- (b) Bank borrowings of HK$482,650,000 as set out above are denominated in Hong Kong dollars and bear interest at floating interest rates.
- (c) As at 31 December 2022, bank loans of HK$77,332,000 (2021: HK$84,281,000) were secured by the pledge of certain leasehold land and owned buildings, and property held for sale under development with an aggregate carrying value of HK$216,185,000 (2021: HK$252,087,000) (notes 14 and 23).

The maturity of the above bank borrowings is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Analysed into:  Bank loan and trust receipt loans repayable:  Within one year or on demand  482,650  488,737   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, ignoring the effect of any repayment on demand clause and based on the  maturity  terms  of  the  bank  loans  and  trust  receipt  loans,  the  amounts  repayable  in  respect of  the  Group's  interest-bearing  bank  borrowings  were:  within  one  year  of  HK$474,926,000 (2021: HK$474,663,000); in the second year of HK$1,228,000 (2021: HK$2,657,000); in the third to fifth years, inclusive of HK$3,930,000 (2021: HK$7,476,000); and over five years of HK$2,566,000 (2021: HK$3,941,000).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 32. DEFERRED TAX

The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

## Deferred tax liabilities

2022

| Depreciation  allowance in  of excess  related  depreciation  Revaluation  of properties  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2022  45,041  54,142  99,183  Deferred tax credited to profit or loss  during the year (note 11)  (4,199)  (4,897)  (9,096)  Deferred tax charged to other  comprehensive income  -  1,971  1,971  Gross deferred tax liabilities at  31 December 2022  40,842  51,216  92,058  2021  Depreciation  allowance in  excess of  related  depreciation  Revaluation  of properties  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  38,321  52,497  90,818  Deferred tax charged/(credited) to  profit or loss during the year (note 11)  6,720  (5,818)  902  Deferred tax charged to other  comprehensive income  -  7,463  7,463  Gross deferred tax liabilities at  31 December 2021  45,041  54,142  99,183   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32. DEFERRED TAX (continued)

Deferred tax assets 2022

| Right-of-use  assets  Losses  available for  offsetting  against future  taxable  profits  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Gross deferred tax assets at 1 January and  at 31 December 2022  3  5,014  5,017  2021  Right-of-use  assets  Losses  available for  offsetting  against future  taxable  profits  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  1  -  1  Deferred tax credited to profit or loss  during the year (note 11)  2  5,014  5,016  Gross deferred tax assets at  31 December 2021  3  5,014  5,017   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  presentation  purpose,  certain  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  have  been  offset  in  the consolidated  statement  of  financial  position.  The  following  is  an  analysis  of  the  deferred  tax balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:

2022

HK$'000

3

(87,044)

(87,041)

2021

HK$'000

3

(94,169)

(94,166)

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 32. DEFERRED TAX (continued)

## Deferred tax assets (continued)

The  Group  has  estimated  tax  losses  arising  in  Hong  Kong  of  approximately  HK$254,478,000 (2021: HK$324,685,000) that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of  the  companies in which the losses arose. As at 31 December 2022, no deferred tax asset was recognised in respect of the tax losses in Hong Kong of HK$224,091,000 (2021: HK$294,296,000). The Group also has tax losses arising in Mainland China of HK$66,022,000 (2021: HK$58,657,000) and  Macau  of  HK$70,801,000  (2021:  HK$63,188,000)  that  will  expire  in  five  and  three  years, respectively,  for  offsetting  against  future  taxable  profits  respectively.  Deferred  tax  assets  have not  been  recognised  in  respect  of  these  losses  as  they  have  arisen  in  subsidiaries  that  have  been loss-making for some time and, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its shareholders.

## 33. SHARE CAPITAL

## Shares

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Authorised:  2,500,000,000 (2021: 2,500,000,000) ordinary shares of  HK$0.10 (2021: HK$0.10) each  250,000  250,000  Issued and fully paid:  594,899,245 (2021: 594,899,245) ordinary shares of  HK$0.10 (2021: HK$0.10) each  59,490  59,490   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no movement in the share capital of the Company during the year (2021: Nil)

## 34. RESERVES

The amounts of the Group's reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 51 and 52 of the financial statements.

## 35. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

Details of the Group's subsidiary that has material non-controlling interests are set out below:

| 2022  2021  Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:  Chinney Kin Wing  25.5%  25.5%  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests:  Chinney Kin Wing  24,483  16,991  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests:  Chinney Kin Wing  5,738  5,737  Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests  at the reporting dates:  Chinney Kin Wing  167,381  146,900   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  tables  illustrate  the  summarised  financial  information  of  Chinney  Kin  Wing.  The amounts disclosed are before any inter-company eliminations:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  1,805,843  2,042,378  Other income  17,864  246  Total expenses  (1,727,683)  (1,975,931)  Profit for the year  96,024  66,693  Total comprehensive income for the year  102,830  87,987  Current assets  1,063,918  749,008  Non-current assets  461,743  465,041  Current liabilities  (837,094)  (560,337)  Non-current liabilities  (35,407)  (80,882)  Net cash flows from operating activities  399,389  252,116  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (103,254)  (120,097)  Net cash flows used in financing activities  (24,394)  (26,578)  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  271,741  105,441   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

- (a) In  addition  to  the  transactions  detailed  elsewhere  in  these  financial  statements,  the  Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year:

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Management fee to a major shareholder  (i)  5,990  5,728  Share of rental and office expenses with  a related company  (ii)  599  2,151  Rent paid to related companies  (ii)  1,040  -  Construction contracting expenses to related  companies  (iii)  57  643  Licence fee paid to a related company  (iv)  216  82  Sales of goods to related companies  (v)  (1,604)  -  Income on maintenance works from related  companies  (vi)  (57)  (37)  Income from contracting works from related  companies  (vii)  (8,605)  (898)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes :

- (i) The  management  fee  was  charged  by  Chinney  Investments,  Limited  ('Chinney  Investments') based on the time involvement of the personnel providing services. Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong, a director and a controlling shareholder of the Company, is also a director of and has beneficial interests  in  Chinney  Investments.  Mr.  James  Sing-Wai  Wong  and  Mr.  Yuen-Keung  Chan  are common directors of the Company and Chinney Investments.
- (ii) The rental and office expenses were charged by Hon Kwok and its subsidiaries, a subsidiary of Chinney Investments,  on  an  actual  basis.  Dr.  James  Sai-Wing  Wong  is  a  director  of  and  has  a beneficial  interest  in  Hon  Kwok.  Mr.  James  Sing-Wai  Wong  and  Mr.  Philip  Bing-Lun  Lam  are common directors of the Company and Hon Kwok.
- (iii) The construction contracting expenses paid to related companies, which are subsidiaries of Hon Kwok, were negotiated between the concerned parties by reference to prevailing market rates.
- (iv) The  license  fee  charged  by  Hon  Kwok  was  negotiated  between  the  concerned  parties  by reference to prevailing market rates.
- (v) The  sales  of  diesel  generators  to  related  companies,  which  are  the  subsidiaries  of  Hon  Kwok, were negotiated between the concerned parties by reference to prevailing market rates.
- (vi) The income on maintenance works received from Hon Kwok and its subsidiaries was negotiated between the concerned parties by reference to prevailing market rates.

## 36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

- (a) (continued)

Notes : (continued)

- (vii) The  construction  contracting  income  from  construction  works  and  revamp  works  from  related companies, which are subsidiaries of Hon Kwok, were negotiated between the concerned parties by reference to prevailing market rates. The transactions constitute connected transactions of the Group and were approved by independent shareholders of the Company at the special general meetings held on 24 August 2018 and 28 November 2022, respectively.

The income from contracting works from a related company, of which Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong is  a  director  and  has  beneficial  interest,  was  negotiated  between  the  concerned  parties  by reference to the prevailing market rates. Mr. James Sing-Wai Wong is also a common director of that Company and the Company.

- (b) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:
- (c) Outstanding balance with a related party:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short term employee benefits  117,407  111,071  Post-employment benefits  3,529  3,565  Total compensation paid to key management personnel  120,936  114,636   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the Group's balance with a related company as at the end of the reporting period are included in note 25 to the financial statements.

## 37. COMMITMENTS

- (a) The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:
- (b) At  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  a  lease  contract  that  has  not  yet  commenced.  The future lease payments for this non-cancellable lease contract are HK$828,000 due within one year, and HK$828,000 due in the second to fifth years, inclusive.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contracted, but not provided for:  Property, plant and equipment  42,259  17,000  Capital contribution to financial assets at fair value  5,343  7,332  47,602  24,332   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 38. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

## (a) Major non-cash transactions

(i) During  the  year,  the  Group  had  non-cash  additions  to  right-of-use  assets  and lease  liabilities  of  HK$4,174,000  (2021:  HK$3,380,000)  and  HK$4,174,000  (2021: HK$3,380,000), respectively, in respect of the arrangements for land and buildings.

## (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities 2022

| Trust  receipt loans  Lease  liabilities  Bank  loans  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2022  119,978  63,006  368,759  Changes from financing cash flows  12,917  (5,526)  (18,907)  Non-cash flow:  New leases  -  4,174  -  Foreign exchange movement  -  (4,793)  (324)  Interest expense  -  3,856  -  Amortisation of loan arrangement  fee  -  -  227  Interest paid classified as operating  cash flows  -  (3,856)  -  At 31 December 2022  132,895  56,861  349,755   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2021

| Trust  receipt loans  Lease  liabilities  Bank  loans  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  202,596  65,140  183,523  Changes from financing cash flows  (82,618)  (6,738)  185,236  Non-cash flow:  New leases  -  3,380  -  Lease modification  -  (392)  -  Foreign exchange movement  -  1,616  -  Interest expense  -  4,201  -  Interest paid classified as operating  cash flows  -  (4,201)  -  At 31 December 2021  119,978  63,006  368,759   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 38. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)

## (c) Total cash outflow for leases

The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within operating activities  12,994  11,390  Within financing activities  5,526  6,738  18,520  18,128   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 39. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  provided  corporate  guarantees  and  indemnities  to  certain banks and insurance institutions for the issue of performance/surety bonds in an aggregate amount of  HK$908,977,000  (2021:  HK$1,035,415,000)  in  favour  of  the  Group's  clients  in  its  ordinary course  of  businesses.  This  amount  included  performance/surety  issued  in  favour  of  the  clients of  Chinney  Kin  Wing  Group  of  HK$270,465,000  (2021:  HK$253,732,000)  to  which  corporate guarantees and indemnities were provided by Chinney Kin Wing Group.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

The  carrying  amounts  of  each  of  the  categories  of  financial  instruments  as  at  the  end  of  the reporting period are as follows:

## 2022

Financial assets

| Financial  assets  at fair value  through  profit or loss  Financial  assets at  fair value  through other  comprehensive  income  Mandatorily  designated  as such  Equity  investment  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity investment at fair value through  other comprehensive income  -  7,217  -  7,217  Trade receivables  -  -  814,871  814,871  Amount due from a related company  -  -  9,651  9,651  Amount due from a joint venture  -  -  967  967  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  26,578  -  -  26,578  Financial assets included in prepayments,  deposits and other receivables  -  -  281,417  281,417  Cash and cash equivalents  -  -  760,662  760,662  26,578  7,217  1,867,568  1,901,363  Financial liabilities  Financial  liabilities at  amortised cost  HK$'000  Trade, bills and retention monies payables  773,023  Trust receipt loans  132,895  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals  386,574  Lease liabilities  56,861  Interest-bearing bank borrowings  349,755  1,699,108   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)

The  carrying  amounts  of  each  of  the  categories  of  financial  instruments  as  at  the  end  of  the reporting period are as follows: (continued)

## 2021

## Financial assets

| Financial  assets  at fair value  through  profit or loss  Financial  assets at  fair value  through other  comprehensive  income  Mandatorily  designated  as such  Equity  investment  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity investment at fair value through  other comprehensive income  -  6,437  -  6,437  Trade receivables  -  -  834,974  834,974  Amount due from a related company  -  -  18,112  18,112  Amount due from a joint venture  -  -  967  967  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  19,995  -  -  19,995  Financial assets included in prepayments,  deposits and other receivables  -  -  233,271  233,271  Cash and cash equivalents  -  -  648,837  648,837  19,995  6,437  1,736,161  1,762,593  ## Financial liabilities  Financial  liabilities at  amortised cost  HK$'000  Trade, bills and retention monies payables  1,085,827  Trust receipt loans  119,978  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals  260,762  Lease liabilities  63,006  Interest-bearing bank borrowings  368,759  1,898,332   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 41. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group's financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

| Carrying amounts  Fair values  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Equity investment at fair value  through other comprehensive  income  7,217  6,437  7,217  6,437  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  26,578  19,995  26,578  19,995  33,795  26,432  33,795  26,432   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management  has  assessed  that  the  fair  values  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  trade  receivables, trade,  bills  and  retention  monies  payables,  trust  receipt  loans,  financial  assets  included  in prepayments,  deposits  and  other  receivables,  financial  liabilities  included  in  other  payables  and accruals, lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank borrowings, an amount due from a related company and an amount due from a joint venture approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.

The  fair  values  of  the  financial  assets  and  liabilities  are  included  at  the  amount  at  which  the instrument  could  be  exchanged  in  a  current  transaction  between  willing  parties,  other  than  in  a forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

The  fair  value  of  the  club  membership  included  in  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or loss  was  based  on  quoted  prices.  The  fair  value  of  the  unlisted  equity  investment  at  fair  value through other comprehensive income and unlisted other investment included in financial assets at fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  were  derived  from  the  latest  transaction  prices,  market  prices  or net  asset  value  of  the  investee  which  approximates  to  its  fair  value.  An  increase/decrease  in  the latest transaction prices would result in an increase/decrease in the fair value of the unlisted equity investment and unlisted other investment.

## 41. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Fair value hierarchy

Assets measured at fair value:

## As at 31 December 2022

| Fair value measurement using  Quoted prices  in active  markets  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity investment at fair value through  other comprehensive income  -  -  7,217  7,217  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  -  5,814  20,764  26,578  -  5,814  27,981  33,795   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## As at 31 December 2021

| Fair value measurement using  Quoted prices  in active  markets  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity investment at fair value  through other comprehensive  income  -  -  6,437  6,437  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  -  5,439  14,556  19,995  -  5,439  20,993  26,432   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  did  not  have  any  financial  liabilities  measured  at  fair  value  as  at  31  December  2022 (2021: Nil).

During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2021: Nil).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The  Group's  principal  financial  instruments  comprise  interest-bearing  bank  borrowings,  cash  and bank balances, and short-term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group's operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as  trade  receivables,  deposits  and  other  receivables,  an  amount  due  from  a  related  company,  an amount due from a joint venture, trade, bills and retention monies payables, other payables, and trust receipt loans, which arise directly from the Group's operations.

The main risks arising from the Group's financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The directors meet periodically to analyse and formulate measures to manage each of these risks and they are summarised below.

## Interest rate risk

The Group's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group's debt obligations with a floating interest rate.

The  interest  rates  and  terms  of  repayment  of  interest-bearing  bank  borrowings  are  disclosed  in note 31 to the financial statements. Other financial assets and liabilities of the Group do not have material  interest  rate  risk.  Interest-bearing  bank  borrowings,  cash  and  bank  balances,  and  shortterm  deposits  are  stated  at  cost  and  are  not  revalued  on  a  periodic  basis.  Floating-rate  interest income and expenses are credited or charged to profit or loss as incurred.

The  nominal  interest  rates  of  the  financial  instruments  approximate  to  their  respective  effective interest rates.

The  following  table  demonstrates  the  sensitivity  to  a  reasonably  possible  change  in  interest  rate, with  all  other  variables  held  constant,  of  the  Group's  profit  before  tax  (through  the  impact  on floating rate borrowings) and the Group's equity.

| Increase/  (decrease) in  basis points  Increase/  (decrease)  in profit  before tax  Increase/  (decrease)  in equity*  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Hong Kong dollar  50  (2,500)  -  Hong Kong dollar  (50)  2,500  -  2021  Hong Kong dollar  50  (2,244)  -  Hong Kong dollar  (50)  2,244  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excluding retained profits

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)

## Foreign currency risk

The Group has transactional currency exposures. These exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating  units  in  currencies  other  than  the  units'  functional  currencies.  The  Group  requires  one of  its  operating  units  to  use  foreign  currency  forward  contracts  to  eliminate  the  foreign  currency exposures on any individual transactions.

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible  change  in  the  United  States  dollar  ('USD'),  Canadian  dollar  ('CAD'),  Euro  ('EUR')  and RMB exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group's profit before tax (arising from USD, CAD, EUR and RMB denominated financial instruments) and the Group's equity.

| Increase/  (decrease) in  exchange rate  Increase/  decrease)  in profit  before tax  Increase/  (decrease)  in equity*  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  If Hong Kong dollar weakens against USD  1  222  -  If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against USD  (1)  (222)  -  If Hong Kong dollar weakens against CAD  5  1,382  -  If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against CAD  (5)  (1,382)  -  If Hong Kong dollar weakens against EUR  5  1,362  -  If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against EUR  (5)  (1,362)  -  If Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB  5  2,949  -  If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB  (5)  (2,949)  -  2021  If Hong Kong dollar weakens against USD  1  (82)  -  If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against USD  (1)  82  -  If Hong Kong dollar weakens against CAD  5  610  -  If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against CAD  (5)  (610)  -  If Hong Kong dollar weakens against EUR  5  966  -  If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against EUR  (5)  (966)  -  If Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB  5  2,704  -  If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB  (5)  (2,704)  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excluding retained profits

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)

## Credit risk

The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group's policy that all  customers  who  wish  to  trade  on  credit  terms  are  subject  to  credit  verification  procedures.  In addition,  receivable  balances  are  closely  monitored  on  an  ongoing  basis  to  minimise  the  Group's exposure to bad debts.

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging

The tables below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group's  credit  policy,  which  is  mainly  based  on  past  due  information  unless  other  information  is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.

## As at 31 December 2022

| 12-month  ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contract assets*  -  -  -  1,502,671  1,502,671  Trade receivables*  -  -  -  825,380  825,380  Amount due from a related company  - Normal**  9,651  -  -  -  9,651  Amount due from a joint venture  - Normal**  967  -  -  -  967  Financial assets included in prepayments,  deposits and other receivables  - Normal**  281,417  -  -  -  281,417  Cash and cash equivalents  - Not yet past due  760,662  -  -  -  760,662  1,052,697  -  -  2,328,051  3,380,748   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

## As at 31 December 2021

| 12-month  ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contract assets*  -  -  -  1,653,825  1,653,825  Trade receivables*  -  -  -  836,025  836,025  Amount due from a related company  - Normal**  18,112  -  -  -  18,112  Amount due from a joint venture  - Normal**  967  -  -  -  967  Financial assets included in prepayments,  deposits and other receivables  - Normal**  233,271  -  -  -  233,271  Cash and cash equivalents  - Not yet past due  648,837  -  -  -  648,837  901,187  -  -  2,489,850  3,391,037   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  to  which  the  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in notes 24 and 27 to the financial statements, respectively.

- ** The credit quality  of  the  financial  assets  included  in  prepayments,  deposits  and  other  receivables  and amounts due from a related company and a joint venture is considered to be 'normal' when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be 'doubtful'.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 December 2022

## 42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)

## Liquidity risk

The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade receivables) and projected cash flows from operations.

The Group's objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans and trust receipt loans. The Group's policy is to maintain the Group at a net current asset position.

The maturity profile of the Group's financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

| ## 2022  On demand  and/or  less than  12 months  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  More than  5 years  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade, bills and retention monies  payables  773,023  -  -  -  773,023  Lease liabilities  7,851  7,549  14,715  58,257  88,372  Trust receipt loans  132,895  -  -  -  132,895  Financial liabilities included in  other payables and accruals  387,249  -  -  -  387,249  Interest-bearing bank borrowings  349,755  -  -  -  349,755  1,650,773  7,549  14,715  58,257  1,731,294  2021  On demand  and/or  less than  12 months  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  More than  5 years  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade, bills and retention monies  payables  1,085,827  -  -  -  1,085,827  Lease liabilities  9,147  6,779  16,410  69,156  101,492  Trust receipt loans  119,978  -  -  -  119,978  Financial liabilities included in  other payables and accruals  221,331  42,000  -  -  263,331  Interest-bearing bank borrowings  368,759  -  -  -  368,759  1,805,042  48,779  16,410  69,156  1,939,387   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 42. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)

## Interest rate benchmark reform

For financial instruments based on HIBOR, there is currently no plan to discontinue HIBOR in Hong Kong and it is expected that HIBOR will continue to exist in the market. Therefore, no disclosures for financial instruments based on HIBOR are provided.

## Capital management

The primary objectives of the Group's capital management are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders' value.

The  Group  manages  its  capital  structure  and  makes  adjustments  to  it  in  light  of  changes  in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital  structure,  the  Group  may  adjust  the  dividend  payment  to  shareholders,  return  capital  to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

The  Group  monitors  capital  using  a  gearing  ratio,  which  is  total  interest-bearing  borrowings divided by the total capital. Total interest-bearing borrowings include trust receipt loans, interestbearing  bank  borrowings  (excluding  bank  overdrafts)  and  lease  liabilities.  Capital  includes  equity attributable to owners of the Company. The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trust receipt loans  132,895  119,978  Interest-bearing bank borrowings  349,755  368,759  Lease liabilities  56,861  63,006  Total interest-bearing borrowings  539,511  551,743  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  2,085,196  2,120,685  Gearing ratio  25.9%  26.0%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 43. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  84  104  Interests in subsidiaries  208,420  209,594  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  282  282  Total non-current assets  208,786  209,980  CURRENT ASSETS  Amounts due from subsidiaries  312,705  330,594  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  313  197  Cash and cash equivalents  16,036  15,774  Total current assets  329,054  346,565  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Other payables and accruals  1,626  1,653  Amounts due to subsidiaries  61,364  64,384  Interest-bearing bank borrowings  30,000  36,000  Total current liabilities  92,990  102,037  NET CURRENT ASSETS  236,064  244,528  Net assets  444,850  454,508  EQUITY  Issued capital  59,490  59,490  Reserves (note)  385,360  395,018  Total equity  444,850  454,508   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 43. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)

Note :

A summary of the Company's reserves is as follows:

| Share  premium  account  Contributed  surplus*  Retained  profits  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  60,978  120,946  224,307  406,231  Final 2020 dividend declared  -  -  (23,796)  (23,796)  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  12,583  12,583  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  60,978  120,946  213,094  395,018  Final 2021 dividend declared  -  -  (16,360)  (16,360)  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  6,702  6,702  At 31 December 2022  60,978  120,946  203,436  385,360   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The  Company's  contributed  surplus  arose  from  the  capital  reorganisation  which  involved  the consolidation of the capital reserve and share premium account in a prior year and the capital reduction involving the cancellation of a portion of the paid-up capital during that year.

There  is  no  specific  provision  in  the  Bermuda  Companies  Act  which  regulates  the  use  of  contributed surplus  save  that  the  Company  cannot  make  a  distribution  out  of  the  contributed  surplus  to  the shareholders  if  there  are  reasonable  grounds  for  believing  that  the  Company  (i)  is,  or  would  after the  payment  be,  unable  to  pay  its  liabilities  as  they  become  due;  or  (ii)  the  realisable  value  of  the Company's assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital and share premium.

## 44. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  financial  statements  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  board  of  directors  on 28 March 2023.

31 December 202

## PROPERTY HELD FOR SALE UNDER DEVELOPMENT

| Location  Use  Site area  Gross  floor area  Development  progress  (up to  28 March 2023)  Estimated  completion  date  Attributable  interest of  the Group  (sq.ft)  (sq.ft)  (%)  HONG KONG  The remaining portion  of lot no. 4960 in DD51,  Fanling, New Territories  Residential  13,158  19,737  Planning and  design stage  -  100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|