<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

annual report 2022

## Contents

| 01  Corporate Profile  04  Chairman's Statement  08  Our Investments  14  Board of Directors  17  Senior Management  20  Group Financial Highlights  22  Corporate Data  23  Financial Calendar  24  Corporate Governance Report Financial Statements Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election Statistics of Shareholdings Notice of Annual General Meeting and Closure of Books Proxy Form  40  124  129  131   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  the  world  is  coming  out  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  Chuan  Hup is  pushing  ahead  with  partners  to  develop  investment  solutions  that brings  value  for  its  stakeholders.  With  fortitude,  Chuan  Hup  actively searches for opportunities and find ways to mitigate economic trends, developing  strategies  in  anticipation  of  potential  business  pathways and  possible  outcomes.  With  its  strong  fundamentals,  Chuan  Hup takes  vigilant  steps  forward  in  fostering  operational  efficiency  while enhancing capability and deepening connections.

## Corporate Profile

## Building the Chuan hup of today

Chuan Hup Holdings Limited ('Chuan Hup' or 'the Group') is  an  investment  company  with  a  diversified  portfolio  of strategic investments which includes investment properties and property developments in Singapore, Australia and the Philippines, as well as equity investments.

Founded  in  1970,  Chuan  Hup  began  as  a  tug  and  barge service provider to PSA Corporation in Singapore. Through the  years,  Chuan  Hup  has  its  reputation  as  one  of  the leading  owners  and  operators  of  marine  logistics  to  the resource industry.

Following  its  listing  on  the  Mainboard  of  the  Singapore Exchange  Securities  Trading  Limited  ('SGX-ST')  in  1983, Chuan  Hup  diversified  its  business  footprints  to  include property development and electronics manufacturing services  under  the  then  Sesdaq-turned-Mainboard  listed PCI Limited ('PCI').

In  2005,  Chuan  Hup  divested  its  interests  in  the  marine logistics  business  with  a  29.1%  out  of  a  total  interest  of 52.8% in CH Offshore Ltd ('CHO') to Scomi Marine Berhad ('Scomi'),  for  a  consideration  in  cash  and  28.9%  interest in Scomi. In 2011, the Group divested all of its interests in Scomi.  Subsequently  in  2015,  the  Group  divested  its remaining stake of 24.67% in CHO. With this, Chuan Hup had divested all of its interests in the marine logistics and oil &amp; gas sector.

In 2019, Chuan Hup divested all its interests in PCI thereby exiting the electronic manufacturing sector.

With  over  two  decades  of  experience  in  the  property development  sector, Chuan  Hup  has  marked  several milestones locally  and  in  the  Asia  Pacific  region.  Starting off  with  its  first  residential  project  in  Singapore  in  1999, Chuan  Hup  then  ventured  overseas  to  invest  in  property development  projects  in  Australia  and  the  Philippines through strategic joint ventures with in-country local partners.

Artist's Impression of Tapestry, Surfers Paradise

In Australia, Chuan Hup has ongoing development projects with its associate, Finbar Group Limited, who is recognised as a leading developer of residential apartment homes in Western  Australia.  As  announced  on  12  July  2021,  the Group has formed a joint venture with the Siera Property Group  Pty  Ltd  in  Queensland  to  acquire  and  develop a development  land  site  located  in Surfers Paradise, Queensland. This new partnership has expanded its footprint  in  Australia  where  the  Group  hopes  to  see more projects  in  time  to  come.  In  the  Philippines,  Chuan Hup's  associate  Keyland  Ayala  Properties  Inc.,  is  both  a developer  and  owner  of  prime  real  estate  in  the  central business  district  of  Makati.  In  2014,  Chuan  Hup  decided to  build  a  portfolio  of  investment  properties  with  the objective of long-term recurring rental income by acquiring three floors of office space in GB Building. The acquisition of one floor of office space in The Central was later added to its portfolio in 2019.

With a focus on delivering long-term sustainable growth,  Chuan  Hup  will  continue  to  explore  investment opportunities  to  generate  sustainable  returns  and  value for its stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

At Chuan Hup, we believe in pushing value creation beyond its potential through partnerships that are synergistic and working  with  like-minded  partners  who share the same values as us.

## Chairman's Statement

<!-- image -->

## dear ShareholderS,

FY2022 has been a year of recovery where, across the globe, governments  and  businesses  are  slowly  moving  towards the  endemic  phase  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  Borders are paced for reopening, welcoming the movement of both commercial and leisure  travel. Yet,  the  macro-environment for  business  remains  challenging,  with  ongoing  trade  and geopolitical tensions, impacting the global economy despite the easing of COVID-19 related restrictive measures and the resumption of marketplace activities.

## fy2022 finanCial perforManCe

Navigating the challenges and obstacles presented, Chuan Hup Holdings Limited ('Chuan Hup' or 'the Group') achieved a net profit of USD 1.98 million for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 ('FY2022') as compared to its net profit of USD 13.29 million for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 ('FY2021'). The lower net profit contribution was  mainly  attributed  to  fair  value  loss  in  investment securities of USD 5.71 million and foreign exchange loss of USD 2.39 million, as compared to the mark-to-market gain of USD 3.21 million and foreign exchange gain of USD 6.61 million  in  FY2021.  The  Group  also  recorded  a  revenue  of USD 15.73 million in FY2022, which was 19.7% lower than the revenue of USD 19.58 million recorded in FY2021.

The  Group  also  recorded  a  higher  share  of  results  of associates  of  USD  4.45  million  in  FY2022  due  to  the contribution from  Finbar Group  Limited  ('Finbar')  and Keyland Ayala Properties Inc.

'With the aim to develop robust, resilient and sustainable earnings streams for its stakeholders  over  the  longer  term,  the Group  increased  its  focus  on  property development  while leveraging on the strategic  partnerships  and  investments in place to create sustainable value within Chuan Hup's current business portfolio.'

## Well poSitioned in finanCial health

The  Group  remained  healthy  in  its  financial  position  and cashflow for FY2022 with USD 233.51 million recorded for net  assets  attributable  to  equity  holders  of  the  Company. Cash  and  cash  equivalents  stayed  positive  at  USD  69.90 million for FY2022 despite a 22.4% decrease from USD 90.11 million in FY2021. This was mainly attributed to the increase in property development loans granted to an associate and joint ventures. Net cash used in financing activities of USD 13.60 million was due to the payment of dividends in respect of FY2021.

## Building groWth in the reCovery

With  the  aim  to  develop  robust,  resilient  and  sustainable earnings streams for its stakeholders over the longer term, the Group increased its focus on property development while leveraging on the strategic partnerships and investments in place to create sustainable value within Chuan Hup's current business portfolio.

In Australia, property prices in larger cities such as Sydney are seeing a drop due to the rise of interstate migration from larger  cities  to  suburban  regions  such  as  Queensland  and Western Australia, on the back of affordability advantages, remote work ability and demand for lifestyle amenities.

Remaining focused on developments in Australia, the Group received  development  approval  in  February  2022  for  the Tapestry  development  ('Tapestry'),  which  is  located  on the  exclusive  Chevron  Island,  situated  between  the  heart of  Surfers  Paradise  and  the  Gold  Coast  Central  Business

District ('CBD') in the suburb of Southport. The development will  deliver  a  mix  of  113  residences  over  19  levels  at  39 Darrambal Street, located on the prized eastern side of the suburb. It comprises of 38 units of two-bedroom and twobathroom, 37 units of two-bedrooms with a multi-purpose room and two bathrooms, and 38 units of three-bedrooms and two bathrooms.

Earlier  in  November  2021,  the  Group  also  received  the receipt  of  development  approval  for  the  Garden  Towers development ('Garden Towers') in East Perth. The development  will  consist  of  a  diverse  mix  of  331  units of  one,  two  and  three-bedroom  apartments  and  1,283 square meters of ground floor commercial tenancies, which would include the repurposing of the former heritage listed Materials  Science  Building.  The  development  is  located on the corner of Plain Street and Hay Street in East Perth, opposite Queens  Gardens and 200 meters from the proposed  Western  Australian  Cricket  Association  Ground sporting and aquatic centre.

Both Tapestry and Garden Towers development projects are estimated to commence construction in FY2023.

On  top  of  the  Tapestry  development,  the  Group  have ventured  into  a  second  residential  property  development project  in  December  2021  in  Queensland,  Australia.  This marks the Group's second development project with the  Siera  Group  and  efforts  to  expand  its  footprint  in Queensland.  The  joint  venture  development  site  is  well positioned  adjacent  to  Surfers  Paradise  Beach,  situated on the  southern  end  of  Surfers  Paradise  on  the  border  of Broadbeach. Located at 3 Vista Street Surfers Paradise (the 'Land'), the Land will be developed into a mixed-residential tower comprising 54 residential apartments across 20 levels.

These  development  projects  will  strengthen  the  Group's partnerships with the Finbar and Siera Group. The Group had previously  collaborated  with  Finbar  on  past  projects  such as Reflections, Concerto, Adagio and Toccata in East Perth, Unison and One Kennedy in Maylands, Perth and currently, AT238 and Garden Towers in Perth.

In Singapore,  the Group  is expanding  into  its existing residential property development footprint by venturing into boutique landed home development in Singapore with the acquisition of 25 Jalan Selanting for redevelopment into 2 units  of  3-storey  semi-detached  landed  dwelling  house. This will allow the Group to tap on the opportunities from the rising demand of local residential properties.

## outlook

Across  the  globe,  business  sentiment  has  been  slightly dampened  given  the  announcement  on  the  hikes  in  US Federal interest  rates,  causing  a  surge  in  inflation  costs.  Mixed sentiments are also seen in the Australia property market given that home prices of certain big cities such as Sydney and  Melbourne  are  coming  down,  whereas  the  property demand for other regions such as Queensland and Western Australia continue to remain resilient because of population growth due to interstate migration.

In Singapore, office market demand is expected to recover  to  pre-COVID-19  levels  as  Singapore  is  seen as  an  ideal  location  for  international  firms  to  house  their Asian  headquarters  due  to  its  low  taxes,  robust  rules  and regulations and geopolitical neutrality. On the local property development front, COVID-19 restrictions have previously led  to  labour  shortages  that  delayed  construction,  longer wait  for  home  buyers  and  increased  costs  for  developers due to higher taxes and inflation. The lower available supply of private homes for sale is expected to support property prices as demand for homes remains firm.

In  view  of  the  challenging  macro-environment factors, the Group will  continue  to  monitor  the  operating  environment closely and remain cautious in assessing any new investment opportunity which may arise.

## dividendS

The Board is pleased to recommend a final tax exempt onetier  dividend  of  1  Singapore  cent  per  ordinary  share  for FY2022, amounting to SGD 9.25 million.

## aCknoWledgeMentS and appreCiationS

Challenging as it may be, the efforts of the Group would not have been possible without the support of its stakeholders. As such, I would like to express my heartfelt appreciations to the Board for their invaluable counsel and contribution, to our management and staff for their commitment and dedication. Last  but  not  least,  I  would  like  to  thank  our  shareholders and  other  stakeholders  for  the  trust  and  confidence  that they  have  placed  in  the  Group,  as  we  continue  to  work towards building a better Chuan Hup for the future in this 'new normal'.

## Mr lo pang foo Steven

Non-Executive Chairman 6 September 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Despite  the  challenges  and  uncertainty clouding  the  world,  tenacity  is  key  for growth.  At  Chuan  Hup,  we  uphold  our commitment to value creation with a keen eye for potential opportunities while strengthening our business portfolio.

## our investments

At Chuan Hup, the Group is committed to fostering sustainable  business  growth.  With  the  aim  to  develop robust,  resilient,  and  sustainable  earnings  streams  to  its stakeholders over the long term, the Group seeks to create value  through  strategic  investments  and  partnerships  to grow  its  portfolio.  In  pursuing  these  objectives,  the  Group takes a long-term view when making new investments with a  disciplined  investment approach. The Group is vigilant in its  risk  management  assessment  of  its  investments  and the progress of its projects across the different markets it operates in.

Beyond striving for strong financial performance, the Group upholds  sustainable  practices  in  corporate  governance, ethics, environmental awareness and accountability in every aspect and level of its operations. With equal importance, the Group commits itself to maintain a strong and robust balance sheet  to  withstand  external  cyclical  challenges  to  grow its businesses.

Artist's Impression of AT238, Perth

<!-- image -->

## StrategiC inveStMentS

## finBar group liMited

Listed  on  the  Australian  Stock  Exchange  (ASX),  Finbar Group Limited ('Finbar') is involved in the development of medium to high density residential properties. The Group is  a  substantial shareholder of Finbar and has recorded it as an associated company since 1 January 2016. As of 30 June 2022, the Company holds a shareholding interest of 20.5% in Finbar.

Over  the  years,  the  Group  has  collaborated  with  Finbar on several successful residential development projects in Western  Australia.  These  development  projects  include Reflections,  Adagio,  Toccata,  Concerto,  Unison  on  Tenth, One Kennedy,  AT238,  and  most  recently,  Garden  Towers. These development properties are all located within close proximity to Perth City.

## keyland ayala propertieS inC

Keyland Ayala Properties Inc ('Keyland') is a property and development company in the  Philippines.  The  Group  is  a substantial shareholder of Keyland and has recorded it as an associated company since October 2019. As of 30 June 2022, the Company holds a shareholding interest of 32.5% in Keyland.

## property developMentS

## auStralia

## SyMphony City, eaSt perth, WeStern auStralia

The Group jointly launched the Symphony City development located at East Perth, Western Australia with Finbar in 2009. The project involved the redevelopment of the former Australian Broadcasting Corporation ('ABC') site which the Group owned.

Developed in three stages, the first two stages of Symphony  City  comprising  Adagio  and  Toccata,  luxury residential apartment towers with panoramic views of the Swan  River,  were  completed  and  fully  sold  in  2014  and 2016 respectively.

One Kennedy, Maylands, Western Australia

<!-- image -->

Located in the heart of East Perth at the doorstep of the CBD, Concerto is Perth's tallest residential tower, standing at  38  stories  high.  Combining  the  simplicity  and  ease  of inner-city  living  with  a  luxurious  resort  lifestyle  at  home, these  brand-new  luxury  apartments  were  completed  in June 2017.

All  227  apartments  of  Concerto  have  been  sold  and settled in 2021.

## uniSon, MaylandS, WeStern auStralia (unison on tenth and one kennedy)

Launched  in  2014  and  located  within  the  trendy  suburb northeast  of  Perth,  the  Unison  project  ('Unison'),  was launched in two phases, Unison on Tenth and One Kennedy.

Conveniently  located  just  4.5  kilometres  from  the  Perth CBD, Unison is a short stroll from the buzzing Eighth Ave

Unison on Tenth, Maylands, Western Australia

<!-- image -->

and  Whatley  Crescent  café  strips,  Maylands  train  station and the beautiful banks of the Swan River. The first phase, Unison on Tenth, was completed in February 2016. All 169 apartments of Unison on Tenth have been fully sold in 2019.

With  a  striking  three-level  facade  boasting  composite cedar cladding and featured artwork screens, the second phase, One Kennedy, is a contemporary low-rise residential development that enhances the modern, urban streetscape of Maylands.

One Kennedy offers resort style living at best value pricing and  is  available  in  one,  two  and  three-bedroom  options. A range of amenities are also provided including a 25-metre swimming pool, gym, games room and lounge.

As of 30 June 2022, 98% of the 123 apartments have been sold and settled.

## our investments

Artist's Impression of AT238, Perth

<!-- image -->

Artist's Impression of AT238 Private Dining Room

<!-- image -->

## at238, perth, WeStern auStralia

Centrally  located  within  walking  distance  from  the  Perth CBD,  AT238  joint  venture  development  project  will  be developed  into  119  studio,  one,  two  and  three-bedroom apartments.  The  development  offers  potential  residents and investors expansive views of the Swan River and the city  from  the  upper  levels.  It  will  feature  a  podium  design that  embraces  the  retention  of  a  mature  street  tree  and a  full  range  of  resort  style  facilities  including  a  lap  pool, gym, sauna, steam room and multimedia cinematic hub as well as a private dining room and residents' lounge.

Started in January 2021, the construction is underway with 52 units  pre-sold  as  of  30  June  2022.  Sales  will  only  be recognised upon project completion.

## garden toWerS, perth, WeStern auStralia

Centrally located with frontages to Hay Street, Plain Street and De Vlamingh Avenue in East Perth and directly opposite  Queens  Garden,  Garden  Towers  joint  venture development  project  will  be  developed  into  a  mixed-use project, consisting of a diverse mix of 331 units of one, two and three-bedroom apartments and 1,283 square meters of ground floor commercial tenancies.

Garden Towers will include the conservation of the former Materials  Science  Building  on  the  corner  of  Hay  Street and  Plain  Street  which  has  heritage  significance.  The development  also  features  an  array  of  common  facilities including a Skydeck with residents' bar and private dining room  at  Level  36.  The  amenities  at  Level  Six  include  a heated pool, residential lounge, games and active games rooms, virtual golf driving range, twelve study and 'Zoom' rooms,  board  room,  gymnasium,  cinema  and  media  hub, and indoor and outdoor children's play areas.

Garden  Towers  is  estimated  to  commence  construction towards the end of calendar year 2022.

Artist's Impression of Garden Towers, Perth

<!-- image -->

Artist's Impression of the Infinity Pool at Garden Towers

<!-- image -->

## our investments

## tapeStry, SurferS paradiSe, QueenSland, auStralia

Expanding its footprint in residential property development projects in Australia, the Group partnered the Siera Group, a  boutique  residential  property  developer  and  builder specialising in medium-density housing, luxury homes, and small lot subdivisions in South-East Queensland, in a joint venture on the development of 39, 41 and 43 Darrambal Street Surfers Paradise.

Centrally  located  on  the  exclusive  Chevron  Island  and situated  between  the  heart  of  Surfers  Paradise  and  the Gold Coast CBD in the suburb of Southport, Tapestry will be  developed  into  a  mixed-residential  tower  comprising approximately 113 residential apartments across 19 levels.

It  will  feature  an  array  of  common  facilities  including  a resident  rooftop,  complete  with  a  resort-style  swimming pool  with  day  beds,  a  spa,  and  a  pool  deck.  Sitting in its landscaping would include a barbecue and alfresco  area,  as  well  as  a  dining  area  surrounded  by an  edible  garden.  The  development  would  also  include a private dining space  with  a  terrace  and  fire pit, a gym  with  sauna  and  steam  room,  and  a  lounging  area with a lawn.

Tapestry  is  estimated  to  commence  construction  at  the beginning of calendar year 2023.

## 3 viSta Street, SurferS paradiSe, QueenSland, auStralia

Furthering its partnership with the Siera Group, the Group  embarked  on  its  second  joint  venture  property development project, 3 Vista Street (the 'Land'), which is well  located  adjacent to Surfers Paradise Beach, situated on  the  southern  end  of  Surfers  Paradise  on  the  border of Broadbeach.

The Land will be developed into a mixed-residential tower comprising approximately 54 residential apartments across 20 levels.

Artist's Impression of Communal Area, Private Dining at Tapestry

<!-- image -->

## Singapore

## 25 Jalan Selanting, Singapore

Expanding  its  existing  residential  property  development footprint,  the  Group  has  ventured  into  boutique  landed home development in Singapore, starting with the 25 Jalan Selanting property development project (the 'Property').

The  Property  will  be  demolished  and  redeveloped  into 2 units of 3 storey semi-detached landed dwelling house.

## inveStMent propertieS

To build a recurring revenue base to increase visibility and expand  its  strategic  plans,  the  Group  has  acquired  three floors, the 20 th to  22 nd   floors,  of  GB  Building in November 2014 and the 24 th  floor of The Central in April 2019. As of 30 June 2022, the Group's investment properties segment remains profitable and cash flow positive.

## offiCe unitS in gB Building, 143 CeCil Street, Singapore

Located in the heart of the Central Business District, the office units in the 20 th  to 22 nd   floors of GB Building, are in line with the Group's investment strategy to build a portfolio of  quality  property  assets  that  can  generate  recurring revenue and provide sustainable earnings for its investment properties portfolio.

## offiCe unitS in the Central, 8 eu tong Sen Street, Singapore

The Central, which houses several office units, is centrally located near major expressways, well connected to public transport, with retail outlets and amenities available within  the  property.  This  acquisition  provides  the  Group with an opportunity to own a strategically located commercial property, and concurrently earn a sustainable and  recurring  source  of  rental  income  to  its  investment properties portfolio.

The Central, Singapore

<!-- image -->

## Board of directors

<!-- image -->

## Mr lo pang foo Steven Chairman and non-executive independent director

Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven is the Chairman and Non-Executive Independent Director of Chuan Hup. He was appointed as a Non-Executive Independent Director on 24 February 2017 and later as the Chairman on 1 July 2017. He was last reelected on 29 October 2019. He is also the Chairman of the Remuneration and Nominating Committees and a member of the Audit Committee.

Mr  Lo  is  a  Director  of  Drew  &amp;  Napier  LLC  as  well  as  the Head  of  the  firm's  Mergers  and  Acquisitions  Practice.  He has more than 25 years of legal experience with a practice focus  on  mergers  and  acquisitions  and  corporate  finance. He  has  extensive  experience  in  both  private  and  public merger and acquisition transactions in Singapore and the  region.  Mr  Lo  has  a  wide  range  of  expertise  and  also represented issuers, underwriters and selling shareholders in a variety of domestic and international capital markets transactions.

Mr  Lo  was  a  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  of  PCI Limited from 28 December 2011 to 10 May 2019. He was also  the  Chairman  of  its  Remuneration  and  Nominating Committees, and a member of its Audit Committee.

Mr Lo graduated from the National University of Singapore with a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) degree in 1995 and was admitted  to  the  Singapore  Bar  in  1996.  He  subsequently obtained his Master of Laws degree from the University of Cambridge in 1998 and was admitted to the Roll of Solicitors in England and Wales in 2000 as a non-practising member.

<!-- image -->

## Mr peh kWee ChiM executive director

Mr Peh Kwee Chim is an Executive Director of Chuan Hup. He was one of the founders of Chuan Hup in 1970. He was appointed as an Executive Director on 1 August 1970 and as  Managing  Director  in  1984.  On  1  November  2005,  he resigned as Managing Director and remained on the Board as an Executive Director. He was last re-elected on 29 October 2021. He is a member of the Nominating Committee.

Mr  Peh  was  the  Executive  Chairman  of  PCI  Limited  from 27 November 1989 to 10 May 2019 and was a member of its Nominating Committee.

Mr Peh graduated from the University of Western Australia in 1969 with a Bachelor of Engineering (Mechanical) degree.

<!-- image -->

## Mr peh Siong Woon terenCe Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Mr Peh Siong Woon Terence is the Chief Executive Officer and  Executive  Director  of  Chuan  Hup.  As  Chief  Executive Officer, he is responsible for the day-to-day running of the business and for the overall performance of the Group. He was appointed on 1 November 2005 and was last re-elected on 29 October 2020.

Mr  Peh  has  over  20  years  of experience  in  property development investment and project management in Asia Pacific, and management experience in finance in the marine and electronics manufacturing services industries.

Mr  Peh  is  a  Non-Executive  Director  of  the  Finbar  Group Limited, which is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange.

Mr Peh was an Executive Director of PCI Limited ('PCI') from 28  December  2011  to  10  May  2019  and  the  Executive Vice  Chairman  of  PCI  from  13  August  2013  to  10  May 2019.  He  was  also  a  Non-Executive  Director  of  Pacific Star Development  Limited  from  15 February 2017  to 7  June  2019  and  a  member  of  its  Audit,  Nominating  and Remuneration Committees.

Mr  Peh  obtained  his  Bachelor  of  Commerce  in  Marketing degree  from  Curtin  University  of  T echnology,  Australia  in 1996 and his Master of Commerce in Finance degree from the University of New South Wales, Australia in 1997.

## Board of directors

Ms HEng su-ling MaE

<!-- image -->

## non-executive independent director

Ms Heng is a Non-Executive Independent Director of Chuan Hup. She was appointed on 3 April 2018 and last re-elected on  29  October  2021.  Ms  Heng  is  the  Chairman  of  the Audit  Committee  and  a  member  of  the  Remuneration  and Nominating Committees.

Ms Heng has over 18 years of experience working at Ernst &amp;  Young  Singapore.  She  is  a  Non-Executive  Independent Director of HRnetGroup Limited, Ossia International Limited, Grand Venture Technology Limited, Rex International Holding Limited  and  Novo  Tellus  Alpha  Acquisition,  each  of  which listed on the SGX-ST, and Apex Healthcare Berhad, which is listed on Bursa Malaysia. She also holds directorships in her family-owned investment holding companies.

Ms  Heng  was  a  Non-Executive  Independent  Director  of Pacific Star Development Limited from 7 August 2017 to 7 June 2019. She was the Chairman of its Audit Committee and a member of its Remuneration and Nominating Committees.

Ms  Heng  received  her  Bachelor  of  Accountancy  from Nanyang Technological University in 1992. She is a Fellow Chartered Accountant of Singapore, and an ASEAN Chartered Professional Accountant.

Mr liM kWee Siah

<!-- image -->

## non-executive director

Mr Lim Kwee Siah is a Non-Executive Director of Chuan Hup. He was appointed to this position on 28 December 2011. He was last re-elected on 29 October 2020. Mr Lim is a member of the Audit and Remuneration Committees.

Mr Lim has extensive experience in financial management, investment and property development.

Mr  Lim  was  also  a  Non-Executive  Director  of  PCI  Limited from August 1989 to December 2011, an Executive Director of  Chuan Hup from November 1989 to October 2005 and a Non-Executive Independent Director of Scomi Marine Bhd from September 2005 to January 2011.

Mr  Lim  graduated  from  the  then  University  of  Singapore (now  known  as  National  University  of  Singapore)  in  1976 with  a  Bachelor  of  Accountancy  degree  and  is  a  Fellow Chartered Accountant of Singapore.

## Senior Management

## Mr eldon Wan

## Chief Operating Officer

Mr Eldon Wan is the Chief Operating Officer of Chuan Hup. He is responsible for developing, establishing and implementing the Group's operating policies, business plans and strategies.

Mr Wan joined Chuan Hup in May 2014 as Head, Corporate  Development  and  was  redesignated  as  Chief Operating  Officer  in  August  2017.  He  was  concurrently an  Executive  Director  of  PCI  Limited  from  April  2018  to May 2019.

Mr Wan has over 25 years of experience in the finance and accounting sectors. He has cumulated industry experience in  mergers  and  acquisitions,  financial  and  management reporting, budgeting, taxation, treasury as well as corporate governance and risk management matters. Prior to joining the Group, he was the Group Chief Financial Officer of The Straits  Trading  Company  Limited  and  the  Group  Finance Manager of the Tecity Group.

Mr Wan graduated from the Nanyang Technological University of Singapore in 1995 with a Bachelor of Accountancy degree and is a Fellow Chartered Accountant of Singapore.

## MS anne lieW Mei hong

## Chief Financial Officer and Company secretary

Ms Anne Liew Mei Hong is the Chief Financial Officer and Company  Secretary  of  Chuan  Hup.  She  is  responsible for  all  accounting,  financial,  taxation,  risk  management, human resource and secretarial matters of the Group.

Ms Liew was redesignated from Head, Corporate Investments to Chief Financial Officer on 21 October 2019.  She  was  previously  appointed  as  Head,  Corporate Investments  on  1  July  2018,  while  concurrently  holding the  position  of  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  PCI  Limited  ('PCI') from  April  2018  to  May  2019,  where  she  was  responsible for  all  accounting,  financial,  taxation,  risk  management  and human resource matters of the PCI Group. She joined PCI in 2009 as Section Head, Finance and rose through the ranks with her appointments as Vice President, Finance in July 2015 and later Chief Financial Officer in April 2018.

Ms  Liew  has  over  15  years  of  experience  in  the  finance and  accounting  sectors.  She  has  cumulated  industry experience in financial and management reporting, budgeting, taxation, treasury as well as corporate governance and risk management matters. Prior to joining PCI, she worked in the Finance department of a Europeanbased multinational company.

Ms Liew graduated from the University of Hertfordshire, UK in 2005 with a Bachelor of Arts (Hons) degree in Accounting. She is a Chartered Accountant of Singapore and a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.

<!-- image -->

Sustainable developments  are core to Chuan Hup's operations as we fortify the longevity of our business while we continue working  on  generating  growth  and  value for the future.

## group Financial Highlights

| Financial year ended 30 June  2022  uS$'000  2021  US$'000  2020  US$'000  2019  US$'000  2018  (restated)  US$'000  StateMent of CoMprehenSive inCoMe  Revenue  15,731  19,582  25,234  194,178  345,298  Profit/(loss) before tax  2,260  13,532  (16,791)  49,704  22,378  Profit/(loss) for the year  1,980  13,291  (17,124)  46,019  17,344  Profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the Company  1,980  13,291  (17,124)  43,931  13,090  BalanCe Sheet  Development properties  571  11,343  22,161  15,077  25,882  Other current assets  82,687  110,722  129,121  157,593  237,299  Investment properties  52,631  53,196  50,155  55,455  24,196  Other non-current assets  100,772  97,224  68,119  60,419  117,978  236,661  272,485  269,556  288,544  405,355  Current liabilities  2,708  15,524  24,881  18,739  94,748  Non-current liabilities  443  430  468  566  1,846  Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company  233,510  256,531  244,207  269,239  285,285  Non-controlling interests  -  -  -  -  23,476  236,661  272,485  269,556  288,544  405,355  per ordinary Share  Net tangible assets per share (US cents)  25.24  27.72  26.39  29.00  30.73  Earnings/(loss) per share (US cents)  0.21  1.44  (1.85)  4.73  1.41  Final dividend per share (SG cents)  1  1  -  1  1  Special dividend per share (SG cents)  -  1  1  9  -  finanCial ratioS  Dividend payout ratio (%)  335.9  103.6  N.M  155.3  52.0  Return on total assets (%)  0.8  4.9  (6.4)  15.2  3.2  Return on average equity (%)  0.8  5.3  (6.7)  15.8  4.5   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

N.M = Not Meaningful

## FY2022 at a glance

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Corporate data

## Board of direCtorS

## Mr lo pang foo Steven

(Chaiman and Non-Executive Independent Director)

## Mr peh kwee Chim

(Executive Director)

## Mr peh Siong Woon terence

(Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director)

## Ms heng Su-ling Mae

(Non-Executive Independent Director)

## Mr lim kwee Siah

(Non-Executive Director)

## audit CoMMittee

Ms heng Su-ling Mae

(Chairman)

Mr lo pang foo Steven

Mr lim kwee Siah

## reMuneration CoMMittee

Mr lo pang foo Steven

(Chairman)

Ms heng Su-ling Mae

Mr lim kwee Siah

## noMinating CoMMittee

Mr lo pang foo Steven

(Chairman)

Mr peh kwee Chim Ms heng Su-ling Mae

## CoMpany SeCretary

Ms anne liew Mei hong

## regiStered offiCe

8 Eu Tong Sen Street #24-90 The Central Singapore 059818 Telephone: (65) 6559 9700 Facsimile: (65) 6268 1937 Website: www.chuanhup.com.sg Email: corpsec\_legal@chuanhup.com.sg

## Share regiStrar

## triCor BarBinder Share regiStration ServiCeS

(A division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.) 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898

## auditor

## ernSt &amp; young llp

One Raffles Quay, North Tower, Level 18 Singapore 048583

PARTNER-IN-CHARGE: Mr Tan Seng Choon Appointed with effect from the financial year ended 30 June 2021

Artist's Impression of Garden Towers Roof Top Dining Room

<!-- image -->

## Financial Calendar

<!-- image -->

View of the Singapore Skyline from The Central Office

Financial Year End

30 June 2022

announcement of Half Year Financial Results

11 February 2022

announcement of Full Year Financial Results

26 August 2022

Publication of annual Report

6 October 2022

annual general Meeting

28 October 2022

Book Closure to Register Members for Final Dividend

4 November 2022

Proposed Payment of Final Dividend

14 November 2022

## Corporate Governance Report

Chuan Hup is committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance to promote corporate transparency and to enhance shareholder value.

This report sets out an overview of Chuan Hup's corporate governance practices during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 ('FY2022') with reference to the principles and provisions of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the 'Code'). The Company has complied in all material aspects with the principles and provisions in the Code. Where there are any variations from the Code, an explanation has been provided.

## BOARD MATTERS

The Board's Conduct of Affairs (Principle 1)

The  Board  is  collectively  responsible  for  providing  overall  strategy  and  direction  to  the  Management  for  the  long-term success of the Company. Directors act in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. The Board has put in place a code of conduct and ethical standards for Directors and employees to adhere to. Directors facing conflicts of interest recuse themselves from discussions involving the issues of conflict.

The principal functions of the Board are as follows:

- (a) To decide on matters in relation to the Group's operations which are of a significant nature, including decisions on strategic directions and guidelines and the approval of periodic plans and major investments and divestments;
- (b) To oversee the business performance and affairs of the Company and provide guidance to Management;
- (c) To  oversee  processes  for  evaluating  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  internal  controls  and  risk  management systems;
- (d) To set the Company's values and standards; and
- (e) To consider sustainability issues such as environmental and social factors as part of its strategic formulation.

Matters requiring the Board's decision and approval include:

- (a) The Group's strategic plans;
- (b) The Group's annual budget;
- (c) Full year and half-year financial statements;
- (d) Dividend policy and payout;
- (e) Issue of shares;
- (f) Appointment of Directors and appointments on Board Committees;
- (g) Appointment of key management personnel and their remuneration packages;
- (h) Corporate and financial restructuring;

## Corporate Governance Report

- (i) Major funding and investment proposals;
- (j) Major capital expenditure;
- (k) Mergers, major acquisitions and disposals;
- (l) Adoption of corporate governance policies;
- (m) Reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems;
- (n) Reviewing matters which involve a conflict of interest for a substantial shareholder or Director; and
- (o) Any other matters which require Board approval as prescribed under relevant legislation and regulations and the provisions of the Company's Constitution.

The Group has in place financial authorisation limits for matters such as operating and capital expenditures and acquisition and disposal of assets and investments, which require the approval of the Board.

The  Board  is  supported  by  the  Board  Committees  established  to  assist  the  Board  in  discharging  its  responsibilities  of overseeing  the  Group's  affairs  and  enhancing  corporate  governance.  These  Committees  are  the  Audit  Committee,  the Remuneration Committee and the Nominating Committee. The Board Committees have been constituted with clear written Terms of Reference setting out their compositions, authorities and duties.

## Board Meetings

The Board conducts regular scheduled meetings on a quarterly basis. Where necessary, additional Board meetings are held to deliberate on any ad hoc significant matters. Attendance by telephone and video conference at Board meetings is allowed under Chuan Hup's Constitution.

An aggregate of 4 Board meetings was held for FY2022.

The Directors' attendance at Board meetings, meetings of the various Board Committees and the Annual General Meeting (' AGM') during FY2022 are as follows:

| Meetings held in FY2022  Board  Audit  Committee  Nominating  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  AGM  Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven  4 of 4  4 of 4  1 of 1  1 of 1  1 of 1  Mr Peh Kwee Chim  4 of 4  -  1 of 1  -  1 of 1  Mr Peh Siong Woon Terence  4 of 4  -  -  -  1 of 1  Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae  4 of 4  4 of 4  1 of 1  1 of 1  1 of 1  Mr Lim Kwee Siah  4 of 4  4 of 4  -  1 of 1  1 of 1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Governance Report

## Access to Information

The Directors are provided with Board papers and related materials, background or explanatory information in advance of each Board Meeting to enable them to be properly informed of matters to be discussed and/or approved, as well as ongoing reports relating to operational and financial performance of the Group.

The  Board  has  separate  and  independent  access  to  Senior  Management  and  the  Company  Secretary  at  all  times.  The Company Secretary also assists  the  Chairman  by  ensuring  good  information  flows  within  the  Board  and  its  Committees, and between Senior Management and the Non-Executive Directors. The Company Secretary attends and prepares minutes for all Board and Board Committee Meetings, advises the Board on governance matters and ensures that Board procedures are followed, and that applicable rules and regulations are complied with. The Constitution provides that the appointment or removal of the Company Secretary is a decision of the Board as a whole.

Directors,  either  individually  or  as  a  group,  in  the  furtherance  of  their  duties  can  take  independent  professional  advice,  if necessary, at the Company's expense.

## Board Orientation and Training

Upon  appointment,  each  Director  receives  a  formal  letter  setting  out  the  Directors'  duties  and  responsibilities.  All  newly appointed  Directors  undergo  an  orientation  programme,  which  includes  Management  presentations  on  the  Group's businesses, strategic plans and objectives. Training is provided for first-time Directors in areas such as accounting, finance, the roles and responsibilities of a director of a listed company and industry-specific matters as appropriate.

As  part  of  training  for  the  Board,  Directors  are  briefed  from  time  to  time  on  changes  to  laws,  regulations,  guidelines  and accounting  standards,  as  well  as  relevant  trends  or  changing  commercial  risks  during  Board  meetings  or  at  specially convened sessions. Directors are also encouraged to attend, at the Company's expense, relevant and useful seminars for their  continuing  education  and  skills  improvement  courses  that  are  conducted  by  external  organisations.  The  Company Secretary will  bring  to  Directors'  attention  information  on  seminars  that  may  be  of  relevance  or  use  to  them.  Articles  and reports relevant to the Group's businesses are also circulated to the Directors for information.

During  FY2022,  the  development  or  training  programmes,  attended  by  the  Directors  included  Briefings  on  developments in  accounting  and  governance  standards  presented  by  the  Company's  internal  and  external  auditor  at  Audit  Committee Meetings and Listed Entity Director's Programme on topic environmental, social and governance essentials by Singapore Institute of Directors.

## Board Composition and Guidance

## (Principle 2)

The  Board  currently  comprises  5  Directors,  2  of  whom  are  Non-Executive  Independent  Directors,  1  of  whom  is  a  NonExecutive Director and 2 of whom are Executive Directors. The Non-Executive Independent Directors are Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven and Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae. The Non-Executive Director is Mr Lim Kwee Siah. The Executive Directors are Mr Peh Kwee Chim and Mr Peh Siong Woon Terence.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Board Independence

The Board, taking into account the views of the Nominating Committee, assesses the independence of each Director annually in accordance with the principles and provisions of the Code. There is a strong independent element in the Board. The Board and the Nominating Committee has ascertained that for the period under review, independent Directors make up at least one-third  of  the  Board.  No  independent  Director  has  served  on  the  Board  beyond  nine years  from  the  date  of  his  or  her appointment. Non-Executive Directors make up a majority of the Board.

The Nominating Committee (save for Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven who abstained from deliberation in this matter) noted that Mr Lo is a Director of Drew &amp; Napier LLC, which is one of the law firms providing legal services to the Group in FY2022. Mr Lo had declared to the Nominating Committee that he did not have a 5% or more stake in Drew &amp; Napier LLC, and that the total fees that Drew &amp; Napier LLC received from the Group in FY2022 for the provision of legal services were not significant under the guidance provided in the Practice Guidance. The Nominating Committee also took into account Mr Lo's actual performance and valuable contributions on the Board and Board Committees. It agreed that Mr Lo has at all times discharged his duties with professionalism and objectivity and exercised strong independent judgment in the best interests of the Company, and should therefore continue to be deemed an independent Director.

The Nominating Committee (Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae abstained from giving her views on the determination of her independence) noted that Ms Heng does not have any of the relationships and is not faced with the circumstances identified in the Code and the Practice Guidance that would interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of her independent judgment  in  the  best  interests  of  the  Company.  The  Nominating  Committee  is  of  view  that  Ms  Heng  has  demonstrated independence in  the  discharge  of  her  duties  and  responsibilities  as  a  Director  and  that  she  is  therefore  an  Independent Director.

## Board Diversity

The  Company  has  in  place  a  Board  Diversity  Policy,  which  recognises  the  benefits  of  having  a  Board  with  diverse backgrounds  and  experience  to  enhance  decision  making  and  ensure  effective  governance.  While  striving  for  diversity, all  Board appointment are made on merit, taking into account skills, knowledge, experience and perspectives for effective stewardship of the Company's business. In accordance with this policy, the Nominating Committee will review the relevant objectives for promoting and achieving diversity on the Board, the progress made and make recommendations for approval by the Board. The Nominating Committee will review this policy from time to time as appropriate and the progress made.

The  Board  and  the  Nominating  Committee  are  of  the  view  that  the  current  composition  of  the  Board  encompasses  an appropriate  balance  and  diversity  of  skills,  experience,  gender,  age,  knowledge  and  competencies  such  as  accounting, finance, business and management experience, law, industry knowledge and strategic planning experience. The Board has four male directors and one female director with ages ranging from 48 to 77, who served on the board for different tenure.

The Company does not set any specific target for the boardroom age diversity but will work towards having appropriate age diversity in the Board, if the opportunity arises. The Company does not fix age limit for its Directors given that such Directors are normally reputed and experienced in the corporate world and could continue to contribute to the Board in steering the Company. The Board is fully committed to promoting age diversity, valuing the contribution of its members regardless of age, and seek to eliminate age stereotyping and discrimination on age.

The Company does not set any specific target for ethnic diversity in the boardroom but will work towards having appropriate ethnic diversity in the Board, if the opportunity arises.

Non-Executive Independent Directors meet periodically without the presence of Management. Feedback is provided to the Board as appropriate.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

(Principle 3)

The  Chairman  and  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  are  separate  persons.  The  Chairman  is  a  Non-Executive  and  independent Director and also chairs the Remuneration Committee and the Nominating Committee. He leads the Board and is responsible for  ensuring  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board.  He  approves  the  agenda  for  the  Board  meetings  and  ensures  sufficient  time is  allocated  for  discussion  of  all  agenda  items.  He  promotes  an  open  environment  for  debate  and  ensures  that  the  NonExecutive Directors are able to speak freely and contribute effectively. He ensures effective communication with shareholders, encourages  constructive  relations  between  the  Board  and  Management  and  between  the  Directors  and  promotes  high standard of corporate governance.

The Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are not related. The Chief Executive Officer leads the Management team and implements the Board's decisions. He is responsible for the day-to-day operations and business and the overall performance of the Group. The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are kept separate to ensure an appropriate balance of powers, increased accountability and greater capacity of the Board for independent decision making.

Given that the roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are separate, and the Chairman is independent, no Lead Independent Director is required to be appointed.

## Board Membership

(Principle 4)

The  Board  reviews  the  composition  of  the  Board  and  Board  Committees  periodically,  taking  into  account  the  need  for progressive renewal of the Board and each Director's competencies, commitment, contribution and performance.

The Nominating Committee comprises Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven (Committee Chairman), Mr Peh Kwee Chim and Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae. The majority of the Nominating Committee members including the Chairman, are Non-Executive Independent Directors. The role and functions of the Nominating Committee are set out in its written Terms of Reference, which set out its authority and duties.

The Nominating Committee's functions include reviewing succession plans for Directors, in particular the appointment and/or replacement of the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and key management personnel, reviewing the process and criteria for  evaluation  of  the  performance  of  the  Board,  its  Board  Committees  and  Directors,  reviewing  training  and  professional development programmes for the Board, considering the appointment and re-appointment of Directors, reviewing the balance and diversity of skills, experience, gender, age, knowledge and competencies of the Board and its size and composition, and determining the independence of a Director.

## Process for Selection of New Directors

The  Nominating  Committee  oversees  the  process  for  the  appointment  of  new  Directors.  The  Nominating  Committee assesses  the  appropriate  mix  of  expertise  and  experiences  needed  for  an  effective  Board  and  recommends  the  most suitable candidates, after reviewing their qualities and profiles, taking into consideration factors such as skills, experience, background, age, gender and other relevant factors and how they will complement and augment the competencies of the current  Board.  The  Nominating  Committee  may  recourse  to  both  internal  as  well  as  external  sources  to  draw  up  a  list  of potential candidates. Suitable candidates are then evaluated, shortlisted and recommended to the Board for consideration.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Directors' Time Commitment

The  Nominating  Committee  has  reviewed  each  Director's  listed  company  directorships  and  principal  commitments.  The Nominating Committee is satisfied that all Directors have carried out their duties adequately, contributing to the effectiveness of the Board and Board Committees. The Directors had demonstrated their commitment to the Company and availability to attend to the affairs of the Company, both at formal meetings and informally. The Nominating Committee therefore does not recommend setting a limit on the number of listed company board representations that a Director may hold.

## Re-Election of Directors

Each year, the Nominating Committee reviews the nomination of Directors for re-election. In recommending the Directors for re-election, the Nominating Committee takes into account the competencies, commitments, contribution and performance of the Directors with reference to their attendance, preparedness, participation and candour at meetings of the Board and Board Committees.

At each AGM of the Company, not less than one third of the Directors for the time being (being those who have been longest in office since their last re-election) are required to retire from office by rotation. A retiring Director is eligible for re-election by the shareholders of the Company at the AGM. Also, all newly appointed Directors during the year will hold office only until the next AGM and will be eligible for re-election.

No alternate Director has been or is currently appointed to the Board.

Key information on the Directors is set out on pages 14 to 16 of this Annual Report.

## Board Performance

(Principle 5)

The Board has implemented a process in consultation with the Nominating Committee, for assessing the effectiveness of the Board, each Board Committee and the Directors' contribution to the effectiveness of the Board on an annual basis. To provide feedback to aid in this assessment, each Director is required to complete an evaluation questionnaire. The evaluation questionnaire considers factors such as the size and composition of the Board and Board Committees, Board processes and accountability,  Board  and  Board  Committees'  development  and  effectiveness,  information  management,  decision-making processes, risk and crisis management and communication with Senior Management and shareholders. The evaluation and feedback are then consolidated and presented to the Board for discussion on areas of strengths and weaknesses to improve the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees. The Chairman would act on the results of the performance evaluation, and in consultation with the Nominating Committee, propose where appropriate, new members to be appointed to the Board or  seek  the  resignation  of  Directors  in  order  to  enhance  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  and  its  Committees.  No  external facilitator has been used for the purpose of Board assessment in FY2022. The Nominating Committee periodically reviews and improves the evaluation questionnaire as necessary. The Nominating Committee has decided for the time being that in view of the strengths and contributions of each Director and the demonstrated commitment to his/her role on the Board, it would not be necessary to assess the individual performance of each Director.

## Corporate Governance Report

## REMUNERATION MATTERS

(Principles 6)

## Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

The Remuneration Committee comprises Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven (Committee Chairman), Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae and Mr Lim Kwee Siah, all of whom are Non-Executive and the majority of whom, including the Chairman, are Independent Directors.

The functions of the Remuneration Committee include the following:

- (a) To review and recommend to the Board a framework of remuneration for the Board and key management personnel;
- (b) To review and recommend to the Board the specific remuneration packages for each Director, as well as for the key management personnel;
- (c) To review all aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, sharebased incentives and awards, if any, benefits in kind and termination payments;
- (d) To  review  and  administer  any  share  incentive  scheme  adopted  by  the  Group  and  to  decide  on  the  allocations  to eligible participants under the said scheme; and
- (e) To review the Company's obligations arising in the event of termination of the Executive Directors' and key management personnel's contracts of service to ensure such contracts of services contain fair and reasonable termination clauses.

The role and functions of the Remuneration Committee are set out in its written Terms of Reference, which set out its authority and duties.

If required, the Remuneration Committee will seek expert advice inside and/or outside the Company on the remuneration of all  Directors and key management personnel, and any such engagement of remuneration consultants would be disclosed, including a statement on whether they have any relationship with the Company. No remuneration consultants were engaged for FY2022.

## Level and Mix of Remuneration

(Principal 7)

## Disclosure of Remuneration

(Principal 8)

The objective of the Group's remuneration policy is to ensure that the level and structure of the remuneration of the Board and key management personnel are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the Group, taking into account its strategic objectives, its long-term interests and risk policies. The Remuneration Committee has structured remuneration packages for key management personnel on measured performance indicators taking into account financial and non-financial factors. Remuneration is structured to link a significant and appropriate proportion of rewards to corporate and individual performance.

The remuneration framework for Directors, the Chief Executive Officer and key management personnel is aligned with the interests  of  shareholders  and  other  stakeholders  and  appropriate  to  attract,  retain  and  motivate  the  Directors  to  provide good stewardship of the Company and key management personnel to successfully manage the Company for the long term.

## Corporate Governance Report

Non-Executive  Directors  including  the  Chairman,  are  paid  fees,  subject  to  the  approval  of  shareholders  at  the  AGM.  The Directors'  fees  are  appropriate  to  the  level  of  contribution,  taking  into  account  factors  such  as  effort,  time  spent  and responsibilities  of  each  Non-Executive  Director.  Non-Executive  Directors  are  not  overly  compensated  to  the  extent  that their independence may be compromised. The Company does not have a retirement remuneration plan for Non-Executive Directors. Executive Directors do not receive any Directors' fees. No individual Director fixes his own remuneration.

The  Company  adopts  a  remuneration  policy  for  Executive  Directors  and  key  management  personnel  comprising  a  fixed component and a variable component. The fixed component is in the form of a base salary, allowance and benefits in kind. The variable component is in the form of a variable bonus, comprising short-term and medium-term incentives, which are dependent on the financial performance of the Group and individual performance.

A percentage breakdown showing the level and mix of remuneration for each Director, the Chief Executive Officer and key management personnel is disclosed herein. In FY2022, the top two key management personnel (who are not Directors or the Chief Executive Officer) are Mr Eldon Wan and Ms Anne Liew Mei Hong. In disclosing the remuneration of the top two key management personnel in bands of US$180,000, the Company provides a macro perspective without compromising the Group's business interests and minimises the highly competitive pressures which would arise from more detailed disclosures.

The Board is also of the view that it is in the best interests of the Company not to fully disclose the remuneration of each Director, the Chief Executive Officer and the aggregate total remuneration paid to the top two key management personnel (who are not Directors or the Chief Executive Officer),  given  the  confidential  and  commercial  sensitivities  associated  with remuneration  matters  and  the  highly  competitive  human  resource  environment  in  which  the  Company  operates  and  the importance of ensuring stability and continuity of business operations with a competent and experienced management team in place.

Excluding Mr Peh Kwee Chim and Mr Peh Siong Woon Terence who are immediate family members, there was no employee of  the  Company and its subsidiaries who was an immediate family member of a Director, the Chief Executive Officer or a substantial shareholder of the Company and whose remuneration exceeded US$72,000 during FY2022.

The Chuan Hup Employee Share Schemes ('CH ESOS') which was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 29 October 2020 is in force for a period of 10 years. Please refer to  the  Company's  circular  dated  6  October  2020  for  details  of  CH  ESOS.  The  CH  ESOS  was  designated  to  reward  the contributions and continued dedication of our key employees and non-executive directors. This complementary programme provides greater flexibility in structuring market competitive compensation packages of eligible participants and additional incentive for motivating and retaining employees.

As of 30 June 2022, no option has been granted under the CH ESOS.

## Corporate Governance Report

Remuneration paid or accrued to Directors and the Chief Executive Officer by the Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Directors/ Chief Executive Officer  of Company  Fixed  Component (1)  (%)  Variable  Component (2)  (%)  Directors'  Fees  (%)  Total  Compensation  (%)  US$540,000  to US$719,999  Mr Peh Kwee Chim  85  15  -  100  Mr Peh Siong Woon Terence  (Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director)  83  17  -  100  Below US$180,000  Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven  -  -  100  100  Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae  -  -  100  100  Mr Lim Kwee Siah  -  -  100  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) Fixed component refers to base salary, allowances, benefits in kind and employer CPF.
- (2) Variable component refers to variable bonus and employer CPF.

Remuneration  paid  or  accrued  to  the  top  two  Key  Management  Personnel  (who  are  not  Directors  or  the  Chief Executive Officer) by the Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Remuneration Bands/  Key Management Personnel  Fixed  Component (1)  (%)  Variable  Component (2)  (%)  Total  Compensation  (%)  Between US$540,000 to US$719,999  1  69  31  100  Between US$360,000 to US$539,999  1  70  30  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) Fixed component refers to base salary, allowances, benefits in kind and employer CPF.

(2) Variable component refers to variable bonus and employer CPF.

## Corporate Governance Report

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

(Principle 9)

The Board is responsible for the governance of risk, including determining the nature and extent of the significant risks which the Company is willing to take. The Board oversees the Company's risk management framework and policies and ensures that  Management  maintains  a  sound  system  of  risk  management  and  internal  controls,  to  safeguard  the  interests  of  the Company and its shareholders. If there are any material weakness identified by the Board or Audit Committee, Management takes the necessary steps to address them.

The  Group  has  in  place  an  Enterprise  Risk  Management  Framework  ('ERM  Framework').  This  ERM  Framework  sets  out the  formal,  systematic  and  comprehensive  guidelines  and  rules  to  identify  and  manage  significant  risks  that  might  affect the  Group's  achievement of its  business  objectives.  Key  risks,  control  measures  and  management  actions  are  continually identified and monitored by Management. Management then applies appropriate controls and mitigating steps to manage the risk to an acceptable level.

On an annual basis, the Group's internal auditor prepares an audit plan taking into consideration risks identified and assessed from the risk management systems. This risk-based audit plan is approved by the Audit Committee and audits are conducted to  assess  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  system  of  internal  controls  in  addressing  financial,  operational, compliance  and  information  technology  risks.  In  addition,  material  control  weaknesses  over  financial  reporting,  if  any,  are highlighted by the external auditor in the course of the statutory audit.

All audit findings and recommendations made by the internal and external auditors are reported to the Audit Committee and significant  findings  are  discussed  at  the  Audit  Committee  meetings.  Management  follows  up  on  all  recommendations  to ensure timely remediation of audit issues and reports the status to the Audit Committee.

For FY2022, the Board has received assurance from:

- (a) The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer that the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and finances; and
- (b) The Chief Executive Officer and the relevant key management personnel that the Group's risk management and internal control systems (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) were adequate and effective.

Based on the internal controls established and maintained by the Group, work performed by the internal and external auditors, reviews performed by Management and the Board Committees, the assurance from the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the relevant key management personnel, the Board is satisfied and the Audit Committee concurs with the Board that the Group's internal controls (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems, were adequate and effective as at 30 June 2022.

The Board and the Audit Committee, however, note that the system of internal controls provides reasonable, but not absolute, assurance  that  the  Group  will  not  be  affected  by  any  event  (that  could  be  reasonably  foreseen)  as  it  strives  to  achieve its  business  objectives.  In  this  regard,  the  Board  also  notes  that  no  system  can  provide  absolute  assurance  against  the occurrence of material errors, poor judgment in decision-making, human error, fraud or other irregularities.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Accountability

The Board's responsibility is to present a balanced and fair assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects to  the  public  via  the  release  of  the  Group's  financial  results.  The  Audit  Committee  and  the  Board  review  and  approve  the financial results before its dissemination.

The financial statements and other announcements are released via the SGXNet and are also available on the Company's website. The Company's Annual Reports may be viewed or downloaded from the corporate website as well. Shareholders may, however, request for a physical copy at no cost.

The  Board  takes  appropriate  steps  to  keep  abreast  of  changes  and  ensure  compliance  with  legislative  and  regulatory requirements, where appropriate.

## Audit Committee

(Principle 10)

The Audit Committee comprises Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae (Committee Chairman), Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven and Mr Lim Kwee Siah, all of whom are Non-Executive, and the majority of whom, including the Chairman, are Independent Directors. Ms Heng Su-Ling  Mae  and  Mr  Lim  Kwee  Siah  have  recent  and  relevant  accounting  or  related  financial  management  expertise  and experience.  Mr  Lo  Pang  Foo  Steven  has  in-depth  knowledge  of  the  responsibilities  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  practical experience and knowledge of the issues and considerations affecting the Committee. The Audit Committee is guided by clear written T erms of Reference and met four times in FY2022.

The Audit  Committee  has  full  access  to  and  co-operation  by  Management.  The  Audit  Committee  also  has  full  discretion to  invite  any  Director  or  executive  officer  to  attend  its  meetings  and  has  been  given  adequate  resources  to  discharge  its functions.  The  Audit  Committee  meets  with  the  external  auditor  and  with  the  internal  auditor,  in  each  case,  without  the presence of Management at least annually.

The Audit Committee performs the functions as set out in the Code including the following:

- (a) reviewing  the  significant  financial  reporting  issues  and  judgments  so  as  to  ensure  the  integrity  of  the  financial statements of the Company and any announcements relating to the Company's financial performance;
- (b) reviewing at least annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's internal controls and risk management systems;
- (c) reviewing  the  assurance  from  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  on  the  financial  records  and financial statements;
- (d) making recommendations to the Board on: (i) the proposals to the shareholders on the appointment and removal of external auditor; (ii) the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor;
- (e) reviewing  the  adequacy,  effectiveness,  independence,  scope  and  results  of  the  external  audit  and  the  Company's internal audit function;
- (f) reviewing  and  approving  processes  to  regulate  interested  person  transactions  and  to  ensure  compliance  with  the applicable regulations; and
- (g) reviewing the policy and arrangements for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to  be  safely  raised,  independently  investigated  and  appropriately  followed  up  on.  The  Company  publicly  discloses, and clearly  communicates to employees, the existence of a whistle-blowing policy and procedure for raising such concerns.

## Corporate Governance Report

The  Audit  Committee  discussed  the  key  audit  matters  for  FY2022  with  Management  and  the  external  auditor.  The  Audit Committee concurs with the basis and conclusions included in the auditor's report with respect to key audit matters.

For more information on the key audit matters, please refer to pages 45 to 47 of this Annual Report.

The Audit Committee considered the volume of non-audit services provided by the external auditor to the Group, and being satisfied  that  the  nature  and  extent  of  such  services  will  not  prejudice  the  independence  and  objectivity  of  the  external auditor, confirmed their re-nomination. The aggregate amount of fees paid to the external auditor in FY2022 and a breakdown of the fees paid in respect of audit and non-audit services are stated in the notes to the financial statements.

Two of the Company's subsidiaries and its associated companies, Finbar Group Limited (which is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange) and Keyland Ayala Properties Inc, are audited by different audit firms. The names of these audit firms are listed on pages 86 and 93 of the Annual Report. The Board and the Audit Committee are satisfied that the appointment of these auditors would not compromise the standard and effectiveness of the audit of the Group. Accordingly, the Board confirms that Rule 712 and Rule 715 read with Rule 716 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual have been complied with.

The Audit Committee has nominated Ernst and Young LLP for re-appointment as external auditor of the Company at the forthcoming AGM.

Changes to accounting standards and accounting issues which have a direct impact on the financial statements are reported to the Audit Committee, and highlighted by the external auditor in their meetings with the Audit Committee.

None of the Audit Committee members is a former partner or director of the Company's existing auditing firm, Ernst and Young LLP.

## Internal Audit

The  internal  audit  function  of  the  Company  is  outsourced  to  BDO  LLP  (the  'Internal  Auditor'),  which  is  independent  of Management. The Audit Committee decides on the appointment, termination and remuneration of the Internal Auditor.

The Internal Auditor's primary line of reporting is to the Audit Committee. The Internal Auditor has unfettered access to the Audit Committee, the Board and Management as well as all the Group's documents, records, properties and personnel.

The Internal Auditor carries out its function according to the standards set by internationally recognised professional bodies including the Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by The Institute of Internal Auditors.

During the financial year, the Internal Auditor conducted its audit review based on the internal audit plan approved by the Audit Committee. The Internal Auditor submitted its internal audit report to the Audit Committee on audit findings and actions taken by Management on the findings.

For FY2022, the Audit Committee was satisfied that the internal audit function was independent, adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Group and co-operation of the Management to carry out its duties effectively.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Whistle-blowing Policy

The  Company  has  put  in  place  a  whistle-blowing  policy  which  sets  out  the  procedures  for  staff  of  the  Company  and stakeholders to make a report in good faith and in confidence without fear of reprisal, concerns about wrongdoing or breach of applicable laws, regulations, policies or other matters relating to the Group and its officers. The policy provides that the identity of the whistleblower will be kept confidential and there is no detrimental or unfair treatment against whistblower who has made a report in good faith. The objective for such arrangement is to ensure independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action.

The  Audit  Committee  is  responsible  for  oversight  and  monitoring  of  whistle-blowing.  The  Audit  Committee  reviews  all whistle-blowing reports if any, received at its quarterly meetings. The Audit Committee may consider the seriousness of the issues raised, the credibility of the concern and the likelihood of confirming the allegation from attributable sources and if such reports are made in good faith. Depending on the complexity and the nature of the reports, the Audit Committee has the authority to engage any external experts to assist in investigations.

Whistleblowers may identify themselves or make anonymous reports in the form of letter or written reports by mail to Chuan Hup Holdings Limited at 8 Eu Tong Sen Street, #24-90 The Central, Singapore 059818 and addressed to the Chairman of Audit Committee.

Details of the whistle-blowing policy, together with the dedicated whistle-blowing communication channels have been made available to all employees in the Company's Employee Handbook.

There was no whistle-blowing report received during FY2022 and up to date of this Report.

## SHAREHOLDERS RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

(Principle 11)

## Engagement with Shareholders

(Principle 12)

## Engagement with Stakeholders

(Principle 13)

The Company is committed to treating all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the Company.

## Conduct of Shareholder Meetings

In  light  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  the  Company  convened  and  held  its  2021  AGM  by  way  of  electronic  means  on  29 October 2021 pursuant to COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (The Ministerial Order). The notice of the  2021  AGM  was  sent  to  shareholders  solely  by  electronic  means  through  publication  on  SGXNet  and  the  Company's corporate website. In addition to being able to submit questions for the 2021 AGM in advance of the meeting (the responses for which were uploaded via SGXNet and on CHH's corporate website). Shareholders voted by appointing the Chairman of the 2021 AGM as proxy.

## Corporate Governance Report

The forthcoming AGM (2022 AGM) will again be convened and held by way of electronic means pursuant to the Ministerial Order.  In  order  to  keep  physical  interactions  and  COVID-19  transmission  risk  to  a  minimum,  shareholders  will  not  be  able to attend the 2022 AGM in person. The same alternative arrangements as last year's AGM will be put in place for the 2022 AGM, except that this year, shareholders will also be able to vote at the AGM (i) 'live' by the shareholders themselves or their duly appointed proxy(ies) (other than the Chairman of the Meeting) 1 , via electronic means; or (ii) by appointing the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM. Details of the steps for pre-registration, submission of questions and voting at the 2022 AGM by shareholders, including CPF and SRS investors, are set out in a separate announcement to be released on SGXNet on 6 October 2022.

The Company's usual practice for the conduct of general meetings is otherwise set out below.

The  Company  encourages  shareholder  participation  and  ensures  that  shareholders  have  the  opportunity  to  participate effectively  at  general  meetings.  Shareholders  are  informed  of  general  meetings  through  published  notices  in  the  annual reports  or  circulars.  The  notice  of  general  meeting,  which  sets  out  all  items  of  business  to  be  transacted  at  the  general meeting, is also released via SGXNet and published in The Business Times. Shareholders are informed of the rules, including voting procedures, that govern general meetings of shareholders

A shareholder who is entitled to attend and vote may either vote in person or through the appointment of one or more proxies (who can either be named individuals nominated by the shareholder to attend the meeting or the Chairman of the meeting as the shareholder may select). The Constitution allows a shareholder of the Company to appoint up to two proxies to attend and vote in place of the shareholder. Pursuant to the Companies Act 1967, the CPF Board and relevant intermediaries (as defined in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967) may appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote on their behalf.

The Company's main forum for dialogue and interaction with shareholders takes place at its  AGM.  All  Directors  attended the last AGM of the Company in 2021 virtually. All Directors including the Chairman of each Board Committee and Senior Management are in attendance at shareholders' meetings to allow shareholders the opportunity to air their views and ask questions regarding the Company. The external auditor is also present to address shareholders' queries about the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the auditor's report.

The Board ensures that there are separate resolutions at general meetings on each substantially separate issue unless the resolutions are interdependent and linked so as to form one significant proposal. Where the resolutions are 'bundled', the Company explains the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting.

Minutes of general meetings, that include substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of the meeting and responses from the Board and Management are recorded and are available to shareholders upon their request. The Company will publish the minutes of the forthcoming AGM and future general meetings on its corporate website.

To ensure transparency in the voting process, and better reflect shareholders' interests, the Company puts all resolutions at  general  meetings  to  vote  by  electronic  poll  voting.  An  independent  scrutineer  is  also  appointed  to  count  and  validate the votes cast at the meetings. Detailed results showing the number of votes cast for and against each resolution and the respective percentage will be displayed live-on-screen to shareholders/proxies immediately after each poll conducted. The polling results are also announced on the SGXNet and the Company's website.

Chuan Hup currently does not implement voting in absentia by email or electronic means. This is due to concerns with the authentication of the shareholder's identity and other related security and integrity issues.

1 For the avoidance of doubt, CPF and SRS investors will not be able to appoint third party proxy(ies) (i.e., persons other than the Chairman of the Meeting) to vote 'live' at the AGM on their behalf.

## Corporate Governance Report

The  Company's  policy  on  the  payment  of  dividends  (excluding  special  dividends)  is  to  endeavour  -  barring  unforeseen circumstances - to pay up to fifty percent (50%) of net profit after tax. In considering the level of dividend payments, the Board takes into account various factors including the level of available cash, the return on equity and retained earnings and projected level of capital expenditure and other investment plans.

The Company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other channels to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company. The  Company  has  in  place  an  investor  relations  policy  which  allows  for  an  ongoing  exchange  of  views  so  as  to  actively engage and promote regular, effective and fair communications with shareholders. The investor relations policy sets out the mechanisms through which shareholders may contact the Company with questions and through which the Company may respond to such questions.

The Company is committed to providing shareholders with timely, adequate and relevant information pertaining to changes in the Company or its business which would be likely to materially affect the price or value of the Company's shares to enable shareholders  to  make  informed  decisions  in  respect  of  their  investments  in  the  Company.  It  does  not  practise  selective disclosure of price-sensitive information.

The Company's policy is that shareholders be informed promptly of all major developments that impact the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company communicates information to shareholders and the investing community through timely release of announcements via SGXNet. Such announcements include the half year and full year results, material transactions, and other developments relating to the Group requiring disclosure under the corporate disclosure policy of the SGX-ST. Annual Reports and Sustainability Reports are issued within the mandatory period.

The Company maintains a corporate website at www.chuanhup.com.sg to communicate and engage with external stakeholders such as investors and customers, and the public can access information on the Group including the announcements made to SGX-ST.

The Management team handles queries by analysts, investors and shareholders in the form of letters, electronic mail and telephone calls.

The  Company has arrangements in  place  to  identify  and  engage  with  its  material  stakeholder  groups  and  to  manage  its relationship with such groups. These arrangements as well as strategies and key areas of focus in relation to the management of stakeholder relationships are set out in the Company's Sustainability Report.

## OTHER CODES AND PRACTICES

## Dealing in Securities

The Group has an internal code on dealings in securities of the Company by Directors and employees. Chuan Hup's Directors and employees are prohibited from dealing in  Chuan  Hup's  shares  during  the  period  commencing  one  month  before  the announcement  of  the  Company's  half  year  and  full  year  financial  statements  ('Closed  Period').  In  addition,  Directors  and employees are prohibited from dealing in Chuan Hup's shares on short-term considerations and/or while in possession of unpublished material price-sensitive information relating to Chuan Hup shares.

The Company will also not purchase or acquire its securities during the Closed Periods and at any time after a price-sensitive or trade-sensitive development has occurred or has been the subject of a decision until the price-sensitive or trade-sensitive information has been publicly announced.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Interested Person Transactions Policy

The Company has procedures in place to comply with the SGX-ST Listing Manual requirements relating to interested person transactions of the Company.

The aggregate value of interested person transactions ('IPTs') entered into during the financial year under review is as follows:

| Name of interested person  Aggregate value of all IPTs  during the financial year under  review (excluding transactions  less than  S$100,000/US$72,000)  and transactions conducted  under shareholders' mandate  pursuant to Rule 920)  Aggregate value of all IPTs  conducted under shareholders'  mandate pursuant to Rule 920  (excluding transactions less than  S$100,000/ US$72,000)  S$'000/US$'000  S$'000/US$'000  Mr Lim Kwee Siah  - provision of consultancy services  162/120  NIL   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Content

| - 41 Directors' Statement  - 45 Independent Auditor's Report  - 51 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  - 52 Balance Sheets  - 54 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  - 56 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  - 58 Notes to the Financial Statements   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Statement

The  directors  are  pleased  to  present  their  statement  to  the  members  together  with  the  audited  consolidated  financial statements of Chuan Hup Holdings Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group') for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 and the balance sheet of the Company as at 30 June 2022.

## OPINION OF THE DIRECTORS

In the opinion of the directors,

- (i) the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group and the balance sheet of the Company are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 30 June 2022 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group for the financial year ended on that date; and
- (ii) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

## DIRECTORS

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven Mr Peh Kwee Chim Mr Peh Siong Woon Terence Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae

Mr Lim Kwee Siah

## ARRANGEMENTS TO ENABLE DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

## Directors' Statement

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN SHARES AND DEBENTURES

The following directors, who held office at the end of the financial year, had, according to the register of directors' shareholdings, required to be kept under Section 164 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, an interest in shares of the Company and related corporations (other than wholly-owned subsidiaries) as stated below:

| Direct Interest  Deemed interest  (1)  Name of director  At the  beginning of  the financial  year  At the  end of the  financial   year  At 21 July  2022  At the  beginning of  the financial  year  At the  end of the  financial   year  At 21 July  2022  Chuan Hup Holdings Limited  (ordinary shares)  Mr Peh Kwee Chim  37,709,100  -  -  478,264,490  478,264,490  478,264,490  Mr Peh Siong Woon Terence  -  37,709,100 (2)  37,709,100 (2)  478,264,490  478,264,490  478,264,490  Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae  -  -  -  50,000  50,000  50,000  Mr Lim Kwee Siah  230,000  230,000  230,000  -  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Deemed to have an interest pursuant to Section 4 of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and Section 7 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore.

(2) Registered in the name of nominees.

By virtue of Section 4 of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and Section 7 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, Mr Peh Kwee Chim and Mr Peh Siong Woon Terence are deemed to have an interest in all the related corporations of the Company.

Except as disclosed in this statement, no director who held office at the end of the financial year had interests in shares, share options, warrants or debentures of the Company, or of related corporations, either at the beginning, or at the end of the financial year.

## SHARE PLAN

The  Group  has  adopted  an  employee  share  scheme,  known  as  the  Chuan  Hup  Employee  Share  Schemes  ('CH  ESOS'), approved by the shareholders of the Company at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company held on 29 October 2020, designated to reward the contributions and continued dedication of our key employees and non-executive directors. This  complementary  programme  provides  greater  flexibility  in  structuring  market  competitive  compensation  packages  of eligible participants and additional incentive for motivating and retaining employees.

The CH ESOS is administered by the Remuneration Committee which comprises the following members:

Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven (Chairman) Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae Mr Lim Kwee Siah

The selection of the participants and the number of shares in CH ESOS is determined by the Remuneration Committee at its absolute discretion.

There was no employee share option granted as of the date of this report.

## Directors' Statement

## SHARE OPTIONS

## (a) Options to take up unissued shares

During the financial year, no option to take up unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group was granted.

## (b) Options exercised

During the financial year, there were no shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group issued by virtue of the exercise of an option to take up unissued shares.

## (c) Unissued shares under options

At the end of the financial year, there were no unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group under option.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises the following Non-Executive Directors at the date of this statement:

Ms Heng Su-Ling Mae (Chairman)

Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven Mr Lim Kwee Siah

All the Audit Committee members, except Mr Lim Kwee Siah, are independent.

The Audit Committee carried out its functions in accordance with Section 201B(5) of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore and the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited Listing Manual. The functions carried out are detailed in the Corporate Governance  Report,  which  is  included  in  the  Company's  Annual  Report  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  June  2022,  and include a review of the financial statements of the Company and of the Group for the financial year and the external auditor's report thereon.

Accordingly, the Audit Committee has also undertaken a review of the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditor to the Group. In the opinion of the Audit Committee, these services would not affect the independence of the external auditor.

The Audit Committee has recommended to the Board that the auditor, Ernst &amp; Young LLP, be nominated for re-appointment at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

## Directors' Statement

## AUDITOR

Ernst &amp; Young LLP has expressed its willingness to accept re-appointment as auditor.

On behalf of the board of directors,

<!-- image -->

Peh Siong Woon Terence Director

<!-- image -->

Peh Kwee Chim Director

Singapore

6 September 2022

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHUAN HUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Chuan Hup Holdings Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the  'Group'),  which  comprise  the  balance  sheets  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  as  at  30  June  2022,  the  consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated cash flow statement of the Group for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group and the balance sheet of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (SFRS(I)) so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for opinion

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  Singapore  Standards  on  Auditing  (SSAs).  Our  responsibilities  under  those standards  are  further  described  in  the  Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Financial  Statements  section  of  our report.  We  are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  Accounting  and  Corporate  Regulatory  Authority  (ACRA) Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (ACRA Code) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled our responsibilities described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to  respond  to  our  assessment  of  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  financial  statements.  The  results  of  our  audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements.

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHUAN HUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Key audit matters (continued)

## Valuation of investment properties

As disclosed in Note 17 to the financial statements, the Group owns three office floors at GB Building and one office floor at The Central. As at 30 June 2022, the Group's investment properties amounted to US$52.6 million, representing 34.3% of non-current assets and 22.2% of total assets of the Group. The Group records the investment properties at fair value as at the balance sheet date.

The  Group  also  has  significant  interest  in  associates,  which  are  mainly  involved  in  the  business  of  property  investment and hold investment properties in Australia and Philippines. As at 30 June 2022, the carrying value of the interests in the associates amounted to US$55.1 million, representing 35.9% of non-current assets and 23.3% of total assets of the Group. For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the Group's share of the associate's results was US$4.4 million. The recoverability of  the  interests  in  and  a  portion  of  the  results  from  the  associates  are  dependent  on  the  fair valuation  of  the  investment properties held by the associates.

Management  of  the  respective  entities  engaged  independent  professional  valuers  to  determine  the  fair  value  of  these properties. The valuation of investment properties is a key audit matter as it involved the use of a range of estimates made by management and the independent valuers particularly in the light of volatility and uncertainties due to the current economic condition.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

As part of our audit procedures, we considered the objectivity, independence and competency of the independent valuers engaged by management of the respective entities. We discussed with management, auditors of the associates and the independent valuers and obtained explanations to understand the selection of the valuation methodology as well as the key assumptions used to establish the valuation. We assessed the appropriateness of the valuation method used by considering the valuation method adopted for similar property types. We assessed the reasonableness of the market transacted price per  square  metre  used  in  the  valuations  by  comparing  them  against  recent  transacted  prices  of  comparable  properties. We inquired and obtained explanations from management, auditors of the associates and the independent valuers on the valuation  adjustments  made  to  the  key  assumptions  in  response  to  the  heightened  level  of  estimation  uncertainty.  We assessed the reasonableness of the movements in fair value of the investment properties based on available industry data and current property market outlook.

The key areas of judgment and estimation involved in the valuation of investment properties are disclosed in Note 3.2(a) to the financial statements and information related to investment properties and interests in associates is provided in Note 17 and Note 18 to the financial statements.

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHUAN HUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Key audit matters (continued)

## Carrying value of development properties

The Group has significant interests in an associate and joint ventures, which are mainly involved in the business of property development  in  Australia.  As  at  30  June  2022,  the  carrying  value  of  the  interests  in  the  associates  and  joint  ventures amounted to US$99.7 million, representing 65.0% of non-current assets and 42.1% of total assets of the Group. For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the Group's share of the associate's results was US$4.4 million. The recoverability of the interests in the associates and joint ventures are dependent on the carrying value of the development properties held by the associates and joint ventures.

Management of the respective entities exercised judgment to assess whether there is a need to write down the development properties. These judgments include the estimation of the expected selling prices of development properties, taking into account current and expected market demand for such properties. As such, we identified this to be a key audit matter.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

As  part  of  our  audit  procedures,  we  discussed  with  management  and  auditors  of  the  associates  and  joint  ventures  to understand their sales plans, current sales progress and their expected financial performance. We assessed whether the carrying  value  of  development  properties  was  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  In  assessing  the  net realisable  value,  we  checked  prices  of  units  sold  during  the  year  and  subsequent  to  the  year  end  to  assess  the  margins achieved. Additionally, we assessed the reasonableness of the forecasted selling prices of these development properties by comparing to recent transacted prices for the same project or comparable properties in the vicinity of the properties, taking into consideration the prevailing market trends and the selling plans for these properties.

The key areas of judgment and estimation involved in valuation of development properties are disclosed in Note 3.2(b) to the financial statements and information related to interests in associates and joint ventures is provided in Note 18 to the financial statements.

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHUAN HUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Other information

Management is responsible for other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements

Management is  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I), and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to  provide  a  reasonable  assurance  that  assets  are  safeguarded  against  loss  from  unauthorised  use  or  disposition;  and transactions  are  properly  authorised  and  that  they  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  the  preparation  of  true  and  fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In  preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with  SSAs  will  always  detect  a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHUAN HUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (continued)

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgment  and  maintain  professional  scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement of  the  financial  statements,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error, design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence  that  is  sufficient and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.    The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material  misstatement  resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as  fraud may involve collusion, forgery , intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in  the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates  and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a  material  uncertainty  exists,  we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  financial  statements,  including  the  disclosures,  and whether  the  financial  statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and  events  in  a  manner  that  achieves  fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We  also  provide  the  directors  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements  regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that  a  matter  should  not  be  communicated  in  our  report  because  the  adverse  consequences  of  doing  so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Independent Auditor's Report

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CHUAN HUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

## Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In  our  opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary corporations  incorporated  in  Singapore  of  which  we  are  the  auditors  have  been  properly  kept  in  accordance  with  the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Tan Seng Choon.

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants Singapore

6 September 2022

## Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue  4  15,731  19,582  Property development expense  (11,663)  (14,534)  Other operating expenses  (437)  (422)  Changes in fair value of investment properties  17  1,242  1,170  Changes in fair value of investment securities  (3,374)  2,332  Changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments  180  882  Employee benefits expense  (2,882)  (3,333)  Depreciation expense  (216)  (221)  Other expenses  (1,170)  (855)  Other gains, net  5  404  6,747  Share of results of associates  4,445  2,184  Profit before tax  6  2,260  13,532  Tax expense  7  (280)  (241)  Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company  1,980  13,291  Other comprehensive income:  Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:  Financial assets, at fair value through other comprehensive income:  Changes in fair value  97  (56)  Fair value changes reclassified to accumulated profits  (27)  (38)  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Currency translation  (11,471)  5,885  Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax  (11,401)  5,791  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year attributable to equity  holders of the Company  (9,421)  19,082  Earnings per share (US cents):  8  Basic  0.21  1.44  Diluted  0.21  1.44   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Balance Sheets

As at 30 June 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Assets  Current assets  Development properties  10  571  11,343  -  -  Trade and other receivables  11  886  3,036  28  30  Tax recoverable  162  236  -  -  Amounts due from subsidiaries  12  -  -  58,227  68,198  Investment securities  13  11,741  17,341  9,336  15,512  Cash and cash equivalents  14  69,898  90,109  21,828  17,235  83,258  122,065  89,419  100,975  Non-current assets  Plant and equipment  15  583  734  583  734  Right-of-use assets  16  -  -  1,459  1,683  Investment properties  17  52,631  53,196  -  -  Interests in subsidiaries  12  -  -  85,848  81,386  Interests in associates and joint ventures  18  99,706  95,407  34,682  34,682  Investment securities  13  363  938  363  532  Deferred tax assets  23  120  145  -  -  153,403  150,420  122,935  119,017  Total assets  236,661  272,485  212,354  219,992  Equity and liabilities  Current liabilities  Lease liabilities  20  -  -  208  210  Trade and other payables  21  1,934  14,600  1,197  5,036  Amounts due to subsidiaries  22  -  -  665  17,098  Income tax payable  774  744  -  -  Derivative financial instruments  -  180  -  180  2,708  15,524  2,070  22,524  Net current assets  80,550  106,541  87,349  78,451  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  20  -  -  1,249  1,508  Other payables  21  309  315  -  -  Deferred tax liabilities  23  134  115  -  -  443  430  1,249  1,508  Total liabilities  3,151  15,954  3,319  24,032  Net assets  233,510  256,531  209,035  195,960   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## Balance Sheets

As at 30 June 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Equity  Share capital  24  150,450  150,450  150,450  150,450  Treasury shares  25  -  -  -  -  Reserves  26  (15,104)  (4,225)  (1,616)  (2,613)  Accumulated profits  98,164  110,306  60,201  48,123  Total equity attributable to equity holders  of the Company  233,510  256,531  209,035  195,960  Total equity and liabilities  236,661  272,485  212,354  219,992   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Attributable to equity holders of the Company  Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Currency  translation  reserve  FVOCI  reserve  Accumulated  profits  Total  equity  Group  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Balance at 1 July 2021  150,450  -  (678)  (3,547)  110,306  256,531  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  1,980  1,980  Other comprehensive income  Financial assets, at FVOCI  Changes in fair value  -  -  -  97  -  97  Fair value changes  reclassified to accumulated  profits  -  -  -  -  (27)  (27)  Currency translation  -  -  (11,471)  -  -  (11,471)  Other comprehensive loss,  net of tax  -  -  (11,471)  97  (27)  (11,401)  Total comprehensive loss  for the year  -  -  (11,471)  97  1,953  (9,421)  Contributions by and  distributions to owners  Dividends paid to equity  holders of the Company  (Note 9)  -  -  -  -  (13,600)  (13,600)  Total contributions by and  distributions to owners  -  -  -  -  (13,600)  (13,600)  Others  Transfer of fair value reserves  of financial asset at FVOCI  upon disposal  -  -  -  495  (495)  -  Total others  -  -  -  495  (495)  -  Balance at 30 June 2022  150,450  -  (12,149)  (2,955)  98,164  233,510   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Currency  translation  reserve  FVOCI  reserve  Accumulated  profits  Total  equity  Group  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Balance at 1 July 2020  150,863  (413)  (6,563)  (3,031)  103,351  244,207  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  13,291  13,291  Other comprehensive income  Financial assets, at FVOCI  Changes in fair value  -  -  -  (56)  -  (56)  Fair value changes  reclassified to accumulated  profits  -  -  -  -  (38)  (38)  Currency translation  -  -  5,885  -  -  5,885  Other comprehensive  income, net of tax  -  -  5,885  (56)  (38)  5,791  Total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  5,885  (56)  13,253  19,082  Contributions by and  distributions to owners  Dividends paid to equity  holders of the Company  (Note 9)  -  -  -  -  (6,758)  (6,758)  Cancellation of treasury  shares (Note 25)  (413)  413  -  -  -  -  Total contributions by and  distributions to owners  (413)  413  -  -  (6,758)  (6,758)  Others  Transfer of fair value reserves  of financial asset at FVOCI  upon disposal  -  -  -  (460)  460  -  Total others  -  -  -  (460)  460  -  Balance at 30 June 2021  150,450  -  (678)  (3,547)  110,306  256,531   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Attributable to equity holders of the Company

## Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Operating activities  Profit before tax  2,260  13,532  Adjustments for:  Share of results of associates  (4,445)  (2,184)  Depreciation expense  15  216  221  Dividend income  4  (307)  (424)  Interest income  4  (775)  (856)  Unrealised translation loss/(gain)  2,246  (5,623)  Gain on disposal of plant and equipment  5  -  (1)  Changes in fair value of investment properties  17  (1,242)  (1,170)  Changes in fair value of investment securities  3,374  (2,332)  Changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments  (180)  (882)  Allowance for expected credit losses  5  319  384  Reversal of provision for indemnity  5 &amp; 21  (3,000)  -  Operating cash flows before changes in working capital  (1,534)  665  Changes in working capital:  Decrease in development properties  10,390  12,785  Decrease in investment securities  2,226  1,837  Decrease/(increase) in receivables  1,706  (65)  Decrease in payables  (9,378)  (10,362)  Cash flows from operations  3,410  4,860  Interest received  752  890  Dividends received from investment securities  307  421  Tax paid  (137)  (237)  Net cash flows generated from operating activities  4,332  5,934   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Investing activities  Purchase of plant and equipment  15  (65)  (18)  Proceeds from disposal of plant and equipment  -  1  Purchase of financial assets, at FVOCI  (20)  (5)  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets, at FVOCI  666  1,478  Dividends received from financial assets, at FVOCI  2  3  Dividends received from associates  2,236  2,595  Increase in property development loans to associates  (2,376)  (14,456)  Increase in property development loans to joint ventures  (25,360)  (19,359)  Repayment of property development loan by an associate  16,376  4,784  Repayment of property development loan by a joint venture  -  1,243  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (8,541)  (23,734)  Financing activities  Dividends paid to equity holders of the Company  9  (13,600)  (6,758)  Net cash flows used in financing activities  (13,600)  (6,758)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (17,809)  (24,558)  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (2,402)  5,310  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  90,109  109,357  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  14  69,898  90,109   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 1. CORPORATE INFORMATION

Chuan Hup Holdings Limited (the 'Company') is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in Singapore. The registered office and principal place of business of the Company is located at 8 Eu Tong Sen Street, #24-90 The Central, Singapore 059818. The Company is listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

The principal activities of the Company are that of investment holding, investment trading and provision of management services. The principal activities of its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are set out in Notes 12 and 18 to the financial statements.

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 2.1 Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the balance sheet of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)').

The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

The financial statements are presented in United States dollars ('USD' or 'US$') and all values in the tables are rounded to the nearest thousand (US$'000), except when otherwise indicated.

## 2.2 Changes in accounting policies

The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year except in the current financial year, the Group has adopted all the new and revised standards which are effective for annual financial periods beginning on or after 1 July 2021. The adoption of these standards did not have any material effect on the consolidated financial performance or position of the Group.

## 2.3 Standards issued but not yet effective

The Group has not adopted the following standards applicable to the Group that have been issued but not yet effective:

| Description  Effective for  annual periods  beginning on or after  Amendments to SFRS(I) 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  1 January 2022  Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s 2018-2020  1 January 2022  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-37:  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfiling a Contract  1 January 2022  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I  ) Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting  Policies  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8  Definition of Accounting Estimates  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12  Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a  Single Transaction  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-10 and SFRS(I) 1-28:  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an  Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  To be determined   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.3 Standards issued but not yet effective (continued)

The directors expect that the adoption of the standards above will have no material impact on the financial statements in the year of initial application.

## 2.4 Basis of consolidation and business combinations

## (a) Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at the end of the reporting period. The financial statements of the subsidiaries used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prepared for the same reporting date as the Company. Consistent accounting policies are applied to like transactions and events in similar circumstances.

All  intra-group  balances,  income  and  expenses  and  unrealised  gains  and  losses  resulting  from  intra-group transactions and dividends are eliminated in full.

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Losses within a subsidiary are attributed to the non-controlling interest even if that results in a deficit balance.

A  change  in  the  ownership  interest  of  a  subsidiary,  without  a  loss  of  control,  is  accounted  for  as  an  equity transaction. If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it:

- -derecognises the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary at their carrying amounts at the date when control is lost;
- -derecognises the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest;
- -derecognises the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity;
- -recognises the fair value of the consideration received;
- -recognises the fair value of any investment retained;
- -recognises any surplus or deficit in profit or loss;
- -re-classifies the Group's share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income to profit or loss or retained earnings, as appropriate.

## (b) Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration which is deemed to be an asset or liability, will be recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.4 Basis of consolidation and business combinations (continued)

## (b) Business combinations and goodwill (continued)

Non-controlling  interest  in  the  acquiree,  that  are  present  ownership  interests  and  entitle  their  holders  to  a proportionate share of net assets of the acquiree are recognised on the acquisition date at either fair value, or the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets.

Any excess of the sum of fair value of the consideration transferred in the business combination, the amount of non-controlling interest in the acquiree (if any), and the fair value of the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), over the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. In instances where the latter amount exceeds the former, the excess is recognised as gain on bargain purchase in profit or loss on the acquisition date.

Goodwill  is  initially  measured  at  cost.  Following  initial  recognition,  goodwill  is  measured  at  cost  less  any accumulated impairment losses.

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  acquired  in  a  business  combination  is,  from  the  acquisition date,  allocated  to  the  Group's  cash-generating  units  that  are  expected  to  benefit  from  the  synergies  of  the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

The  cash-generating  units  to  which  goodwill  have  been  allocated  is  tested  for  impairment  annually  and whenever there is an indication that the cash-generating unit may be impaired. Impairment is determined for goodwill  by  assessing  the  recoverable  amount  of  each  cash-generating  unit  (or  group  of  cash-generating units) to which the goodwill relates.

## 2.5 Transactions with non-controlling interests

Non-controlling interests represent the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to equity holders of the Company.

Changes in the Company's ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. In such circumstances, the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to equity holders of the Company.

## 2.6 Foreign currency

The financial statements are presented in USD, which is also the Company's functional currency. Each entity in the Group  determines  its  own  functional  currency  and  items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  entity  are measured using that functional currency.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.6 Foreign currency (continued)

## (a) Transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are measured in the respective functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries and are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currencies at exchange rates approximating those  ruling  at  the  transaction  dates.  Monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are translated  at  the  rate  of  exchange  ruling  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Non-monetary  items  that  are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.

Exchange differences on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at the end of the reporting period are recognised in profit or loss. Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the Group's net investment in foreign operations are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and accumulated under currency translation reserve in equity. The currency translation reserve is reclassified from equity to profit or loss of the Group on disposal of the foreign operation.

## (b) Consolidated financial statements

For consolidation purpose, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into USD at the rate of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period and their profit or loss are translated at the exchange rates prevailing at the date of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on the translation are recognised in other comprehensive income. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.7 Plant and equipment

All  items  of  plant  and  equipment are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent to recognition, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.

Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

| Leasehold improvements -  Over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset and the lease term  Furniture, fittings, plant and equipment - Motor vehicles -  3 to 10 years  5 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying values of plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.

The residual value, estimated useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each financial year end, and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.7 Plant and equipment (continued)

An item of plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on derecognition of the asset is included in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised.

## 2.8 Investment properties

Investment properties are properties that are either owned by the Group or leased under a finance lease that are held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation, or both, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or  for  administrative  purposes,  or  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business.  Investment  properties  comprise  completed investment properties and properties that are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties. Properties held under operating leases are classified as investment properties when the definition of an investment property is met.

Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including transaction costs.

Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  investment  properties  are  measured  at  fair  value.  Gains  or  losses  arising  from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or loss in the year of retirement or disposal.

## 2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets

The  Group  assesses  at  each  reporting  date  whether  there  is  an  indication  that  an  asset  may  be  impaired.  If  any indication exists, or when an annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group makes an estimate of the asset's recoverable amount.

An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's or cash-generating unit's fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are  largely  independent  of  those  from  other  assets  or  group  of  assets.  Where  the  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  or cash-generating  unit  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount,  the  asset  is  considered  impaired  and  is  written  down  to  its recoverable amount.

Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss, except for assets that are previously revalued where the revaluation was taken to other comprehensive income. In this case, the impairment is also recognised in other comprehensive income up to the amount of any previous revaluation.

A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case, the carrying amount of  the  asset  is  increased  to  its  recoverable  amount.  That  increase  cannot  exceed  the  carrying  amount  that  would have  been  determined,  net  of  depreciation,  had  no  impairment  loss  been  recognised  previously.  Such  reversal  is recognised in profit or loss unless the asset is measured at revalued amount, in which case the reversal is treated as a revaluation increase. Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.10 Subsidiaries

A subsidiary is an investee that is controlled by the Group. The Group controls an investee when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee.

In the Company's balance sheet, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

## 2.11 Associates and Joint Ventures

An  associate  is  an  entity  over  which  the  Group  has  the  power  to  participate  in  the  financial  and  operating  policy decisions of the investee but does not have control or joint control of those policies.

The Group accounts for its investments in associates and joint ventures using the equity method from the date on which it becomes an associate or joint venture.

On acquisition of the investment, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share of the net fair value of the investee's identifiable assets and liabilities represents goodwill and is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group's share of the net fair value of the investee's identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment is included as income in the determination of the entity's share of the associate's profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

Under  the  equity  method,  the  investment  in  associates  or  joint  ventures  are  carried  in  the  balance  sheet  at  cost plus  post-acquisition  changes  in  the  Group's  share  of  net  assets  of  the  associates  or  joint  ventures.  The  profit  or loss  reflects  the  share  of  results  of  the  operations  of  the  associates  or  joint  ventures.  Distributions  received  from associates or joint ventures reduce the carrying amount of the investment. Where there has been a change recognised in other comprehensive income by the associates or joint ventures, the Group recognises its share of such changes in other comprehensive income. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate or joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associates or joint ventures.

When the Group's share of losses in an associate or joint venture equals or exceeds its interest in the associate or joint venture, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

After  application  of  the  equity  method,  the  Group  determines  whether  it  is  necessary  to  recognise  an  additional impairment loss on the Group's investment in associate or joint venture. The Group determines at the end of each reporting  period  whether  there  is  any  objective  evidence  that  the  investment  in  the  associate  or  joint  venture  is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate or joint venture and its carrying value and recognises the amount in profit or loss.

The  financial  statements  of  the  associates  or  joint  ventures  are  prepared  as  of  the  same  reporting  date  as  the Company. Where necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.12 Joint arrangements

A  joint  arrangement  is  a  contractual  arrangement  whereby  two  or  more  parties  have  joint  control.  Joint  control  is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

A joint arrangement is classified either as joint operation or joint venture, based on the rights and obligations of the parties to the arrangement.

To  the  extent  the  joint  arrangement  provides  the  Group  with  rights  to  the  assets  and  obligations  for  the  liabilities relating  to  the  arrangement,  the  arrangement is a joint operation. T o the extent the joint arrangement provides the Group with rights to the net assets of the arrangement, the arrangement is a joint venture.

## (a) Joint operations

The Group recognises in relation to its interest in a joint operation,

- (i) its assets, including its share of any assets held jointly;
- (ii) its liabilities, including its share of any liabilities incurred jointly;
- (iii) its revenue from the sale of its share of the output arising from the joint operation;
- (iv) its share of the revenue from the sale of the output by the joint operation; and
- (v) its expenses, including its share of any expenses incurred jointly.

The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation in accordance with the accounting policies applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.

## (b) Joint ventures

The Group recognises its interest in a joint venture as an investment and accounts for the investment using the equity method. The accounting policy for investment in joint venture is set out in Note 2.11.

## 2.13 Financial instruments

## (a) Financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are recognised when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.

At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

Trade receivables are measured at the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third party, if the trade receivables do not contain a significant financing component at initial recognition.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.13 Financial instruments (continued)

## (a) Financial assets (continued)

## Initial recognition and measurement (continued)

In  order  for  a  financial  asset  to  be  classified  and  measured  at  amortised  cost  or  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income (FVOCI), it needs to give rise to cash flows that are 'solely payments of principal and interest  (SPPI)'  on  the  principal  amount  outstanding.  This  assessment  is  referred  to  as  the  SPPI  test  and  is performed at an instrument level. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

The  Group's  business  model  for  managing  financial  assets  refers  to  how  it  manages  its  financial  assets  in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual  cash  flows,  selling  the  financial  assets,  or  both.  Financial  assets  classified  and  measured  at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual  cash  flows  while  financial  assets  classified  and  measured  at  FVOCI  are  held  within  a  business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling.

Purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  that  require  delivery  of  assets  within  a  time  frame  established  by regulation  or  convention  in  the  market  place  (regular  way  trades)  are  recognised  on  the  trade  date,  i.e.,  the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

## Subsequent measurement

For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified in three categories:

- -Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
- -Financial  assets  designated  at  FVOCI  with  no  recycling  of  cumulative  gains  and  losses  upon derecognition (equity instruments)
- -Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

## Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest (EIR) method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.

The Group's financial assets at amortised cost includes trade and other receivables, and loans receivable from an associate and loans receivable from joint ventures included under other non-current financial assets.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.13 Financial instruments (continued)

## (a) Financial assets (continued)

## Subsequent measurement (continued)

## Financial assets at FVOCI (equity instruments)

Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments designated at FVOCI when they meet the definition of equity under SFRS(I) 1-32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument by instrument basis.

Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to profit or loss. Dividends are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income when the right of payment has been established, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in OCI. Equity instruments designated at FVOCl are not subject to impairment  assessment.

The Group elected to classify irrevocably its non-listed equity investments under this category.

## Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the balance sheet at fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.

This category includes derivative instruments and listed equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected  to  classify  at  FVOCI.  Dividends  on  listed  equity  investments  are  recognised  in  the  statement  of comprehensive income when the right of payment has been established.

## Derecognition

A financial asset is derecognised where the contractual right to receive cash flows from the asset has expired. On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in other comprehensive income is recognised in profit or loss if there was no election made to recognise fair value changes in other comprehensive income. If there was an election made, any difference between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received would be recognised in other comprehensive income and transferred to accumulated profits along with the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that asset.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.13 Financial instruments (continued)

## (b) Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial  liabilities  are  recognised  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual provisions  of  the  financial  instruments.  The  Group  determines  the  classification  of  its  financial  liabilities  at initial recognition.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus in the case of financial liabilities not at fair value through profit or loss, directly attributable transaction costs.

## Subsequent measurement

After initial recognition, financial liabilities that are not carried at fair value through profit or loss are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised, and through the amortisation process.

## Derecognition

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. On derecognition, the difference between the carrying amounts and the consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.14 Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss and financial guarantee contracts. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at  an  approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12-months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is recognised for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

For trade receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are past due. However, in certain cases, the  Group  may  also  consider  a  financial  asset  to  be  in  default  when  internal  or  external  information  indicates  that the  Group  is  unlikely  to  receive  the  outstanding  contractual  amounts  in  full  before  taking  into  account  any  credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.15 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and demand deposits that are readily convertible to known amount of  cash  and  which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. The Group also recognised investments in  money  market  funds  under  cash  equivalents,  due  to  their  first-class  credit  rating  and  investment  in  extremely short-term money market securities, undergo only minor value fluctuations and can be readily converted into known amounts of cash.

## 2.16 Development properties

Development properties are properties  acquired  or  being  constructed  for  sale  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business, rather than to be held for the Group's own use, rental or capital appreciation.

Development properties are held as inventories and are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

Non-refundable commissions paid to sales or marketing agents on the sale of real estate units are expensed when incurred.

Net realisable value of development properties is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, based on market prices at the reporting date and discounted for the time value of money if material, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

The costs of development properties recognised in profit or loss on disposal are determined with reference to the specific costs incurred on the property sold and an allocation of any non-specific costs based on the relative size of the property sold.

## 2.17 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate. If it is no longer probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation, the provision is reversed. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.

## 2.18 Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are capitalised as part of the cost of a qualifying asset if they are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of that asset. Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when the activities to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress and the expenditures and borrowing costs are incurred. Borrowing costs are capitalised until the assets are substantially completed for their intended uses or sales. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.19 Employee benefits

## (a) Defined contribution plans

The Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the countries in which it has operations. In particular, the Singapore companies in the Group make contributions to the Central Provident Fund  scheme  in  Singapore,  a  defined  contribution  pension  scheme.  Contributions  to  defined  contribution pension schemes are recognised as an expense in the period in which the related service is performed.

## (b) Employee leave entitlement

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised as a liability when they are accrued to employees. The estimated  liability  for  annual  leave  is  recognised  for  services  rendered  by  employees  up  to  the  end  of  the reporting period.

## 2.20 Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## (a) As lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of  low-value  assets.  The  Group  recognises  lease  liabilities  representing  the  obligations  to  make lease payments and right-of  use assets representing the right to use the underlying leased assets.

## Right-of-use assets

The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e. the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment  losses,  and  adjusted  for  any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities.  The  cost  of  right-of-use  assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets.

If  ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset. The rightof-use assets are also subject to impairment. The accounting policy for impairment is disclosed in Note 2.9.

The Group's right-of-use assets are presented separately on the balance sheet (Note 16).

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.20 Leases (continued)

## (a) As lessee (continued)

## Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including insubstance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees.

The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate.

Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In  calculating  the  present  value  of  lease  payments,  the  Group  uses  its  incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the lease  commencement date because the interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease  is  not  readily  determinable.  After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced  for  the  lease  payments  made.  In  addition,  the  carrying  amount  of  lease  liabilities  is  remeasured  if there  is  a  modification,  a  change  in  the  lease  term,  a  change  in  the  lease  payments  (e.g.  changes  to  future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term lease of an office premises (i.e. the lease has a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of office equipment that are  considered  to  be  low  value.  Lease  payments  on  short-term  leases  and  leases  of  low  value  assets  are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## (b) As lessor

Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the assets are classified as operating leases. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. The accounting policy for rental income is set out in Note 2.21.

## 2.21 Revenue

Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.21 Revenue (continued)

Revenue is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to the customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the good or service. A performance obligation may be satisfied at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation.

## Sale of development properties

The  Group  develops  and  sells  residential  and  commercial  properties  before  completion  of  construction  of  the properties.

Revenue is recognised when control over the property is transferred and the amount of revenue is measured based on the contracted amount, either over time or at a point in time, depending on the contractual terms and the practices in the legal jurisdictions.

## Rental income

Rental income arising from operating leases on investment properties is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. The aggregate costs of incentives provided to lessees are recognised as a reduction of rental income over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

## Dividend income

Dividend income from investments is recognised when the Group's right to receive payment is established.

## Interest income

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method.

## Gain from disposal of investment securities and derivative financial instruments

Gain from disposal of investment securities and derivative financial instruments are recognised upon conclusion of the contract for sale.

## 2.22 Taxes

## (a) Current income tax

Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to  be  recovered  from  or  paid  to  the  taxation  authorities.  The  tax  rates  and  tax  laws  used  to  compute  the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income.

Current income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to items recognised outside  profit  or  loss,  either  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity.  Management  periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.22 Taxes (continued)

## (b) Deferred tax

Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the end of the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences, except:

- -where the deferred  tax  liability  arises  from  the  initial  recognition  of  goodwill  or  of  an  asset  or liability  in  a  transaction  that  is  not  a  business  combination  and,  at  the  time  of  the  transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- -in  respect  of  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries  and associates, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised except:

- -where  the  deferred  tax  asset  relating  to  the  deductible  temporary  difference  arises  from  the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- -in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates,  deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  only  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled,  based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period.

Deferred  tax  relating  to  items  recognised  outside  profit  or  loss  is  recognised  outside  profit  or loss.  Deferred  tax  items  are  recognised  in  correlation  to  the  underlying  transaction  either  in  other comprehensive income or directly in  equity  and  deferred  tax  arising  from  a  business  combination  is adjusted against goodwill on acquisition.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.22 Taxes (continued)

## (c) Goods and Services Tax ('GST')

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST except:

- -Where  the  GST  incurred  on  a  purchase  of  assets  or  services  is  not  recoverable  from  the  taxation authority, in which case the GST is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
- -Receivables and payables that are stated with the amount of GST included.

The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the balance sheet.

## 2.23 Share capital and share issuance expenses

Proceeds  from  issuance  of  ordinary  shares  are  recognised  as  share  capital  in  equity.  Incremental  costs  directly attributable to the issuance of ordinary shares are deducted against share capital.

## 2.24 Treasury shares

The Group's own equity instruments that are reacquired (treasury shares) are recognised at cost (historical rate) and deducted from equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group's own equity instruments. Any difference between the carrying amount and the consideration, if reissued, is recognised in equity. Voting rights related to treasury shares are nullified for the Group and no dividends are allocated to them respectively.

## 2.25 Contingencies

A contingent liability is:

- (a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group; or
- (b) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:
- (i) It is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or
- (ii) The amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group.

Contingent liabilities and assets are not recognised on the balance sheets of the Group, except for contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination that are present obligations and which the fair value can be reliably determined.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## 2.26 Government grants

Government grant shall be recognised in profit  or  loss  on  a  systematic  basis  over  the  periods  in  which  the  entity recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Grants related to income is presented as a credit in profit or loss under 'Other income'.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES

The preparation of the Group's consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the end of each reporting period. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in the future periods.

## 3.1 Judgments made in applying accounting policies

In  the  process  of  applying  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  management has made the following judgments which have most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:

## (a) Determination of functional currency

The Group measures foreign currency transactions in the respective functional currencies of the Company and its  subsidiaries. In determining the functional currencies of the entities in the Group, judgment is required to determine the currency that mainly influences sales prices for goods and services and of the country whose competitive forces and regulations mainly determines the sales prices of its goods and services. The functional currencies of the entities in the Group are determined based on management's assessment of the economic environment in which the entities operate and the entities' process of determining sales prices.

## (b) Impairment on financial assets

During the financial year ended 30 June 2020, the Group recognised full impairment loss of US$8,832,000 on the loan receivable from Major Star Holdings Limited ('MSH'). The loan was secured by the personal guarantee of  the  sole,  individual  shareholder  of  MSH  who  had  substantial  shareholding  in  a  listed  company.  The  total outstanding loan receivable from MSH before impairment was US$8,832,000.

MSH  defaulted  on  the  interest  payment  and  principal  repayment  on  the  due  date.  Upon  MSH's  default  of the loan, the Group served a statutory demand on the guarantor to repay the loan and, having not received payment, subsequently filed a bankruptcy petition against the guarantor of the loan. On 19 March 2020, as the debt remained unpaid, the High Court made a bankruptcy order against the guarantor and also appointed a trustee of the guarantor's estate. The trustee confirmed to the Group's lawyers that he was unable to contact the guarantor.

Management is of the view that there is no reasonable expectation of any recovery from this loan receivable and recognised full  impairment  loss  on  the  loan  receivable  from  MSH  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  June 2020.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)

## 3.1 Judgments made in applying accounting policies (contined)

## (c) Impairment of investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

The Group and Company carries significant investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures at the end of the reporting period. Management exercises significant judgment in determining whether there is any indication that the non-financial assets may have been impaired or an impairment loss recognised on the nonfinancial assets in prior periods may no longer exist or may have decreased.

This exercise requires management to consider both internal and external sources of information. The indicators of impairment in the above-mentioned investments include but are not limited to significant adverse changes on the entities during the financial period; significant increase in market interest rates; significant surplus of the carrying amount of the net assets of the entities over their market capitalisation and a worse than expected economic performance of the investments. In contrast, the indicators of a reversal of impairment include but are not limited to significant favourable changes on the entities during the financial period; significant decrease in market interest rates and a better than expected economic performance of the investments.

The carrying amounts of the investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are disclosed in Notes 12 and 18 to the financial statements.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period  are  discussed  below.  The  Group  based  its  assumptions  and  estimates  on  parameters  available  when  the financial statements were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

## (a) Fair value measurement of investment properties

The Group carries its investment properties at fair value, with changes in fair values being recognised in profit or  loss.  The  Group  engaged  an  independent  valuation  specialist  to  determine  the  fair  value  as  at  30  June 2022. The valuation  technique  adopted  was  the  Direct  Comparison  Method.  This  involves  analysing  recent sales evidence of similar properties and comparable developments with adjustments made for differences in location, tenure, size, shape, design and layout, age and condition of buildings, availability of facilities, dates of transactions and the prevailing market conditions.

The  carrying  amount  of  the  Group's  investment  properties  at  30  June  2022  was  US$52,631,000  (2021: US$53,196,000).

## (b) Carrying value of development properties

The  Group  carries  its  development  properties  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Management exercised  judgment  in  their  assessment  as  to  the  need  to  write  down  the  development  properties  so  that they are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

These judgments include the estimation of the expected selling prices of development properties taking into account  current  and  expected  market  demand  for  such  properties.  Management  have  checked  the  selling prices of units sold during the year to assess the margins achieved.

The  carrying  amount  of  the  Group's  development  properties  at  30  June  2022  was  US$571,000  (2021: US$11,343,000).

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

## (c) Impairment of interests in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

Impairment of investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

For the investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures with indicators of impairment, management determines the recoverable amount of the investments based on the adjusted net assets approach. The key assumptions applied in the determination of the adjusted net assets include the market value of key underlying assets of the investee companies.

The carrying amount of the Group's and Company's investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures recognised at the end of the reporting period is disclosed in Notes 12 and 18 to the financial statements.

Provision for expected credit losses on loans receivable from associates and joint ventures

Management calculates the expected credit losses on loans receivable from associates and joint ventures using historical  observed  default  rates,  adjusted  for  forward-looking  information.  The  forward-looking  adjustment applied is based on forecast economic conditions, which involves significant judgment.

The carrying amount of the loans receivable from associates and joint venture was US$Nil (2021: US$14,408,000) and US$44,655,000 (2021: US$22,489,000) respectively as at the end of the reporting period. An allowance for expected credit loss on these loans receivable of US$319,000 (2021: US$384,000) was recognised during the financial year.

## (d) Recognition of deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will  be  available  against  which  the  losses  can  be  utilised.  Significant  management  judgement  is  required  to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together with future tax planning strategies.

The Group has US$2,450,000 (2021: US$4,082,000) of tax losses carried forward. These tax losses originated from the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company and the subsidiaries neither have any taxable temporary difference nor any tax planning opportunities available that could partly support the recognition of these losses as deferred tax assets. On this basis, the Group has determined that it cannot recognise deferred tax assets on the tax losses carried forward.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 4. Revenue

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Sale of development properties  11,689  14,333  Rental income from investment properties  1,253  1,385  Dividend income from:  - Financial assets at FVOCI  2  3  - Investment securities at FVPL  305  421  Interest income from:  - Cash deposits at amortised cost  250  172  - Financial assets at FVOCI  -  3  - Loan receivables from associates and joint ventures at amortised cost  525  681  Gain on disposal of investment securities and derivative financial instruments at  FVPL  1,707  2,584  15,731  19,582  Revenue from sale of development properties is analysed as follows:  Primary geographical market  Australia  11,689  14,333  Timing of transfer of goods  At a point in time  11,689  14,333   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Other gains, net

The following items were (charged)/credited to profit or loss:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Allowance for expected credit losses  (319)  (384)  Gain on disposal of plant and equipment  -  1  Foreign exchange (loss)/gain, net  (2,391)  6,614  Other income  114  516  Reversal of provision for indemnity (Note 21)  3,000  -  404  6,747   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 6. Profit before tax

Profit before tax included the following items:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Audit fees:  - Auditor of the Company  101  103  - Other auditors  25  20  Non-audit fees:  - Auditor of the Company  12  14  - Other auditors  7  14  Employee benefits expense (including directors' remuneration):  - Salaries, allowances and short-term benefits  2,614  3,092  - Defined contribution plan  156  117  Lease expenses on low-value assets and short-term leases (Note 16)  44  44   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Tax expense

## Major components of tax expense

The major components of tax expense for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 are:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Current tax:  Current year  41  204  Over provision in prior years  (20)  (56)  21  148  Deferred tax (Note 23):  Origination and reversal of temporary differences  31  (183)  Withholding tax  228  276  Tax expense recognised in profit or loss  280  241   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 7. Tax expense (continued)

## Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit

A reconciliation between tax expense and the product of accounting profit multiplied by the applicable corporate tax rate for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Profit before tax  2,260  13,532  Less: Share of results of associates *  (4,445)  (2,184)  (2,185)  11,348  Tax at domestic rates applicable to individual group entities  (560)  2,192  Adjustments:  Non-deductible expenses  1,233  307  Income not subject to tax  (843)  (1,875)  Benefits from previously unrecognised tax losses  -  (622)  Effect of partial tax exemption and tax relief  (30)  (50)  Deferred tax assets not recognised  268  69  Over provision in prior years  (20)  (56)  Withholding tax on foreign income  228  276  Others  4  -  Income tax expense recognised in profit or loss  280  241   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These are presented net of tax in profit or loss.

Subject to agreement by the relevant tax authorities, the Group has unutilised tax losses and donations estimated as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Unutilised tax losses  2,450  4,082  Deferred tax asset not recognised  417  694   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These future income tax benefits are available for offset against future taxable income of the companies in which the tax benefits arose, subject to the conditions for deductibility imposed by the tax legislation of their respective countries of incorporation, including the retention of majority shareholders as defined are complied with. Deferred tax asset is not recognised due to uncertainty of its realisation. The tax losses have no expiry date.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 8. Earnings per share

The basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated by dividing earnings, net of tax, attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the financial year.

The following table reflects the profit and share data used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended 30 June:

| Group  2022  2021  Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (US$'000)  1,980  13,291  Number of shares ('000):  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  925,281  925,281  Earnings per share (US cents)  0.21  1.44   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Basic earnings per share is the same as diluted earnings per share as the Group does not have any potential dilutive ordinary shares outstanding.

## 9. Dividends

| Group and Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Cash dividends on ordinary shares declared and paid:  Final tax-exempt (one-tier) for 2021: 1 SG cent per share  6,800  -  Final special tax-exempt (one-tier) for 2021: 1 SG cent per share  6,800  -  Final special tax-exempt (one-tier) for 2020: 1 SG cents per share  -  6,758  13,600  6,758  Proposed but not recognised as a liability as at 30 June:  Cash dividends on ordinary shares, subject to shareholders'  approval at the  Annual General Meeting:  Final tax-exempt (one-tier) for 2022: 1 SG cent per share (2021: 1 SG cent per  share)  6,653  6,884  Special tax-exempt (one-tier) for 2021: 1 SG cent per share  -  6,884  6,653  13,768   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 10. Development properties

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Completed properties  571  11,343   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the Group's development properties as at 30 June 2022 are as follows:

| Description of  properties  Tenure of  land  Stage of  completion  (expected year of  completion)  Site area/  gross floor  area (square  metres)  Effective interest  in properties  %  One Kennedy  A 3-storey residential development  comprising 120 apartments and  3 commercial units on Kennedy  Street, Maylands, Western  Australia (2022: 2 units; 2021: 38  units)  Freehold  Completed in  FY2020  8,966/8,567  100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 11. Trade and other receivables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Trade receivables - associate  768  2,788  -  -  Loan receivable  8,832  8,832  -  -  GST recoverable  28  155  -  7  Deposits  8  8  6  6  Prepayments  3  16  3  16  Others  79  69  19  1  Less: Allowance for impairment losses on loan  receivable  (8,832)  (8,832)  -  -  Total trade and other receivables  886  3,036  28  30  Add:  -  Cash and cash equivalents (Note 14)  69,898  90,109  21,828  17,235  -  Amounts due from subsidiaries (Note  12.1)  -  -  58,227  68,198  -  Loans receivable from associates (non-  current) (Note 18.1)  -  14,408  -  -  -  Loans receivable from joint ventures  (non-current) (Note 18.2)  44,655  22,489  -  -  Less:  -  GST recoverable  (28)  (155)  -  (7)  -  Prepayments  (3)  (16)  (3)  (16)  Total financial assets at amortised cost  115,408  129,871  80,080  85,440   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Trade receivables

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and credit terms generally range from 30 to 60 days. They are recognised at their original invoice amounts which represent their fair values on initial recognition.

## Loan receivable (current)

Loan receivable was non-trade related, interest bearing at 5% per annum and was to be settled in cash. The loan was fully impaired as at 30 June 2020.

## Receivables that are past due but not impaired

There were no trade receivables that are past due but not impaired at the end of the reporting period.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 11. Trade and other receivables (continued)

## Expected credit losses

There was no movement in the allowance for expected credit losses during the year as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Loan receivable  At beginning and end of financial year  8,832  8,832   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. Amounts due from subsidiaries/ interests in subsidiaries

## 12.1 Amounts due from subsidiaries (current)

| Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Amounts due from subsidiaries  95,173  104,592  Allowance for impairment  (36,946)  (36,394)  58,227  68,198   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts due from subsidiaries are non-trade in nature, unsecured, non-interest bearing repayable on demand and are to be settled in cash.

During the financial year, the Company recognised an impairment loss of US$552,000 (2021: US$58,000) in relation to an expected uncollectible amount due from a subsidiary.

## 12.2 Interests in subsidiaries (non-current)

| Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Shares, at cost  88,376  88,376  Impairment losses  (2,528)  (6,990)  85,848  81,386   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 12. Amounts due from subsidiaries/ interests in subsidiaries (continued)

## 12.2 Interests in subsidiaries (non-current) (continued)

Movement in allowance accounts

| Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  At beginning of the year  (6,990)  (6,990)  Write back of allowances  4,462  -  At end of the year  (2,528)  (6,990)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, the Company had written back impairment losses of US$4,462,000 (2021: US$Nil) previously provided on its interests in a subsidiary to its recoverable amount of US$20,066,000 (2021: US$15,604,000) due to improvement in the recoverable amount of the underlying investment property held through the subsidiary's interest in an associate. The recoverable amount is determined based on the revalued net assets of the subsidiary as at the end of the reporting period which are classified under level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The key inputs used in determining the revalued net assets includes recent market comparable.

## Composition of the Group

The Group has the following investments in subsidiaries:

| Proportion of  ownership interest  held by the Group  Name  Country of  incorporation  Principal activities  2022  2021  %  %  Held by the Company:  Beauford Investments Pte. Ltd. (1)  Singapore  Investment trading  100  100  ProVest Global Pte. Ltd. (1)  Singapore  Investment holding  100  100  ProVest Holdings Pte. Ltd. (1)  Singapore  Property investment  100  100  ProVest Realty Pte. Ltd. (1)  Singapore  Property investment  100  100  CH Biovest Pte. Limited (1)  Singapore  Investment holding and trading  100  100  Ventrade (Asia) Pte. Ltd. (1)  Singapore  Investment holding and trading  100  100  Ventrade SG Pte. Ltd. (1 &amp; 4)  Singapore  Property development  100  -  Held through subsidiaries:  Held by Ventrade (Asia) Pte. Ltd.  Ventrade Australia Pty Ltd (2)  Australia  Property development  100  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 12. Amounts due from subsidiaries/ interests in subsidiaries (continued)

## 12.2 Interests in subsidiaries (non-current) (continued)

## Composition of the Group (continued)

The Group has the following investments in subsidiaries: (continued)

| Proportion of  ownership interest  held by the Group  Name  Country of  incorporation  Principal activities  2022  2021  %  %  Held by Ventrade Australia  Pty Ltd  Ventrade Maylands Pty Ltd (3)  Australia  Property development  100  100  Held by Ventrade SG Pte. Ltd.  Ventrade SG1 Pte. Ltd. (5)  Singapore  Property development  100  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by Ernst &amp; Young LLP, Singapore.

(2) Audited by KPMG, Perth, Australia.

(3) Audited by KPMG, Perth, Australia for the purpose of group consolidation.

(4) Newly incorporated on 28 February 2022.

(5) Newly incorporated on 8 June 2022.

## 13. Investment securities

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Current  At fair value through profit or loss:  Quoted equity securities  11,741  17,341  9,336  15,512  Non-current  At fair value through other comprehensive  income:  Quoted equity securities  347  522  347  522  Unquoted equity securities  16  416  16  10  363  938  363  532   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, the Group received a return on capital amounting to US$666,000 (2021: US$1,231,000), which was in deficit of its initial cost of investment by US$522,000 (2021: in excess of its initial cost of investment by US$460,000). The fair value change for the investment included in FVOCI reserve was subsequent transferred from FVOCI reserve to accumulated profits.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 13. Investment securities (continued)

The Group's investment securities of US$2,405,000 (2021: US$1,830,000) as at 30 June 2022 were charged to a bank as security for investment trading facilities, which were undrawn at the end of the reporting period.

## 14. Cash and cash equivalents

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Cash at banks  9,239  18,625  3,626  8,413  Short-term deposits  58,454  69,278  16,024  6,643  Money market funds  2,205  2,206  2,178  2,179  69,898  90,109  21,828  17,235   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Investments in money market funds of US$2,205,000 (2021: US$2,206,000) and US$2,178,000 (2021: US$2,179,000) are recognised under cash at banks of the Group and the Company respectively as cash equivalents, due to their firstclass rating and investment in extremely short-term money market securities, undergo only minor value fluctuations and can be readily converted into known amounts of cash.

Short-term  deposits  are  placed  for  varying  periods  of  three  months  or  less,  depending  on  the  immediate  cash requirements of the Group and the Company. The weighted average effective interest rates as at 30 June 2022 for the Group and the Company were 1.20% (2021: 0.21%) and 1.53% (2021: 0.13%) per annum, respectively.

The Group's cash and cash equivalents of US$45,165,000 (2021: US$64,728,000) were charged to banks as security for investment trading and short-term borrowing facilities, which were undrawn at the end of the reporting period.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 15. Plant and equipment

| Leasehold  improvements  Furniture,  fittings,  plant and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  Group and Company  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Cost  At 1 July 2020  288  309  606  1,203  Additions  -  18  -  18  Disposals  -  (17)  -  (17)  Write off  -  (1)  -  (1)  At 30 June 2021 and  1 July 2021  288  309  606  1,203  Additions  -  65  -  65  Disposals  -  (4)  -  (4)  At 30 June 2022  288  370  606  1,264  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 July 2020  43  76  147  266  Depreciation for the year  44  56  121  221  Disposals  -  (17)  -  (17)  Write off  -  (1)  -  (1)  At 30 June 2021 and  1 July 2021  87  114  268  469  Depreciation for the year  27  67  122  216  Disposals  -  (4)  -  (4)  At 30 June 2022  114  177  390  681  Net carrying amount  At 30 June 2021  201  195  338  734  At 30 June 2022  174  193  216  583   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 16. Leases

The Company leases its office premises from a wholly-owned subsidiary, ProVest Holdings Pte. Ltd.. The lease includes an extension option, for which has been included in the carrying amount of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities as the Company is reasonably certain to exercise the extension option.

The Company also leases office premises with lease term that ends within 12 months and an office equipment that is considered to be low value. The Company applies the 'short-term lease' and 'lease of low-value assets' recognition exemptions for these leases.

## Right-of-use assets

Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the year:

| Office Premises  2022  2021  Company  US$'000  US$'000  At beginning of the year  1,683  1,907  Depreciation  (224)  (224)  At end of the year  1,459  1,683   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Lease liabilities

Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities (Note 20) and the movements during the year:

| 2022  2021  Company  US$'000  US$'000  At beginning of the year  1,718  1,849  Accretion of interest  42  48  Payments (1)  (250)  (252)  Exchange differences  (53)  73  At end of the year  1,457  1,718  Current (Note 20)  208  210  Non-current (Note 20)  1,249  1,508  At 30 June  1,457  1,718   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Monthly lease rent charged by the subsidiary were offset against the amount due from the subsidiary. There were no cash outflows incurred for the lease.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 16. Leases (continued)

## Amounts recognised in profit or loss

The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Lease expense:  -  Short-term leases (included in other expenses)  40  40  -  Low-value assets (included in other expenses)  4  4  44  44   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Total cash outflows

The Group's total cash outflows for all leases was US$44,000 (2021: US$44,000), comprising lease payments for lowvalue assets and short-term leases.

## 17. Investment properties

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Balance sheet  At beginning of the year  53,196  50,155  Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss  1,242  1,134  Exchange differences  (1,807)  1,907  At end of the year  52,631  53,196  Statement of comprehensive income  Net effect of amortisation and straight lining  (12)  36  Rental income from investment properties:  Minimum lease payments  1,252  1,385  Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance) arising from:  Rental generating properties  437  422   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 17. Investment properties (continued)

## Valuation of investment properties

Investment properties are measured at fair value  which  has  been  determined  based  on valuation  performed  as  at 30  June  2022  and  30  June  2021.  The  valuations  were  performed  by  accredited  independent  valuers  with  recent experience  in  the  location  and  category  of  the  properties  being  valued.  The  valuation  technique  adopted  was  the Direct Comparison Method. This involved the analysis of recent sales evidence of similar properties and comparable developments  with  adjustments  made  for  differences  in  location,  tenure,  size,  shape,  design  and  layout,  age  and condition of buildings, availability of facilities, dates of transactions and the prevailing market conditions.

The Group has no restriction on the realisability of its investment properties.

The investment properties held by the Group as at 30 June 2022 are as follows:

| Description of properties  Existing  use  Tenure  Unexpired  lease term  Area  (square metres)  Office floors 20 th  to 22 nd  located in GB Building,  143 Cecil Street,  Singapore 069542  Offices  Leasehold  59 years  1,492  Office floor 24 th  located in The Central,  8 Eu Tong Sen Street,  Singapore 059818  Offices  Leasehold  77 years  1,239   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 18. Interests in associates and joint ventures

## 18.1 Associates

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Quoted shares, at cost  67,881  67,881  40,740  40,740  Unquoted shares, at cost  20,215  20,215  -  -  Share of post-acquisition reserves  (15,625)  (20,070)  -  -  Provision for impairment  -  -  (6,058)  (6,058)  Dividends received  (14,665)  (12,429)  -  -  Exchange adjustment  (2,755)  2,913  -  -  55,051  58,510  34,682  34,682  Loans receivable from associates (non-  current)  369  14,504  -  -  Less: Allowance for expected credit losses on  loans receivable  (369)  (96)  -  -  -  -  -  14,408  -  -  Total interests in associates  55,051  72,918  34,682  34,682   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Loans receivable from associates (non-current)

The non-current loan receivable of US$547,000 extended to an associate from the previous years was unsecured and for  the  purpose  of  the  Group's  property  development project with the associate. The amount was interest bearing at 6.00% per annum and was repaid in full on 1 November 2021.

A loan facility of US$13,957,000 was granted for a property development project at a line fee of 1.5% per annum and interest bearing at 3.0% per annum. The loan was guaranteed by the associate and secured by a mortgage over the land and improvements on the land. The loan was repaid in full on 6 October 2021.

On 28 January 2022, a loan of US$369,000 was extended to an associate, Pacific Star Development Limited. The loan is non-trade related, interest bearing at 25% per annum, to be settled in cash and is repayable on 5 October 2023. An impairment loss of US$369,000 (2021: US$Nil) was recognised in profit or loss in respect of the outstanding loan receivable.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 18. Interests in associates and joint ventures (continued)

## 18.1 Associates (continued)

## Expected credit losses

The movement in the allowance for expected credit losses is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  At beginning of the year  96  55  Charge for the year  275  38  Exchange adjustment  (2)  3  At end of the year  369  96   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has the following investment in associates:

| Proportion of  ownership interest  held by the Group  Name  Country of  incorporation  Principal activities  2022  2021  %  %  Held by the Company:  Finbar Group Limited (1)  Australia  Property development and  investment  20.5  20.5  Held through subsidiaries:  Held by ProVest Global Pte. Ltd.  Keyland Ayala Properties Inc. (2)  Philippines  Property development and  investment  32.5  32.5  Held by CH Biovest Pte. Limited  Pacific Star Development Limited (3)  Singapore  Property development  35.5  35.5   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by KPMG, Perth, Australia.

(2) Audited by Reyes Tacandong &amp; Co., Philippines.

(3) Audited by Ernst &amp; Young LLP, Singapore.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 18. Interests in associates and joint ventures (continued)

## 18.1 Associates (continued)

The summarised financial information of significant associates based on their financial statements and a reconciliation with the carrying amount of the investments in the consolidated financial statements are as follows:

## Summarised balance sheet

| Finbar Group Limited  Keyland Ayala Properties Inc.  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Current assets  50,387  89,170  9,392  12,385  Non-current assets  188,006  168,993  41,001  45,141  Total assets  238,393  258,163  50,393  57,526  Current liabilities  25,425  19,912  6,397  7,896  Non-current liabilities  45,920  55,857  173  396  Total liabilities  71,345  75,769  6,570  8,292  Net assets  167,048  182,394  43,823  49,234  Proportion of the Group's ownership  20.5%  20.5%  32.5%  32.5%  Group's share of net assets  34,295  37,445  14,251  16,011  Other adjustments  (202)  (192)  6,707 (1)  5,246 (1)  Carrying amount of the investments  34,093  37,253  20,958  21,257  Fair value of investments based on published  price quotation  26,146  35,699  Not  applicable (2)  Not  applicable (2)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  unrecognised  share  of  losses  of  one  of  the  associates  for  the  reporting  period  and  cumulatively  amounts  to US$13,160,000 (2021: US$8,431,000) and US$33,160,000 (2021: US$21,031,000) respectively. The Group does not record any share of loss during the year as this investment was fully impaired since prior year.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 18. Interests in associates and joint ventures (continued)

## 18.1 Associates (continued)

## Summarised statement of comprehensive income

| Finbar Group Limited  Keyland Ayala Properties Inc.  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue  65,788  75,774  3,521  3,420  Profit after tax  7,946  6,575  2,042  2,543  Other comprehensive income  50  12  -  -  Total comprehensive income  7,996  6,587  2,042  2,543  Dividends received from the associates during  the financial year  1,631  1,285  605  1,310   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Other adjustments mainly relate to the fair value uplift of an investment property determined as part of the purchase price allocation performed on 31 December 2021, by an independent professional valuer.

(2) Keyland Ayala Properties Inc. is a non-listed company.

## 18.2 Joint ventures

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Unquoted share, at cost  *  *  -  -  Loans receivable from joint ventures  45,006  22,830  -  -  Less: Allowance for expected credit losses on  loans receivable  (351)  (341)  -  -  44,655  22,489  -  -  Total interests in joint ventures  44,655  22,489  -  -  Total interests in associates and joint ventures  99,706  95,407  34,682  34,682   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Ordinary share at a consideration of A$102 (2021: A$52).

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 18. Interest in associates and joint ventures (continued)

## 18.2 Joint ventures (continued)

## Loans receivable from joint ventures (non-current)

The  non-current  loans  receivable  from  joint  ventures  are  unsecured  and  for  the  purpose  of  the  Group's  property development projects with the joint ventures. The amounts are interest bearing at prevailing market bank bill rate plus a 1.5% margin except for the amounts of US$28,102,000 (2021: US$4,715,000) which are non-interest bearing. The loans receivable from joint ventures are not expected to be repaid within the next 12 months.

## Expected credit losses

The movement in the allowance for expected credit losses is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  At beginning of the year  341  -  Charge for the year  44  346  Exchange adjustment  (34)  (5)  At end of the year  351  341   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has the following investment in joint ventures:

| Proportion of  ownership interest  held by the Group  Name  Country of  incorporation  Principal activities  2022  2021  %  %  Held through subsidiary:  Held by Ventrade Australia Pty Ltd  240 Adelaide Terrace Pty Ltd (1)  Australia  Property development  50  50  Garden Towers East Perth Pty Ltd (f.k.a.  Finbar Sub 107 Pty Ltd) (1)  Australia  Property development  50  50  SG14 Pty Ltd (2)  Australia  Property development  50  50  SG15 Pty Ltd (3)  Australia  Property development  50  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The Group's wholly-owned subsidiary, Ventrade Australia Pty Ltd, formed a 50:50 joint venture company with the Group's associated company, Finbar Group Limited.

(2) The  Group's  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Ventrade  Australia  Pty  Ltd,  formed  a  50:50  joint  venture  company  with BHHP14 Pty Ltd, an associated company of Siera Group Pty Ltd.

- (3) The  Group's  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Ventrade  Australia  Pty  Ltd,  formed  a  50:50  joint  venture  company  with BHHP15 Pty Ltd, an associated company of Siera Group Pty Ltd.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 18. Interests in associates and joint ventures (continued)

## 18.2 Joint ventures (continued)

## Summarised balance sheet

| 240 Adelaide  Terrace Pty Ltd  Garden Towers  East Perth Pty Ltd  SG14 Pty Ltd  SG15 Pty Ltd  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Current assets  1,762  423  832  263  153  153  30  -  Non-current assets  34,434  12,853  13,854  13,151  6,594  281  6,637  -  Total assets  36,196  13,276  14,686  13,414  6,747  434  6,667  -  Current liabilities  98  1,724  528  9  307  3  100  -  Non-current liabilities  36,534  11,869  14,802  13,407  6,478  431  6,581  -  Total liabilities  36,632  13,593  15,330  13,416  6,785  434  6,681  -  Net liabilities  (436)  (317)  (644)  (2)  (38)  -  (14)  -  Proportion of the Group's  ownership  50%  50%  50%  50%  50%  50%  50%  -  Group's share of net  assets  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Carrying amount of the  investment  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 18. Interests in associates and joint ventures (continued)

## 18.2 Joint ventures (continued)

## Summarised statement of comprehensive income

| 240 Adelaide Terrace  Pty Ltd  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue  1  -  Loss after tax  (153)  (313)  Other comprehensive income  -  -  Total comprehensive income  (152)  (313)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Information of the statement of comprehensive income of Garden Tower East Perth Pty Ltd, SG14 Pty Ltd and SG15 Pty Ltd are not material.

## Commitments

As at 30 June 2022, capital commitment of US$4,780,000 (2021: US$12,715,000) was in relation to the Group's share of property development contracted for but not recognised in the financial statements.

## 19. Joint operations

| Effective interest  held by the Group  Country of  operation  Principal activities  2022  2021  Name  %  %  Projects held through subsidiaries:  Project held by Ventrade  Australia Pty Ltd  187 Adelaide Terrace  Australia  Property development  50  50  Project held by Ventrade  Maylands Pty Ltd  241 Railway Parade  Australia  Property development  50  50   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 20. Lease liabilities

| Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Current  Lease liabilities (Note 16)  208  210  Non-current  Lease liabilities (Note 16)  1,249  1,508  Total lease liabilities  1,457  1,718   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. Trade and other payables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Trade and other payables (current)  Trade payables  -  163  -  -  Accrued property development expenditure  and operating expenses  1,734  11,119  1,122  1,950  Deferred income  25  -  -  -  Provision for indemnity (Note 5)  -  3,000  -  3,000  Other payables  175  318  75  86  1,934  14,600  1,197  5,036  Other payables (non-current)  Other payables  309  315  -  -  Total trade and other payables  2,243  14,915  1,197  5,036  Add: Lease liabilities (Note 20)  -  -  1,457  1,718  Add: Amounts due to subsidiaries (Note 22)  -  -  665  17,098  Less: Provision for indemnity, accrued  operating expenses and deferred income  (559)  (3,732)  (111)  (3,119)  Total financial liabilities at amortised cost  1,684  11,183  3,208  20,733   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These amounts are non-interest bearing. Trade payables are normally on credit terms of 30 to 90 days. The Group has financial risk management policies in place to ensure that all payables are settled within the credit time frame.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 21. Trade and other payables (continued)

The following table  shows the movement of provision for indemnity for the financial years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021:

| Group and Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  At beginning of the year  3,000  3,000  Reversal of provision for indemnity  (3,000)  -  At end of the year  -  3,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Provision for indemnity

As  part  of  the  disposal  of  the  Company's  entire  interest  in  a  subsidiary  Company,  PCI  Limited  on  29  April  2019,  the Company agreed to indemnify the purchaser and one of the subsidiaries of the PCI Limited Group for up to US$3,000,000 for  losses  that  may  be  incurred  in  respect  of  certain  claims  that  may  be  commenced  against  PCI  Limited  Group's subsidiary. The foregoing indemnity will cover losses that may be notified to the Company within three years from 29 April 2019.

On 29 April  2022,  upon  expiry  of  the  indemnity,  the  provision  of  US$3,000,000  was  reversed  and  recognised  in  the statement of comprehensive income as 'Other gains, net' (Note 5).

## 22. Amounts due to subsidiaries

The amounts due to subsidiaries are non-trade in nature, unsecured, non-interest bearing, repayable on demand and are to be settled in cash.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 23. Deferred tax

Deferred tax as at 30 June relates to the following:

| Group  Balance sheet  Statement of  comprehensive income  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Deferred tax assets:  Differences in development properties  120  145  13  (223)  Deferred tax liabilities:  Differences in development properties  2  (19)  (21)  (2)  Differences in recognition of rental income  (3)  (13)  (11)  (6)  Unremitted foreign interest income  (123)  (79)  44  54  Difference in recognition of interest income  (10)  (4)  6  (6)  (134)  (115)  Deferred tax expenses/(benefit) (Note 7)  31  (183)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Unrecognised temporary differences relating to investment in subsidiaries

At the end of the reporting period, no deferred tax liability has been recognised for taxes that would be payable on the undistributed earnings of certain of the Group's subsidiaries as the Group has determined that undistributed earnings of its subsidiaries will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.

## 24. Share capital

| Group and Company  2022  2021  No. of  shares  No. of  shares  '000  US$'000  '000  US$'000  Issued and fully paid ordinary shares:  At beginning of the year  925,281  150,450  928,273  150,863  Cancellation of treasury shares  -  -  (2,992)  (413)  At end of the year  925,281  150,450  925,281  150,450   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restrictions. The ordinary shares have no par value.

There was no employee share option granted during the year.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 25. Treasury Shares

| Group and Company  2022  2021  No. of  shares  No. of  shares  '000  US$'000  '000  US$'000  At beginning of the year  -  -  2,992  413  Cancellation during the year  -  -  (2,992)  (413)  At end of the year  -  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Treasury shares relate to ordinary shares of the Company that is held by the Company.

As at 30 June 2021, these treasury shares have been cancelled.

## 26. Reserves

## (a) Currency translation reserve

The  currency  translation  reserve  represents  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the  financial statements of operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the Group's presentation currency.

## (b) FVOCI reserve

FVOCI reserve represents the cumulative fair value changes, net of tax, of FVOCI financial assets until they are disposed  of  or  derecognised.  On  derecognition  of  an  investment  in  equity  investment  which  the  Group  has elected on initial recognition to measure at FVOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in FVOCI reserve was not reclassified to profit or loss but was transferred to accumulated profits.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 27. Related party transactions

- (a) In addition to related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, significant transactions with related parties on terms agreed between the parties are as follows:
- (b) The remuneration of key management personnel are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Transactions with key management personnel and related company:  Consultancy services rendered by a director  120  120  Rental paid to a related company  40  40  Transactions with associates and joint ventures:  Interest income on loans to associates and joint ventures  525  681  Property development expenses  9,041  11,787   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Salaries, allowances and short-term benefits  2,364  2,810  Defined contribution plan  44  41  2,408  2,851   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The remuneration of key management personnel is determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the performance of individuals and market trends.

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities

## (a) Fair value hierarchy

The Group categorises fair value measurements using a fair value hierarchy that is dependent on the valuation inputs used as follows:

- Level 1 -Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date;
- Level 2 -Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 -Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

Fair value measurements that use inputs of different hierarchy levels are categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities (continued)

## (b) Assets and liabilities measured at fair value

The following table shows an analysis of each class of assets and liabilities measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period:

| Quoted prices in  active markets  for identical  instruments  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs other  than quoted  prices  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  Group  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2022  Financial assets  Financial assets at FVPL (Note 13)  Quoted equity securities  11,741  -  -  11,741  Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 13)  Quoted equity securities  347  -  -  347  Unquoted equity securities  -  -  16  16  12,088  -  16  12,104  Non-financial assets  Investment properties (Note 17)  Commercial properties  -  -  52,631  52,631   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities (continued)

## (b) Assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)

| Quoted prices in  active markets  for identical  instruments  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs other  than quoted  prices  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  Group  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2021  Financial assets  Financial assets at FVPL (Note 13)  Quoted equity securities  17,341  -  -  17,341  Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 13)  Quoted equity securities  522  -  -  522  Unquoted equity securities  -  -  416  416  17,863  -  416  18,279  Non-financial assets  Investment properties (Note 17)  Commercial properties  -  -  53,196  53,196  Financial liabilities  Derivative financial instruments  Equity related derivative contracts  -  180  -  180   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities (continued)

## (b) Assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)

| Quoted prices  in active  markets for  identical  instruments  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs other  than quoted  prices  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  Company  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2022  Financial assets  Financial assets at FVPL (Note 13)  Quoted equity securities  9,336  -  -  9,336  Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 13)  Quoted equity securities  347  -  -  347  Unquoted equity securities  -  -  16  16  9,683  -  16  9,699  30 June 2021  Financial assets  Financial assets at FVPL (Note 13)  Quoted equity securities  15,512  -  -  15,512  Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 13)  Quoted equity securities  522  -  -  522  Unquoted equity securities  -  -  10  10  16,034  -  10  16,044  Financial liabilities  Derivative financial instruments  Equity related derivative contracts  -  180  -  180   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There is no transfer between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for the financial years ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities (continued)

## (c) Level 2 fair value measurements

The following is a description of the valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurement for assets and liabilities that are categorised within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy:

Equity related derivative contracts

Equity  related  derivative  contracts  are  over-the-counter  ('OTC')  contracts  which  are  valued  by  financial institutions,  of  which  fair  value  is  determined  based  on  valuation  techniques  using  observable  market parameters as inputs.

## (d) Level 3 fair value measurements

## (i) Information about significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements

Commercial investment properties (Note 17)

The valuation of commercial investment properties are based on comparable market transactions that consider  sales  of  similar  properties  that  have  been  transacted  in  the  open  market  with  adjustments made for differences in location, tenure, size, shape, design and layout, age and condition of buildings, availability of facilities, dates of transactions and the prevailing market conditions.

Investment securities (Note 13)

The fair value of unquoted equity investments at FVOCI was estimated based on adjusted net asset value approach which takes into consideration the fair value of the underlying assets and liabilities of the entities as well as incorporating a discount for lack of control.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities (continued)

## (d) Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)

## (i) Information  about  significant  unobservable  inputs  used  in  Level  3  fair  value  measurements (continued)

The following table shows the information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):

| Description  Fair value as at  30 June 2022  US$'000  Valuation  technique  Unobservable  inputs  Range of  unobservable  inputs  Recurring fair value  measurements  Group  Investment properties  52,631  Direct  comparison  method  Yield adjustments  made for any  difference in the  nature, location or  condition of the  specific property  -3.50% to 11.50%  At FVOCI  Unquoted equity  securities  16  Adjusted net  asset value  Fair value is  determined by  reference to the  comparable market  data on the key  underlying assets of  the investee company  Not applicable  Company  At FVOCI  Unquoted equity  securities  16  Adjusted net  assets value  Fair value is  determined by  reference to the  underlying assets  value of the investee  company  Not applicable   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities (continued)

- (d) Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
- (i) Information  about  significant  unobservable  inputs  used  in  Level  3  fair  value  measurements (continued)

| Description  Fair value as at  30 June 2021  US$'000  Valuation  technique  Unobservable  inputs  Range of  unobservable  inputs  Recurring fair value  measurements  Group  Investment properties  53,196  Direct  comparison  method  Yield adjustments  made for any  difference in the  nature, location or  condition of the  specific property  -40.0% to 2%  At FVOCI  Unquoted equity  securities  416  Adjusted net  asset value  Fair value is  determined by  reference to the  comparable market  data on the key  underlying assets of  the investee company  Not applicable  Company  At FVOCI  Unquoted equity  securities  10  Adjusted net  assets value  Fair value is  determined by  reference to the  underlying assets  value of the investee  company  Not applicable   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For unquoted equity securities, a significant increase/(decrease) in discount for lack of control would result in a significantly lower/(higher) fair value measurement. For investment properties, the estimated fair value increase/(decrease) with higher/(lower) comparable prices.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities (continued)

## (d) Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)

## (ii) Movements in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value

The following table presents the reconciliation for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):

| Group  Company  US$'000  US$'000  2022  Financial assets at FVOCI  At 1 July 2021  416  10  Additions  20  20  Capital return  (666)  (286)  Net fair value gain for the year included in other comprehensive  income  246  272  At 30 June 2022  16  16   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Group  Company  US$'000  US$'000  2021  Financial assets at FVOCI  At 1 July 2020  1,933  47  Additions  5  5  Capital return  (1,231)  -  Net fair value losses for the year included in other comprehensive  income  (291)  (42)  At 30 June 2021  416  10   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iii) Valuation policies and procedures

For  all  significant  financial  reporting  valuations  using  valuation  models  and  significant  unobservable inputs, it is the Group's policy to engage external valuation experts who possess the relevant credentials and  knowledge  on  the  subject  of  valuation,  valuation  methodologies  and  SFRS(I)  13 Fair  Value Measurement guidance to perform the valuation.

For valuations performed  by external valuation experts, the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and assumptions adopted are reviewed along with the appropriateness and reliability of the inputs (including those developed internally by the Group) used in the valuations.

Significant changes in fair value measurements from period to period are evaluated for reasonableness. Key drivers of the changes are identified and assessed for reasonableness against relevant information from independent sources, or internal sources if necessary and appropriate.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 28. Fair value of assets and liabilities (continued)

## (e) Financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value, for which carrying amounts approximate fair value

Trade and other receivables (Note 11), amounts due from/(to) subsidiaries (Note 12.1 and 22), cash and cash equivalents (Note 14), lease liabilities (Note 20) and trade and other payables (Note 21)

The carrying amount of these financial assets and liabilities are reasonable approximation of fair value, either due to their  short-term  nature  or  that  they  are  floating  rate  instruments  that  are  repriced  to  market  interest rates on or near the end of the reporting period.

## 29. Financial risk management objectives and policies

Risk management is integral to the whole business of the Group. The management continually monitors the Group's risk management process to ensure that an appropriate balance between risk and control is achieved. Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in the market conditions and the Group's activities.

There has been no change to the Group's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risk. The Group is exposed to market risk (which includes market price, foreign currency and interest rate risks), liquidity risk and credit risk.

## (a) Market risk

## (i) Market price risk

Market price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices (other than currency risk or interest rate risk).

The Group is exposed to market price risk arising from quoted equity securities (Note 13) classified as financial assets at FVPL and financial assets at FVOCI (Note 13). Financial assets at FVOCI are held for strategic rather than trading purposes. To manage its exposure to market price risk, the Group diversifies its  investment portfolio within acceptable parameters as endorsed by the board of directors, through prudent assessment of investments prior to investing and ongoing monitoring of their performance.

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  if  the  price  of  the  quoted  investments  held  as  financial  assets  at FVOCI had been 5% (2021: 5%) higher/lower with all other variables held constant, the FVOCI reserve of the Group and the Company would have been US$17,000 (2021: US$26,000) and US$17,000 (2021: US$26,000) higher/lower, respectively.

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  if  the  price  of  the  investment  securities  at  FVPL  and  derivative financial instruments held had been 5% (2021: 5%) higher/lower with all other variables held constant, the profit before tax of the Group would have been US$587,000 higher/lower (2021: profit before tax of the Group would have been US$858,000 higher/lower).

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## (a) Market risk (continued)

## (i) Market price risk (continued)

For unquoted equity securities held as financial assets at FVOCI, if the value of underlying key assets had been increased/decreased, the carrying amount of the financial assets at FVOCI would have been higher/lower.

## (ii) Foreign currency risk

The Group and the Company have transactional currency exposures arising from sales or purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currencies of Group entities, primarily United States dollar (USD), Singapore dollar (SGD) and Australian dollar (AUD).

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  material  carrying  amount  of  monetary  assets  and  monetary liabilities denominated in currencies other than the respective group entities' functional currencies are as follows:

| SGD  AUD  HKD  Others  Total  Group  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2022  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  25,868  11,228  -  2  37,098  Trade and other  receivables  43  12  -  -  55  Investment securities  2,947  -  2,247  1,472  6,666  28,858  11,240  2,247  1,474  43,819  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (1,175)  -  -  -  (1,175)  (1,175)  -  -  -  (1,175)  Net financial assets  27,683  11,240  2,247  1,474  42,644   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## (a) Market risk (continued)

- (ii) Foreign currency risk (continued)

| SGD  AUD  HKD  Others  Total  Group  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2021  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  44,629  17,577  18  11  62,235  Trade and other  receivables  23  541  -  -  564  Investment securities  3,430  -  2,229  3,266  8,925  48,082  18,118  2,247  3,277  71,724  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (2,016)  -  -  -  (2,016)  (2,016)  -  -  -  (2,016)  Net financial assets  46,066  18,118  2,247  3,277  69,708   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## (a) Market risk (continued)

## (ii) Foreign currency risk (continued)

| SGD  AUD  HKD  Others  Total  Company  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2022  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  2,761  268  -  2  3,031  Trade and other receivables  6  -  -  -  6  Investment securities  2,947  -  2,247  1,472  6,666  5,714  268  2,247  1,474  9,703  Financial liabilities  Lease liabilities  (1,457)  -  -  -  (1,457)  Trade and other payables  (1,086)  -  -  -  (1,086)  Amounts due to subsidiaries  (665)  -  -  -  (665)  (3,208)  -  -  -  (3,208)  Net financial assets  2,506  268  2,247  1,474  6,495  30 June 2021  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  3,588  31  18  6  3,643  Trade and other receivables  6  -  -  -  6  Investment securities  2,760  -  2,229  2,621  7,610  6,354  31  2,247  2,627  11,259  Financial liabilities  Lease liabilities  (1,718)  -  -  -  (1,718)  Trade and other payables  (1,916)  -  -  -  (1,916)  Amounts due to subsidiaries  (1,212)  -  -  -  (1,212)  (4,846)  -  -  -  (4,846)  Net financial assets  1,508  31  2,247  2,627  6,413   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## (a) Market risk (continued)

## (ii) Foreign currency risk (continued)

## Sensitivity analysis for foreign currency risk

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group's profit before tax to a reasonably possible change in the exchange rates of the Australian dollar, Singapore dollar and Hong Kong dollar against the  functional  currency  of  the  respective  Group  entities,  with  all  other  variables  held  constant.  The sensitivity analysis includes all outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items.

If  the  relevant  foreign  currency  weakens  by  5%  (2021:  5%)  against  the  functional  currency  of  the respective Group entities, the effects will be as follows:

| Decrease in profit  before tax  Decrease in profit  before tax  2022  2021  Group  US$'000  US$'000  Singapore dollar  1,384  2,303  Australian dollar  562  906  Hong Kong dollar  112  112   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A 5% strengthening of the relevant foreign currency against the functional currency of the respective Group entities would have resulted in an equal but opposite effect on the profit or loss of the respective Group entities, with all other variables held constant.

## (iii) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group's and the Company's financial  instruments  will  fluctuate  because  of  changes  in  market  interest  rates.  The  Group's  and  the Company's exposure to interest rate risk arises primarily from their cash and cash equivalents and loan receivable.

At the end of the reporting period, if interest rates had been 1% (2021: 1%) higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the Group's profit before tax would have increased/decreased by approximately US$754,000 (2021: US$874,000).

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## (b) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group or the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting financial obligations due  to  shortage  of  funds.  The  Group's  and  the  Company's  exposure  to  liquidity  risk  arise  primarily  from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities.

The Group closely monitors its working capital requirements and funds available. Sufficient liquidity is ensured through efficient cash management and adequate lines of credit. Cash and cash equivalents are maintained at a healthy level appropriate to the operating environment and expected cash flows of the Group.

The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group's and the Company's financial assets used for managing liquidity risk and financial liabilities at the end of the financial reporting period based on contractual and undiscounted repayment obligations.

| One year  or less  One to five  years  Over five  years  Total  Group  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2022  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  69,898  -  -  69,898  Trade and other receivables  855  -  49,531  50,386  Investment securities (1)  11,741  -  -  11,741  Total undiscounted financial assets  82,494  -  49,531  132,025  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (1,684)  -  -  (1,684)  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  (1,684)  -  -  (1,684)  Total net undiscounted financial assets  80,810  -  49,531  130,341   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## (b) Liquidity risk (continued)

| One year  or less  One to five  years  Over five  years  Total  Group  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2021  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  90,109  -  -  90,109  Trade and other receivables  2,865  14,834  26,202  43,901  Investment securities (1)  17,341  -  -  17,341  Total undiscounted financial assets  110,315  14,834  26,202  151,351  Financial liabilities  Derivative financial instruments  (180)  -  -  (180)  Trade and other payables  (11,183)  -  -  (11,183)  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  (11,363)  -  -  (11,363)  Total net undiscounted financial assets  98,952  14,834  26,202  139,988  One year  or less  One to five  years  Over five  years  Total  Company  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2022  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  21,828  -  -  21,828  Trade and other receivables  25  -  -  25  Investment securities (1)  9,336  -  -  9,336  Amounts due from subsidiaries  58,227  -  -  58,227  Total undiscounted financial assets  89,416  -  -  89,416  Financial liabilities  Lease liabilities  (244)  (976)  (367)  (1,587)  Trade and other payables  (1,086)  -  -  (1,086)  Amounts due to subsidiaries  (665)  -  -  (665)  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  (1,995)  (976)  (367)  (3,338)  Total net undiscounted financial  assets/(liabilities)  87,421  (976)  (367)  86,078   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## (b) Liquidity risk (continued)

| One year  or less  One to five  years  Over five  years  Total  Company  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2021  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  17,235  -  -  17,235  Trade and other receivables  7  -  -  7  Investment securities (1)  15,512  -  -  15,512  Amounts due from subsidiaries  68,198  -  -  68,198  Total undiscounted financial assets  100,952  -  -  100,952  Financial liabilities  Lease liabilities  (253)  (1,010)  (632)  (1,895)  Trade and other payables  (1,917)  -  -  (1,917)  Derivative financial instruments  (180)  -  -  (180)  Amounts due to subsidiaries  (17,098)  -  -  (17,098)  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  (19,448)  (1,010)  (632)  (21,090)  Total net undiscounted financial  assets/(liabilities)  81,504  (1,010)  (632)  79,862   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)    The amount excludes investment securities designated as fair value through other comprehensive income that are held long-term for strategic purposes.

The following table shows the contractual expiry by maturity of the Company's contingent liabilities. The maximum amount of the corporate guarantee is allocated to the earliest period in which the corporate guarantee could be called.

| Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  One year or less  Corporate guarantee (Note 32)  20,000  20,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## (c) Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of a default by a counterparty on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group and the Company. The Group's and the Company's exposure to credit risk arise primarily from trade and  loan  receivables.  The  Group  and  the  Company  minimise  credit  risk  in  relation  to  investment  securities, derivative financial instruments and cash and short-term deposits by dealing exclusively with high credit rating, reputable financial institutions.

The Group and the Company consider the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been an increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.

The Group and the Company have determined the default event on a financial asset to be when the counterparty fails to make contractual payment, when they fall due.

To assess whether there is significant increase in credit risk, the Group and the Company compare the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. The Group and the Company consider available reasonable and supportive forward-looking information which include the following indicators:

- -External credit rating
- -Actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor's ability to meet its obligations
- -Actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the debtor
- -Significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-party guarantees or credit enhancements
- -Significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the debtor, including changes in the payment status

Regardless  of  the  analysis  above,  an  increase  in  credit  risk  is  presumed  if  a  debtor  is  past  due  in  making contractual payment.

The Group and the Company determine that its financial assets are credit-impaired when:

- -There is significant financial difficulty of the debtor
- -A breach of contract, such as a default or past due event
- -It is becoming probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation

Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with the Group. Where loans and receivables have been written off, the Company continues to engage in enforcement activity to attempt to recover the receivables due. Where recoveries are made, these are recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 29. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## (c) Credit risk (continued)

## Trade and other receivables

The Group provides for lifetime  expected  credit  losses  for  all  trade  and  other  receivables  using  a  provision matrix.  The  provision  rates  are  determined  based  on  the  Group's  historical  observed  default  rates  analysed in accordance to days past due. In analysing the expected credit losses, the Group also incorporate forwardlooking information based on the forecasted gross domestic product and economic conditions.

Based on the Group's assessment, an allowance of expected credit loss on loan receivables from an associate and joint ventures of US$369,000 (2021: US$96,000) and US$351,000 (2021: US$341,000) was recognised respectively at the end of the financial year (Note 18).

Allowance for impairment losses on a loan receivable of US$8,832,000 (2021: US$8,832,000) was made due to a default in payment by MSH (Note 3.1(b)).

The Group and the Company adopt a policy of dealing only with recognised and creditworthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient security, where appropriate, to mitigate credit risk.

For investment properties, the Group manages credit risk by collecting deposits. The Group also monitors all late payments for follow-up action.

The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, represents the Group's and the Company's maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account the value of any collateral obtained.

## Credit risk concentration profile

The Group determines concentration of credit risk by monitoring the country profile of its trade receivables on an ongoing basis. The credit risk concentration profile of the Group's trade receivables at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  % of total  US$'000  % of total  By country:  Australia  768  100  2,788  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the end of the reporting period, 100% (2021: 100%) of the Group's trade receivables was due from an associate in  Australia. However, the Group has assessed that the risk is mitigated based on past settlement records and financial capacity of the associate.

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 30. Capital management

The  primary  objective  of  the  Group's  capital  management  is  to  maintain  an  optimal  capital  structure  to  maximise shareholders' value and to support business growth, taking into consideration underlying business risks.

The Group manages its capital through regular reviews to ensure business returns commensurate with the level of risks  and  adjustments to capital allocations are made in the light of changes in economic conditions. No changes were made in the Group's objectives and policies during the financial years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021.

## 31. Segment information

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has two reportable operating segments as follows:

- (a) The investment segment relates to investment holding and trading, group level corporate, treasury activities and loans to property related entities; and
- (b) The  property  segment  comprises  investment  in  entities  engage  in  property  development  and/or  property investment

Management monitors  the  operating  results  of  its  business  units  separately  for  the  purpose  of  making  decisions on resource allocation and performance assessment. Transfer prices between operating segments are on an arm's length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.

| Investment  Property  Eliminations  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2022  Revenue  External sales  2,774  12,957  -  15,731  Inter-segment sales  24,270  250  (24,520)  -  Total revenue  27,044  13,207  (24,520)  15,731  Results  Fair value gain on investment properties  -  1,242  -  1,242  Allowance for expected credit losses  (319)  -  -  (319)  Depreciation expense  (216)  -  -  (216)  Share of results of associates  -  4,445  -  4,445  Segment (loss)/profit  (3,909)  5,889  -  1,980  Assets and liabilities  Interests in associates and joint ventures  -  99,706  -  99,706  Additions to plant and equipment  65  -  -  65  Segment assets  124,580  112,081  -  236,661  Segment liabilities  1,810  1,341  -  3,151   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 31. Segment information (continued)

| Investment  Property  Eliminations  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  30 June 2021  Revenue  External sales  3,852  15,730  -  19,582  Inter-segment sales  2,373  252  (2,625)  -  Total revenue  6,225  15,982  (2,625)  19,582  Results  Fair value gain on investment properties  -  1,170  -  1,170  Allowance for expected credit losses  (384)  -  -  (384)  Depreciation expense  (221)  -  -  (221)  Share of results of associates  -  2,184  -  2,184  Segment profit  9,445  3,846  -  13,291  Assets and liabilities  Interests in associates and joint ventures  -  95,407  -  95,407  Additions to plant and equipment  18  -  -  18  Segment assets  143,467  129,018  -  272,485  Segment liabilities  5,855  10,099  -  15,954   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Geographical information

Revenue by geographical segment is based on the country in which the counterparty is located.

Segment assets (non-current assets excluding financial assets and deferred tax assets) are based on the geographical location of these assets.

| Revenue  Non-current assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Group  Singapore  1,467  2,302  53,213  53,930  Australia  12,230  15,028  34,093  37,253  ASEAN (excluding Singapore)  -  -  20,959  21,257  United States of America  1,317  1,648  -  -  Europe  456  343  -  -  Others  261  261  -  -  15,731  19,582  108,265  112,440   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Financial Statements

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022

## 32. Contingent liabilities and guarantee

| Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Guarantee in respect of investment trading and short-term borrowing facilities  of a subsidiary, which were undrawn at the end of the reporting period  20,000  20,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33. Operating lease commitments

## As lessor

The Group has entered into non-cancellable operating lease agreements on its investment properties.

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Rental income for the year included in profit or loss  1,252  1,385   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The future minimum lease receivable in respect of the non-cancellable operating leases at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Not later than one year  1,352  1,157  Later than one year but not later than five years  825  605  2,177  1,762   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34. Approval of the financial statements

The financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 6 September 2022.

## Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election

Pursuant to Rule 720(6) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, the information relating to Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven and Mr Lim Kwee Siah as set out in Appendix 7.4.1 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST is set out below.

Non-Executive        Director,        PCI

| Name of Director  Lo Pang Foo Steven  Lim Kwee Siah  Date of Appointment  24 February 2017  28 December 2011  Date of last re-appointment (if applicable)  29 October 2019  29 October 2020  Age  52  70  Country of principal residence  Singapore  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  appointment  (including  rationale,  selection  criteria,  and  the  search  and  nomination process)  After  due  consideration,  the  Board  concurs  with  the  Nominating  Committee's  views  that  Mr  Lo,  if  re-elected,  will  continue  to  provide  valuable  insights  and  contributions  to  the  Board,  given  his  skills,  experience  and commitment in the discharge of his  duties as a Director.  After  due  consideration,  the  Board  concurs  with  the  Nominating  Committee's  views  that  Mr  Lim,  if  re-elected,  will  continue  to  provide  valuable insights and contributions to  the Board, given his skills, experience  and commitment in the discharge of  his duties as a Director.  Whether  the  appointment  is  executive,  and if so, the area of responsibility  Non-Executive  Non-Executive  Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman, AC  Member etc.)  Chairman  Non-Executive Independent Director  Remuneration Committee Chairman  Nominating Committee Chairman  Audit Committee Member  Non-Executive Director  Audit Committee Member  Remuneration Committee Member  Professional qualifications  •  Bachelor of Laws (Honours) degree,  National University of Singapore  •  Master of Laws degree, University of  Cambridge  •  Bachelor  of  Accountancy  degree, University of Singapore,  •  Fellow Chartered Accountant of  Singapore  Working  experience  and  occupation(s)  during the past 10 years  2017 to present  •  Chairman, Non-Executive  Independent  Director, Chuan Hup  Holdings Limited  2011 to 2019  •  Non-Executive Independent  Director, PCI Limited  2011 to present  •  Non-Executive Director, Chuan  Hup Holdings Limited  1989 to 2011  •  Limited  1989 to 2005  •  Executive Director,  Chuan Hup  Holdings Limited  Shareholding interest in the listed issuer  and its subsidiaries  None  230,000  ordinary  shares  in  Chuan  Hup Holdings Limited (direct interest)  Any  relationship  (including  immediate  family  relationships)  with  any  existing  director,  existing  executive  officer,  the  issuer  and/or  substantial  shareholder  of  the listed issuer or of any of its principal  subsidiaries  No  No   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election

| Conflict  of  interest  (including  any  competing business)  No  No  Undertaking  (in  the  format  set  out  in  Appendix  7.7)  under  Rule  720(1)  has  been submitted to the listed issuer  Yes  Yes  Other  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships - Past (for the last 5 years)  •  PCI Limited  •  Allston Services Pte Ltd  Other  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships - Present  •  Drew &amp; Napier LLC  •  Ventrade (Asia) Pte. Ltd.  •  Keyland Ayala Properties Inc.  a.  Whether at any time during the last  10  years, an application or a petition  under  any  bankruptcy  law  of  any  jurisdiction was filed against him or  against  a  partnership  of  which  he  was a partner at the time when he  was a partner or at any time within  2 years from the date he ceased to  be a partner?  No  No  b.  Whether at any time during the last  10  years, an application or a petition  under any law of any jurisdiction was  filed  against  an  entity  (not  being  a  partnership)  of  which  he  was  a  director or an equivalent person or  a  key  executive,  at  the  time  when  he  was  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive  of  that  entity or at any time within 2 years  from  the  date  he  ceased  to  be  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive  of  that  entity,  for the winding up or dissolution of  that  entity  or,  where  that  entity  is  the trustee of a business trust, that  business  trust,  on  the  ground  of  insolvency?  No  No  c.  Whether  there  is  any  unsatisfied  judgment against him?  No  No   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election

| d.  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  involving  fraud  or  dishonesty  which  is  punishable  with  imprisonment,  or  has been the subject of any criminal  proceedings (including any pending  criminal proceedings of which he is  aware) for such purpose?  No  No  e.  Whether he has ever been convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere, involving a breach of any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities  or  futures  industry in Singapore or elsewhere,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal proceedings (including any  pending  criminal  proceedings  of  which he is aware) for such breach?  No  No  f.  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10  years,  judgment  has  been  entered  against  him  in  any  civil  proceedings  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere  involving  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities  or  futures  industry  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  or  a  finding  of  fraud,  misrepresentation or dishonesty on  his part, or he has been the subject  of  any  civil  proceedings  (including  any  pending  civil  proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware)  involving  an  allegation  of  fraud,  misrepresentation or dishonesty on  his part?  No  No  g.  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  in  Singapore  or  else-  where of any offence in connection  with the formation or management  of any entity or business trust?  No  No   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election

| h.  Whether  he  has  ever  been  disqualified from acting as a director  or an equivalent person of any entity  (including the trustee of a business  trust), or from taking part directly or  indirectly in the management of any  entity or business trust?  No  No  i.  Whether  he  has  ever  been  the  subject  of  any  order,  judgment  or  ruling  of  any  court,  tribunal  or  governmental  body,  permanently  or  temporarily  enjoining  him  from  engaging  in  any  type  of  business  practice or activity?  No  No  j.  Whether  he  has  ever,  to  his  knowledge,  been  concerned  with  the  management  or  conduct,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  of  the  affairs of:-  i.  any corporation which has been  investigated for a breach of any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  corporations  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  ii.  any  entity  (not  being  a  corporation)  which  has  been  investigated for a breach of any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  such  entities  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  iii.  any  business  trust  which  has  been investigated for a breach of  any law or regulatory requirement  governing  business  trusts  in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election

| iv.  any  entity  or  business  trust  which has been investigated for  a breach of any law or regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities  or  futures  industry  in  Singapore or elsewhere;  in  connection  with  any  matter  occurring or arising during that period  when he was so concerned with the  entity or business trust?  No  No  k.  Whether  he  has  been  the  subject  of any current or past investigation  or  disciplinary  proceedings,  or  has  been  reprimanded  or  issued  any  warning, by the Monetary Authority  of Singapore or any other regulatory  authority,  exchange,  professional  body  or  government  agency,  whether in Singapore or elsewhere?  No  No  Any prior experience as a director of an  issuer listed on the Exchange?  Yes  Yes  If  yes,  please  provide  details  of  prior  experience.  Please  see  above  in  relation  to  Other  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships (both Past and Present)  If  no,  please  state  if  the  director  has  attended or will be attending training on  the roles and responsibilities of a director  of  a  listed  issuer  as  prescribed  by  the  Exchange.  Please  provide  details  of  relevant  experience  and  the  nominating  committee's reasons for not requiring the  director to undergo training as prescribed  by the Exchange (if applicable).  N.A.  N.A.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Statistics of Shareholdings

As at 21 September 2022

## Share Capital

Total Number of Issued Shares :

925,281,150

Class of Shares :

Ordinary shares

Voting Rights :

One vote per share

Number/Percentage of Treasury Shares :

0 (0%)

Number/Percentage of Subsidiary Holdings :

0 (0%)

## Distribution of Shareholdings

| Size of Shareholdings  No. of Shareholders  %  No. of Shares  %  1 - 99  8  0.10  243  0.00  100 - 1,000  183  2.23  148,132  0.02  1,001 - 10,000  4,013  48.98  27,609,760  2.98  10,001 - 1,000,000  3,956  48.29  238,916,831  25.82  1,000,001 and above  33  0.40  658,606,184  71.18  Total  8,193  100.00  925,281,150  100.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Twenty Largest Shareholders

| No.  Name of Shareholder  No. of Shares  %  1  CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  543,193,450  58.71  2  DBS NOMINEES PTE LTD  25,807,150  2.79  3  UNITED OVERSEAS BANK NOMINEES PTE LTD  14,156,700  1.53  4  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LTD  8,666,300  0.94  5  OCBC NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  6,638,700  0.72  6  MORPH INVESTMENTS LTD  5,925,000  0.64  7  LIM MENG KONG  4,220,000  0.46  8  TEO CHENG TUAN DONALD  4,000,000  0.43  9  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  3,885,384  0.42  10  LEONG HEIN HAK  3,250,000  0.35  11  RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE) LIMITED  3,153,000  0.34  12  NG THIN ONN TONY  3,000,000  0.32  13  STELLA BOH YUN MEI  3,000,000  0.32  14  TAN HUAT  2,900,000  0.31  15  SEAH KIOK LENG  2,210,000  0.24  16  LOA SZE PIN  2,150,000  0.23  17  MRS LOH SIN YUN NEE TAN HUI LAN CORRIE  1,700,000  0.18  18  MAYBANK SECURITIES PTE. LTD.  1,659,900  0.18  19  NG PAU LING SIMON  1,630,000  0.18  20  IFAST FINANCIAL PTE LTD  1,557,800  0.17  Total:  642,703,384  69.46   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Statistics of Shareholdings

As at 21 September 2022

## Substantial Shareholders

| Direct Interest  Deemed Interest  Name of Shareholder  No. of Shares  % (a)  No. of Shares  % (a)  Kai Xin Guo Pte Ltd  478,264,490  51.69  (b)&amp;(c)  -  -  Peh Siong Woon Terence  37,709,100  (b)  4.08  478,264,490  51.69  (d)  Peh Kwee Chim  -  -  478,264,490  51.69  (e)  Qing Shan Pte Ltd  -  -  478,264,490  51.69  (c)  Zedra Trust Company (Singapore) Limited  -  -  478,264,490  51.69  (c)  Sapphire Skye Holdings Limited  -  -  478,264,490  51.69  (c)  Sapphire Alpha Holdings Limited  -  -  478,264,490  51.69  (f)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (a) Percentage is calculated based on 925,281,150 issued shares.
- (b) Held in the name of its nominee, Citibank Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd.
- (c) Kai Xin Guo Pte Ltd ('KXG') is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Qing Shan Pte Ltd ('Qing Shan') which is in turn held by Zedra Trust Company (Singapore) Limited ('Zedra') as trustee of the trust constituted by Mr Peh Kwee Chim ('Trust'), the entire shareholding of Qing Shan is held by Sapphire Skye Holdings Limited, a nominee shareholder of Zedra, on behalf of Zedra as trustee of the Trust.
- (d) Mr Peh Siong Woon Terence is a director of KXG and is also the beneficiary of the Trust, and is therefore deemed, pursuant to Section 4 of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the 'SFA') and Section 7 of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'CA'), to have an interest in the 478,264,490 shares of the Company held by KXG.
- (e) Mr Peh Kwee Chim is a director of KXG and is also the settlor of the Trust,  and  is  therefore  deemed,  pursuant  to Section 4 of the SFA and Section 7 of the CA, to have an interest in the 478,264,490 shares of the Company held by KXG.
- (f) Sapphire Alpha Holdings Limited, the nominee corporate shareholder of Zedra Trust Company (Singapore) Limited and sole director of Qing Shan Pte Ltd, manages, controls the operations of and determines the policy with respect to Qing Shan Pte Ltd.

## Shareholdings held by Public

Based on information  available  to  the  Company  as  at  21  September  2022,  approximately  44.21%  of  the  issued  ordinary shares of the Company is held by the public and therefore, Rule 723 of the Listing Manual issued by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited is complied with.

## Notice of Annual General Meeting and Closure of Books

## CHUAN HUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) (Co. Reg. No. 197000572R)

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that  the  Fifty-Second  Annual  General  Meeting  (' AGM ')  of  Chuan  Hup  Holdings  Limited  ('the Company ') will be convened and held by way of electronic means on Friday, 28 October 2022 at 10.30 a.m. to transact the following business:

## (A) ORDINARY BUSINESS:

| 1. financial year ended 30 June 2022 and the Auditor's Report thereon.  - To  receive  and  adopt  the  Directors'  Statement  and  Audited  Financial  Statements  for  the Ordinary Resolution 1  2. To declare a final tax exempt one-tier dividend of 1 SG cent per ordinary share for the financial year ended 30 June 2022. Ordinary Resolution 2  3. To re-elect Mr Lo Pang Foo Steven who is retiring by rotation under Regulation 85 of the Company's Constitution and who, being eligible, offers himself for re-election. (See Note 1) Ordinary Resolution 3  4. To re-elect Mr Lim Kwee Siah who is retiring by rotation under Regulation 85 of the Company's Constitution and who, being eligible, offers himself for re-election. (See Note 2) Ordinary Resolution 4  5. To approve the sum of SGD180,000 to be paid to Non-Executive Directors as Directors' fees for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (FY2021: SGD180,000). Ordinary Resolution 5  6. To re-appoint Ernst &amp; Young LLP as Auditor of the Company and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration. Ordinary Resolution 6   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (B) SPECIAL BUSINESS:

To consider, and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

7. That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, 1967 (the ' Companies Act be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to:
2. '), authority Ordinary Resolution 7
3. (a) (i) issue shares in the capital of the Company (' shares ') whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
4. (ii) make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively, ' Instruments ') that might or would require shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into shares,

at  any  time  and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and

- (b) (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force)  issue  shares  in  pursuance of any Instrument made or granted by the Directors while this Resolution was in force,

## Notice of Annual General Meeting and Closure of Books

## provided that:

- (1) the  aggregate  number  of  shares  to  be  issued  pursuant  to  this  Resolution  (including shares  to  be  issued  in  pursuance  of  Instruments  made  or  granted  pursuant  to  this Resolution) does not exceed 50 per cent. of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below), of which the aggregate number of shares to be issued other than on a pro rata basis to shareholders of the Company (including shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) does not exceed 20 per cent. of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below);
- (2) (subject to such manner of calculation as may be prescribed by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ')) for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the percentage of issued shares shall be based on the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time this Resolution is passed, after adjusting for:
3. (i) new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities or share options or vesting of share awards which are outstanding or subsisting at the time this Resolution is passed; and
4. (ii) any subsequent bonus issue or consolidation or subdivision of shares;

and, in sub-paragraph (1) above and this sub-paragraph (2), 'subsidiary holdings' has the meaning given to it in the Companies Act;

- (3) in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST (' Listing Manual ') for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST) and the Constitution for the time being of the Company; and
- (4) (unless revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting) the authority conferred by this Resolution shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.

## Notice of Annual General Meeting and Closure of Books

## 8. That approval be and is hereby given:

- (a) for the purposes of Sections 76C and 76E of the Companies Act, the exercise by the Directors of the Company of all the powers of the Company to purchase or otherwise acquire issued ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (the " Shares ") not exceeding in aggregate the Maximum Limit (as hereafter defined), at such price or prices as may be determined by the Directors of the Company from time to time up to the Maximum Price (as hereafter defined), whether by way of:
- (i) an on-market share acquisition (" On-Market Purchase ") transacted on the SGX-ST trading system, through one or more duly licensed stockbrokers appointed by the Company for such purpose; and/or
- (ii) off-market share acquisition (" Off-Market Purchase ") pursuant to an equal access scheme(s) as may be determined or formulated by the Directors in their discretion, which scheme(s) shall satisfy all the conditions prescribed by the Companies Act, and otherwise be in accordance with all other laws, the Listing Manual and other regulations and rules of the SGX-ST,

## (the ' Mandate ');

- (b) unless varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting, the authority conferred on the Directors of the Company pursuant to the Mandate may be exercised by the Directors of the Company at any time and from time to time, on and from the date of passing of this Resolution up to:-
- (i) the  date  on  which  the  next  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  is  held  or required by law to be held; or
- (ii) the date on which the authority conferred by the Share Buy Back Mandate is revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting, whichever is the earlier; or
- (iii) the date on which the Share buy back is fulfilled up to the full extent of the Share Buy Back Mandate; and
- (c) the Directors of the Company and/or any of them be and is hereby authorised to do such acts and things (including, without limitation, entering into all transactions, arrangements and  agreements  and  executing  such  documents)  as  they  and/or  he  may  consider necessary or expedient to give effect to this resolution.

Ordinary Resolution 8

## Notice of Annual General Meeting and Closure of Books

In this resolution:

' Maximum Limit '  means  that  number  of  Shares  representing  10%  of  the  issued  ordinary share  capital  of  the  Company  as  at  the  date  of  the  passing  of  this  Resolution,  unless  the Company has effected a reduction of the share capital of the Company in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act at any time during the Relevant Period (as defined below), in which event the issued ordinary share capital of the Company shall be taken to be the amount of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as altered. Any of the Shares held by the Company as treasury shares and subsidiary holdings shall be disregarded for purposes of computing the 10% limit of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company;

' Maximum Price ' in relation to a Share to be purchased or acquired, means the price paid per Share which does not exceed 105% of the average of the closing market prices of the Shares over the last five (5) market days, on which transactions in the Shares were recorded, before the day on which the purchases are made and deemed to be adjusted for any corporate action that occurs during the relevant five (5) day period; and the day on which the purchases are made;

' Relevant Period ' means the period commencing from the date of passing of this Resolution and expiring on the date the next annual general meeting of the Company is held or is required by law to be held, or the date on which the purchases of the Shares are carried out to the full extent mandated, whichever is earlier, unless prior to that, it is varied or revoked by resolution of the shareholders of the Company in general meeting; and

' subsidiary holdings ' has the meaning ascribed to it in the Companies Act.

The  Maximum  Price  shall  apply  to  both  On-Market  Purchases  and  Off-Market  Purchases and shall exclude brokerage fees, commission, stamp duties payable, applicable goods and services tax, clearance fees and other related expenses. (See Note 3).

## Notice of Annual General Meeting and Closure of Books

NOTICE IS ALSO HEREBY GIVEN that, subject to the approval of shareholders for the final dividend being obtained at the Fifty-Second AGM to be held on 28 October 2022, the Transfer Books and the Register of Members of the Company will be closed on 4 November 2022 for the preparation of dividend warrants.

Duly completed registrable transfers in respect of ordinary shares of the Company received by the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services (a division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.) at 80 Robinson Road, #02-00, Singapore 068898 up to 5.00 p.m. on 3 November 2022, will be registered to determine shareholders' entitlements to the proposed final dividend. Shareholders whose Securities Accounts with The Central Depository (Pte) Limited are credited with ordinary shares in the capital of the Company as at 5.00 p.m. on 3 November 2022 will be entitled to the proposed final dividend.

The final dividend, if approved by shareholders at the AGM, will be paid on 14 November 2022.

By Order of the Board

## Anne Liew Mei Hong

Company Secretary 6 October 2022

## Notes:

1. In  relation  to  Ordinary  Resolution  3,  Mr  Lo  Pang  Foo  Steven,  will  upon  re-election,  continue  to  serve  as  the  Chairman  of  the  Board, the  Chairman  of  the  Remuneration  and  Nominating  Committees  and  a  member  of  the  Audit  Committee.  Mr  Lo  is  considered  an independent director. Please refer to the section on 'Board of Directors' and 'Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election' in the Annual Report 2022 for details information on Mr Lo.
2. In  relation  to  Ordinary  Resolution  4,  Mr  Lim  Kwee  Siah,  will  upon  re-election,  continue  to  serve  as  a  member  of  the  Audit  and Remuneration Committees. Mr Lim is considered a non-independent director. Please refer to the section on 'Board of Directors' and ' Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election' in the Annual Report 2022 for detailed information on Mr Lim.
3. Ordinary Resolution 8 if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, effective until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier, to repurchase ordinary shares of the Company by way of On-Market Purchase or Off-Market Purchase of up to 10% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the Maximum Price. Information relating to the Share Buy Back Mandate, such as the rationale, the authority and limits, the source of funds to be used for the purchase or acquisition and the financial effects of the Share Buy Back Mandate based on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial period ended 30 June 2022 are set out in greater detail in the Appendix to this Notice of AGM.

## Notice of Annual General Meeting and Closure of Books

## Important Notes to Shareholders Regarding the Alternative Arrangement to hold Company's 52 nd  AGM

1. The AGM is being convened, and will be held, by way of electronic means pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020. Printed copies of this Notice of AGM will not be printed nor sent to shareholders.

## Participation in the AGM via electronic means

2. Alternative arrangements relating to:
2. (a) attendance at the AGM via electronic means (including arrangements by which the meeting can be electronically accessed via live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only stream);
3. (b) submission of questions to the Chairman of the Meeting in advance of, or 'live' via text-based questions through the audio-visual webcast platform at, the AGM, and addressing of substantial and relevant questions in advance of, or 'live' at, the AGM; and
4. (c) voting at the AGM (i) 'live' by the shareholders themselves or their duly appointed proxy(ies) (other than the Chairman of the Meeting) via electronic means; or (ii) by appointing the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM,

are  set  out  in  the  accompanying  Company's  announcement  dated  6  October  2022.  This  announcement  may  be  accessed  at  the Company's website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html and will also be made available on the SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.

## Voting 'live', or submitting instruments appointing a proxy(ies) to vote 'live', at the AGM

3. To  keep  physical  interactions  and  COVID-19  transmission  risk  to  a  minimum,  the  Company  is  not  providing  for  physical attendance by shareholders at the AGM. A shareholder who wishes to exercise his/her/its voting rights at the AGM may:
2. (a) (where the shareholder is an individual) vote 'live' via electronic means at the AGM, or (whether the shareholder is an individual or a corporate) appoint a proxy(ies) (other than the Chairman of the Meeting) to vote 'live' via electronic means at the AGM on their behalf; or
3. (b) (whether the shareholder is an individual or a corporate) appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as their proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM.

The accompanying proxy form for the AGM may be accessed in the following URL: (i) at the Company's website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html; or (ii) at the SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.

A shareholder may also appoint a proxy(ies) via the online process through the pre-registration website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html.

4. The proxy form must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
2. (a) if  submitted by post, be lodged at the office of the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services (A division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.), at 80 Robinson Road #11-02 Singapore 068898; or
3. (b) if submitted electronically, be submitted:
4. (i) via email to the Company's Share Registrar at sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com; or
5. (ii) via the pre-registration website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html,

in each case, by 10.30 a.m. on 25 October 2022 , being 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM .

A shareholder who wishes to submit the proxy form must first download, complete and sign the proxy form before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before submitting it via email (e.g., by enclosing a completed and signed PDF copy of the proxy form) to the email address provided above. A shareholder may also appoint a proxy(ies) via the online process through the pre-registration website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html.

Shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email or appoint a proxy(ies) via the pre-registration website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html.

5. Central Provident Fund Scheme ('CPF') and Supplementary Retirement Scheme ('SRS') investors:
2. (a) may vote 'live' via electronic means at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators,  and  should  contact  their  respective  CPF  Agent  Banks  or  SRS  Operators  if  they  have  any  queries  regarding  their appointment as proxies; or

## Notice of Annual General Meeting and Closure of Books

- (b) may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, in which case they should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their votes by 10.30 a.m. on 18 October 2022 .

## Annual Report 2022

6. The Annual Report 2022 (including proxy form, Notice of AGM and Appendix to this Notice of AGM) ('the Documents') may be accessed at the Company's website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html. Printed copies of the Documents will not be despatched to shareholders.

The Documents will also be made available on the SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements. Shareholders and Investors are advised to check SGXNet and/ or the Company's website regularly for updates.

## 7. Personal Data Privacy

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) to attend, speak and vote at the Annual General Meeting and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the purpose of the processing, administration and analysis by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of proxies appointed for the Annual General Meeting (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the Annual General Meeting (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, take-over rules, regulations and/ or guidelines (collectively, the 'Purposes'); (ii) warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member's proxy(ies) to the Company (or its agents or service providers), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) for the Purposes; and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

!

## CHUAN HUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) (Co. Reg. No. 197000572R)

## Annual General Meeting Proxy Form

## IMPORTANT

1.  This  AGM  (as  defined  below)  will  be  held  by  electronic  means  pursuant  to  the  COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020. Printed copies of the Notice of AGM and this proxy form will not be printed nor sent to shareholders. Instead, the Notice of AGM and this proxy form will be sent to shareholders via electronic means via publication on the Company's website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html and on the SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
2.  Alternative  Arrangements relating to attendance at the AGM, submission of questions to the Chairman of the Meeting in advance of, or at, the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions in advance of, or at, the AGM, and voting at the AGM by the member or their duly appointed  proxy(ies),  are  set  out  in  the  accompanying  Company's  announcement  dated  6 October 2022.
3.  Please read the notes overleaf which contain instructions on, inter alia, the appointment of a proxy(ies).
4.  This proxy form is not valid for use by investors holding shares in the Company ('Shares') through relevant  intermediaries  (as  defined  in  Section  181  of  the  Companies  Act  1967)  ('Investors') (including  investors  holding  through  Central  Provident  Fund  ('CPF')  and  Supplementary Retirement  Scheme  ('SRS')  ('CPF/SRS  investors'))  and  shall  be  ineffective  for  all  intents  and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. An Investor who wishes to vote should instead approach his/her relevant intermediary as soon as possible to specify voting instructions. A CPF/ SRS investor who wishes to vote should approach his/her CPF Agent Bank or SRS Operator by 10.30 a.m. on 18 October 2022, being 7 working days before the date of the AGM to submit his/ her voting instructions.
5.  Personal Data Privacy: By submitting this proxy form, a member of the Company accepts and agrees to the personal data terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 6 October 2022.

I/We ............................................................................... (Name) .......................................................................... (NRIC/Passport No./Co.Reg.No.) of  ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................  (Address) being a member/members of Chuan Hup Holdings Limited (the' Company ') hereby appoint:-

Name:

Address:

*and/or (delete as appropriate)

Name:

Address:

NRIC/Passport No.

Email Address:

NRIC/Passport No.

Email Address:

Or  if  no  proxy  is  named,  the  Chairman  of  the  Meeting  as  *my/our  proxy/proxies  to  attend,  speak  and  vote  for  *me/us on *my/our behalf at the 52 nd   AGM of  the  Company to be convened and held by way of electronic means on Friday , 28 October 2022 at 10.30 a.m. (Singapore time) and at any adjournment thereof.

as my/our proxy to attend, speak and vote on my/our behalf at the 52 nd  Annual General Meeting of the Company (' AGM ') to be held by way of electronic means on Friday , 28 October 2022 at 10.30 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof in the following manner:

| No.  Ordinary Resolution  No. of Votes  For*  No. of Votes  Against*  ORDINARY BUSINESS  1.  Adoption of Directors' Statement and Audited Financial Statements and  Auditors' Report  2.  Declaration of Final Dividend  3.  Re-election of Mr Lo Pang Foo as Director  4.  Re-election of Mr Lim Kwee Siah as Director  5.  Approval of Directors' Fees  6.  Re-appointment of Ernst &amp; Young LLP as Auditor  SPECIAL BUSINESS  7.  Issue of additional shares and convertible instruments  8.  Approval of the Proposed Renewal of the Share Buy Back Mandate   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

You  may  tick  [' ']  within  the  relevant  box  to  vote  'For'  or  'Against',  in  respect  of  all  your  Shares  for  each  resolution. Alternatively, you may indicate the number of Shares that you wish to vote for or against, for each resolution in the relevant box.

Dated this ............. day of .............................. 2022

..........................................................................................

Signature(s) or Common Seal of Member(s)

Total Number of Shares held:

(a) CDP Register

(b) Register of Members

No. of Shares

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

## Notes:

1. A member should insert the total number of Shares held in the proxy form. If a member only has Shares entered against his/her/its name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), he/she/it should insert that number of Shares. If he/she/it only has Shares registered in his/her/its name in the Register of Members, he/she/it should insert that number of Shares. However, if he/she/it has Shares entered against his/her/its name in the Depository Register and Shares registered in his/her/its name in the Register of Members, he/she/it should insert the aggregate number of Shares entered against his/her/its name in the Depository Register and registered in his/her/its name in the Register of Members. If no number is inserted, the proxy form shall be deemed to relate to all the Shares held by the member (in both the Register of Members and the Depository Register).
2. To  keep  physical  interactions  and  COVID-19  transmission  risk  to  a  minimum,  the  Company  is  not  providing  for  physical attendance by shareholders at the AGM. A shareholder who wishes to exercise his/her/its voting rights at the AGM may:
3. (a) where the shareholder is an individual) vote 'live' via electronic means at the AGM, or (whether the shareholder is an individual or a corporate) appoint a proxy(ies) (other than the Chairman of the Meeting) 1  to vote 'live' via electronic means at the AGM on their behalf; or
4. (b) whether the shareholder is an individual or a corporate) appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as their proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM.

This proxy form may be accessed at the Company's website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html and on the SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements. A member may also appoint a proxy(ies) via the online process through the pre-registration website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html

3. (a) A member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies. Where such member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than one proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the instrument
2. (b) A member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two proxies, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Where such member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than two proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the instrument

'Relevant intermediary' has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967.

1 For the avoidance of doubt, CPF and SRS investors will not be able to appoint third party proxy(ies) (i.e., persons other than the Chairman of the Meeting) to vote 'live' at the AGM on their behalf.

4. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
5. The proxy form must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
3. (a) if submitted by post, be lodged at the office of the Company's Share Registrar or Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services, at 80 Robinson Road #11-02 Singapore 068898.
4. (b) If submitted electronically, be submitted:
- i. via email to the Company's Share Registrar at sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com or
- ii. via the pre-registration website at the https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html in each case, by 10.30 a.m . on 25 October 2022, being 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM .

A  shareholder  who  wishes  to  submit  the  proxy  form  must  first  download,  complete  and  sign  the  proxy  form  before  submitting  it by post to the address provided above, or before submitting it via email (e.g., by enclosing a completed and signed PDF copy of the proxy form) to the email address provided above. A shareholder may also appoint a proxy(ies) via the online process through the preregistration website at the URL https://chuanhup.listedcompany.com/agm\_egm.html .

6. Completion and return of the proxy form does not preclude a member from attending, speaking and voting at the AGM. A shareholder who accesses the live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only stream of the AGM proceedings may revoke the appointment of a proxy(ies) at any time before voting commences and in such an event, the Company reserves the right to terminate the proxy(ies)' access to the live audio-visual webcast and live audio-only stream of the AGM.
7. The proxy form must be under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the proxy form is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised. Where a proxy form is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the proxy form, failing which the proxy form may be treated as invalid.
8. The Company shall be entitled to reject an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) (including any related attachment). In addition, in the case of members whose shares are entered against their names in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any instrument appointing a proxy(ies) lodged or submitted if such members are not shown to have shares entered against their names in the Depository Register 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the Annual General Meeting as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.
9. Any reference to a time of day is made by reference to Singapore time.

## The Company Secretary

CHUAN HUP HOLDINGS LIMITED c/o Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services

(A division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.) 80 Robinson Road #11-02 Singapore 068898

1 ST  FOLD HERE

2 ND  FOLD HERE

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Chuan hup holdingS liMited

(Co. Reg. No. 197000572R)

8 Eu Tong Sen Street #24-90 The Central Singapore 059818 Tel: (65) 6559 9700     Fax: (65) 6268 1937 Website: www.chuanhup.com.sg Email: corpsec\_legal@chuanhup.com.sg