## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| 4. About CI Financial  6. CI Financial Board of Directors  7. 2022 at a Glance  - 8 . CEO Letter to Shareholders  - 18 . Subsidiary Profiles  - 24 . Corporate Social Responsibility Report  30. Corporate Information   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ABOUT CI FINANCIAL

CI Financial Corp. ('CI') is a diversified global asset and wealth management company operating primarily in Canada, the United States and Australia. Founded in 1965, CI has developed world-class portfolio management talent, extensive capabilities in all aspects of wealth planning, and a comprehensive product suite.

We are guided by our core beliefs that active management adds value to clients' portfolios and that investors benefit from the advice provided by professional financial advisors. At March 31, 2023, CI had total assets of $391.1 billion, consisting of asset management assets of $122.0 billion, Canadian wealth management assets of $81.6 billion, and U.S. wealth management assets of $187.5 billion.

CI has been listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange since June 1994 (symbol: CIX). Our head office is in Toronto and our U.S. headquarters is in Miami.

<!-- image -->

## CI OPERATES IN THESE SEGMENTS: Asset Management, Canadian Wealth Management and U.S. Wealth Management.

## 01. ASSET MANAGEMENT

CI Global Asset Management is one of Canada's pre-eminent investment managers and offers a comprehensive selection of investment solutions, including mutual funds, ETFs and alternatives, to retail and institutional clients. The CI GAM portfolio management team consists of more than 100 investment professionals with expertise spanning asset classes and industry sectors globally.

GSFM Pty Limited , which operates as GSFM Funds Management, is a leading manager and distributor of investment strategies and products to Australian institutional and retail investors.

CI also owns a majority interest in Marret Asset Management Inc. , a Toronto-based specialized fixed-income manager, a minority stake in Altrinsic Global Advisors, LLC, a global equity investment boutique based in Greenwich, Connecticut, and has a joint venture with Axia Real Assets LP of Toronto, an alternative asset manager focused on global real estate and infrastructure.

## 02. CANADIAN WEALTH

## MANAGEMENT

CI Assante Wealth Management is one of Canada's largest wealth management firms, supporting 550 practices in the delivery of complete financial advice for affluent Canadian families, business owners and professionals.

Aligned Capital Partners Inc. is a Canadian full-service investment dealer supporting a network of more than 260 advisor teams across Canada. CI holds a majority interest.

CI Private Wealth (Canada) is a discretionary investment counsel business that provides a highly personalized wealth management experience tailored to ultra-high-net-worth and high-net-worth individuals, business owners and families.

Northwood Family Office is Canada's leading multi-family office, focusing on families with $10 million to $1+ billion in family net worth.

CI Direct Investing is a leading Canadian online investment and financial planning platform.

CI Investment Services is a Canadian financial technology company that provides a wide range of innovative brokerage and trading services.

## 03. U.S. WEALTH MANAGEMENT

The U.S. wealth management segment's primary business is CIPW Holdings, LLC, which operates as CI Private Wealth ('CIPW') . CIPW is an integrated wealth management business focused on providing comprehensive wealth management solutions to affluent and wealthy individuals, families and institutions.

CIPW was established in 2020 with the goal of building the leading private wealth management firm in the United States. Today, after three years of rapid growth, CIPW is one of the largest registered investment advisor firms in the country with offices across the U.S.

## CI FINANCIAL DIRECTORS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

/K.alt.capURT MACALPINE Chief Executive Officer and Director

<!-- image -->

BRIGETTE CHANG Director

<!-- image -->

PAUL J. PERROW Director

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

WILLIAM T. HOLLAND Chairman of the Board

<!-- image -->

DAVID P. MILLER Director

<!-- image -->

SARAH M. WARD Director

WILLIAM (BILL) BUTT Director

<!-- image -->

TOM P. MUIR Director

<!-- image -->

## 2022 AT A GLANCE

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 1

| TOTAL ASSETS  $375.8B  NET REVENUES  $2.3B  FREE CASH FLOW  $687.4M  CANADIAN RETAIL ASSET  MANAGEMENT NET SALES  $1.0B  ADJUSTED EPS  $3.10  TOTAL DIVIDENDS  $137.4M  OPERATING CASH FLOW  $564.5M  WEALTH MANAGEMENT  NET INFLOWS  $10.9M  BASIC EPS  $1.58  SHARE REPURCHASES  $232M   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

INCREASED U.S. ASSETS TO $180.6 BILLION through strong inflows

<!-- image -->

and five direct acquisitions

REORGANIZED COMPANY MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE to streamline and focus

<!-- image -->

decision-making

ACQUIRED NORTHWOOD FAMILY OFFICE , Canada's leading multi-family office

<!-- image -->

EXPANDED AND DIVERSIFIED PRODUCT LINEUP with new mandates in digital assets, technological innovations, environmental, social and governance (ESG), liquid alternatives, private markets, and fixed income

<!-- image -->

1 As at or for the year ended December 31, 2022. Adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow are not standardized measures prescribed by IFRS. Descriptions of these measures are provided in the 'Non-IFRS Measures' section starting on page 6 of the attached Financial Report dated December 31, 2022.

LAUNCHED A UNIQUE PARTNERSHIP STRUCTURE for CI Private Wealth U.S.

<!-- image -->

INITIATED SIGNIFICANT EXPANSION of the CI Investment Services custody business

<!-- image -->

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

## Dear Shareholders,

As we look back on 2022, I am pleased to report that CI Financial performed well during an incredibly challenging year. The war in Ukraine, rising inflation and the dramatic jump in interest rates dominated the headlines. These developments triggered a rare simultaneous decline in both the stock and bond markets.

While the market turbulence affected our asset levels and share price, CI continued to make excellent progress in executing on its strategic priorities and delivered strong business and financial results.

For fiscal 2022, we had the second-highest adjusted earnings per share 1 in CI's history, only 1% below last year's record result and 27% higher than the next best year.

Our Canadian and U.S. wealth management businesses attracted record combined inflows of $10.9 billion during the year, led by $6.6 billion of inflows into the U.S. business. In asset management, our Canadian retail business had its highest level of positive net sales since 2015 - at a time when the overall Canadian fund industry experienced significant redemptions.

CI's total assets reached a record high of $384.9 billion in November as robust flows and acquisitions helped to offset the impact of market declines. Total assets at year-end were $375.8 billion, down just 0.1% from December 31, 2021. CI's assets have more than doubled since we adopted new strategic priorities in November 2019.

To have achieved these results during a very difficult environment speaks to the dedication of our people and the success of our strategy, which has transformed CI into a larger, more diversified company.

In 2022, CI expanded its reporting to three segments: Asset Management, Canadian Wealth Management, and U.S. Wealth Management. This change allowed for increased disclosure around the U.S. business, which has become our largest segment by assets. We have also reorganized our management structure so that each segment operates as a standalone business unit with dedicated leadership and operating functions. Each leadership team has the authority and accountability to drive enhanced outcomes for our clients.

In this letter, I will discuss the highlights of our 2022 accomplishments in each of our operating segments.

<!-- image -->

## STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

Our strategic priorities and the rationale for each are shown below. These priorities were adopted in November 2019 to leverage CI's strengths and take advantage of opportunities for growth in a rapidly changing financial services industry. All initiatives at CI support one or more of these priorities.

<!-- image -->

## MODERNIZE ASSET MANAGEMENT

Evolving demographics

-

Shifts in investor preferences

-

Changing expectations for servicing and support

-

Ongoing regulatory change

<!-- image -->

## EXPAND WEALTH MANAGEMENT

Role of advisor is more important than ever

-

Our breadth of capabilities uniquely positions us to be Canada's market leader

-

Consumers' lives are becoming increasingly complex and digital

<!-- image -->

GLOBALIZE OUR COMPANY

Scale is becoming increasingly important and difficult to achieve in Canada

-

Investors want to be serviced and supported globally

-

Talent acquisition from global markets

## ASSET MANAGEMENT

In 2022, reporting for the Asset Management segment was unified under CI President and Chief Operating Officer Darie Urbanky, who oversees all aspects of that business apart from shared services such as Finance, Marketing, Legal and Human Resources.

One of the most important elements in modernizing our asset management business over the last three years has been the development of an integrated, global, institutional-grade investment platform at CI Global Asset Management ('CI GAM'). The build-out of this modernized platform continued in 2022 and the results demonstrate the wisdom of this change.

Prior to the integration, CI GAM's in-house portfolio management consisted of a series of boutiques operating independently of one another. Not only did these boutiques effectively compete with one another for business, there were extensive redundancies between them, as each was responsible for its own research, risk management and so on. This meant that our investment management operations did not fully benefit from CI GAM's scale as one of Canada's largest asset managers.

Today, the CI GAM investment team is the largest it's ever been, and employs a collaborative, team-based approach under the direction of Marc-André Lewis, our first firm-wide Chief Investment Officer. The group has introduced institutional-grade tools, technology and processes to support our commitment to delivering the best possible investment experience for our clients. The new structure includes teams dedicated to specific asset classes, backed by extensive research capabilities and specialists in trading, analytics, risk management, and responsible investment. The redundancies of the multi-boutique model have been replaced by true scale in all aspects of investment management.

## LEGACY MULTI-BOUTIQUE MODEL

<!-- image -->

| TODAY'S CI GAM INVESTMENT TEAM  EQUITIES  ALTERNATIVES  RIS/K.alt.cap/  ANALYTICS  FIXED INCOME  MACRO/FX  RESPONSIBLE  INVESTING  MULTI-ASSET  CAPITAL  MAR/K.alt.capETS  ADVISORY  BOUTIQUE  BOUTIQUE  BOUTIQUE  BOUTIQUE  BOUTIQUE  BOUTIQUE   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, CI GAM also claimed compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards ('GIPS®') from CFA Institute, the global standard for presenting investment performance. This was a significant undertaking and further underscores CI GAM's commitment to following industry best practices and modernizing its business.

These changes to our investment management platform have already had a significant impact, leading to a sustained improvement in relative investment performance and, along with enhancements in sales and marketing and new product development, driving a dramatic turnaround in net sales.

At December 31, 2022, funds representing 66% and 71% of CI GAM's assets under management were beating peer group averages over three years and five years, respectively. Our investment performance was also recognized through 14 Refinitiv Canada Lipper Fund Awards and 39 FundGrade A+® Awards for 2022. The annual awards programs identify funds with consistently strong risk-adjusted performance, relative to peers.

CI posted net sales in Canadian retail during the year of $1.0 billion, the best result since 2015 and the second consecutive year of net sales in this category. This was truly impressive given the macroeconomic uncertainty and the significant correction in capital markets. In contrast, the Investment Funds Institute of Canada reported total industry net redemptions of $8.0 billion for the year.

## LEADING IN PRODUCT INNOVATION

As part of our strategic priority of modernizing asset management, we have put an increased emphasis on updating our product lineup, which we believe has contributed substantially to our sales. Our efforts in this area are guided by three themes: providing new strategies to help investors thrive in challenging markets; providing investment options that align with investors' evolving preferences; and enhancing and simplifying our existing product lineup.

In 2022, we continued to demonstrate innovation and leadership in product development, launching mutual funds and ETFs representing a diverse range of mandates. New products during the year included the following mandates:

-    Thematic CI GAM launched ETFs focused on digital security, digital health care, blockchain, and the metaverse.
-    Digital assets We expanded our lineup of cryptocurrency funds with CI Galaxy Multi-Crypto ETF, which invests in our Bitcoin and Ether ETFs.
-    Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) CI Global Green Bond and CI Global Sustainable Infrastructure Fund expanded CI GAM's lineup of ESG funds to meet the increasing interest in this approach.
-    Fixed income Fixed income remains a key component of investor portfolios and in 2022, CI GAM expanded its lineup with ETF series of CI Floating Rate Income Fund, CI Global Investment Grade Fund and CI Global High Yield Private Pool, along with several other global bond fund options.
-    Alternatives CI expanded its lineup of liquid alternative investments with the introduction of CI Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund and CI Auspice Broad Commodities ETF, and added to its private markets solutions with CI HarbourVest Private Infrastructure Income Fund.

As we continue to enhance our product offering, developing alternative investments remains a priority for us. In liquid alternatives, which offer alternative investment approaches in a mutual fund or ETF structure, CI is an industry leader with $3.5 billion under management and a 15% market share as at March 31, 2023 (as ranked by the Canadian Association of Alternative Assets and Strategies).

<!-- image -->

The next step is to make private markets solutions more accessible to the Canadian market. Leading institutional investors will allocate 30% or more of their portfolios to alternative investments, while Canadian retail investors will typically have 0%. To address this opportunity, CI offers accredited investors a high-quality lineup of three private markets funds focused on private equity and credit, real estate, and infrastructure. In the first quarter of 2023, we launched a diversified, multi-manager strategy that provides Canadian retail investors with a single ticket solution for investing in private markets. The fund is currently open to investments from other CI funds and we plan to make it available to accredited investors later this year. We believe this solution will extend our leadership in this increasingly important segment.

## TRANSFORMING OUR OPERATIONS

The strategic priority of modernizing our business also applies to our operations, and here we have continued to make great strides. CI initiated its digital transformation strategy in 2019 and it has resulted in cost savings and value for clients. This work was recognized in 2022 with a Digital Transformation Award (Large Private Sector Category) from ITWC.

Also in 2022, we entered into a strategic partnership with CGI, a global business consulting firm, under which CGI will manage our transfer agency and related services the technology, operations and client services functions that involve the record-keeping and client support for CI's conventional mutual funds. CGI, which has deep expertise in this field, is working to provide CI with a modernized, leading-edge transfer agency platform with expanded capabilities, which will result in enhanced services and support for our advisor and investor clients. As part of the agreement, CI's transfer agency employees were offered equivalent employment.

We have made exceptional strategic progress in our asset management business and are well positioned for continued gains in investment performance, net flows and market share.

## CANADIAN WEALTH MANAGEMENT

CI's Canadian wealth management business had another highly successful year despite the turbulent environment, with net inflows of $4.3 billion for the period. These results are a testament to the expertise of our advisor teams and employees and the exceptional value they provide to clients. In challenging markets, investors seek out the most qualified and credible companies and the quality of our firms is second to none.

CI today has the enviable ability to seamlessly serve clients across the full spectrum of affluence and delivery models, from do-it-yourself investors to the wealthiest families. With the addition of Northwood Family Office in April 2022, the CI group gained Canada's foremost multi-family office, greatly strengthening our position in the ultra-high-net-worth segment. Northwood has a sterling global reputation, being ranked as the No. 1 multi-family office in Canada in the 2022 Euromoney Private Banking and Wealth Management survey. With Northwood and CI Private Wealth (Canada), we have an impressive roster of talent to meet the distinct needs of ultra-high-networth clients.

## BUILDING A UNIFIED PLATFORM

As noted earlier, in 2022 we changed the management structure of Canadian wealth management to improve the advisor and client experience and promote continued growth. Sean Etherington, President of Assante, and Christopher Enright, President of Aligned Capital Partners, were named Co-Heads of Canadian Wealth Management with a mandate to build a single industry-leading wealth platform that will support the distinct business model of each channel. This change has streamlined decision making and allowed us to integrate our advisor recruiting efforts, consolidate technology and discontinue redundant systems.

A central part of this new framework is the use of technology throughout our operations to modernize our processes and enhance our services. Here are just a few examples: the expansion of Assante's discretionary platform, automation of certain backoffice tasks, and adopting a digital solution for account openings and updates. As part of our commitment to this strategy, we appointed our first Chief Technology Officer for Canadian Wealth to oversee these efforts.

Our strategic priority of expanding wealth management extends across our family of firms - we have also made significant investments to grow the custody and clearing business at CI Investment Services ('CIIS'). We expect to finalize the transfer of over $14 billion of client assets at Aligned Capital to CIIS later this year in what will be one of the largest-ever custody conversions in Canadian wealth management. Once that transfer is completed, CIIS will have over $20 billion of assets on its custody platform, with the capacity to administer tens of billions in additional assets.

This capability presents a meaningful competitive advantage for us. By using CIIS as custodian for our wealth management business, we can manage and improve the experience for advisors, as well as generate new fee revenue. We also believe there is great potential to onboard other firms and expand this business considerably.

With these initiatives, we are building on an already strong position in Canadian wealth management and we look forward to even greater success in the coming years.

## U.S. WEALTH MANAGEMENT

We have made tremendous progress towards our goal of becoming the leading private wealth firm in the United States. In just three years, we have built one of the nation's largest registered investment advisor ('RIA') firms with $180.6 billion in assets at December 31, 2022. Assets grew by 19% during the year, due to acquisitions and exceptional organic growth, with the business attracting net inflows of $6.6 billion.

It's important to note that the U.S. wealth business is distinctly different from the Canadian wealth management industry, as its higher margins are more in line with what we see in asset management.

In 2022, we acquired five RIAs, all high-quality teams that share CI Private Wealth's focus on meeting the complex needs of ultra-high-net-worth individuals and families through comprehensive wealth management services. They included:

-    Corient Capital Partners, LLC , of Newport Beach, California, which now operates as CI Corient Private Wealth.
- The Boston-based team and assets of Eaton Vance WaterOak Advisors (formerly Eaton Vance Investment Counsel), which is now CI Eaton Private Wealth.
-    Galapagos Partners, LP , a multi-family office based in Houston. It has been rebranded CI Galapagos Private Wealth.
- Kore Private Wealth, LLC , of New York City, which now operates as CI Kore Private Wealth
- Inverness Counsel, LLC , also of New York City, which has been rebranded CI Inverness Private Wealth.

Achieving $6.6 billion in inflows during a time of severe market volatility is extraordinary. Our advisor teams provide a high level of service excellence that has earned the loyalty and trust of our clients.

## CREATING A UNIQUE BUSINESS MODEL

It also reflects the benefits of the unique integrated business model we have developed for CI Private Wealth ('CIPW'), which fosters strategic, cultural and financial alignment across the organization. It is fundamentally different than other public wealth management structures, which are typically platforms where individual advisors share a common brand, technology and real estate, or are financial investors or aggregators taking stakes in multiple firms.

Crucial to our model is the partnership we established in January 2022, in which certain employees of CIPW and its affiliates own equity in the RIA business while CI has retained majority ownership. By holding equity in the larger, national business, CIPW partners are incentivized to grow and enhance the firm as whole. The ability to offer equity in the partnership is also a powerful influence in recruiting and retaining talent.

This structure also facilitates acquisitions by allowing RIA owners who share our vision of building a leading national wealth management firm to exchange ownership in their firm for equity in the larger business.

The integration of our U.S. business has proceeded apace. The head office in Miami is fully staffed and we have an extremely capable and experienced Chief Operating Officer in Lennie Gullan to oversee CIPW's daily business operations, trading and technology. All non-client-facing or supporting functions have been centralized, including finance, legal, compliance, technology, marketing and human resources.

To realize further synergies, we have renegotiated or are in the process of renegotiating vendor agreements and are planning to consolidate our office space in those cities with multiple offices. Our local offices are all co-branded with CI and we expect to make a full transition to a unified brand at a later date. We have also introduced new services to benefit our clients, such as impact investing capabilities, tax preparation, and corporate trustee services.

## REALIZING SHAREHOLDER VALUE

We first announced our plans to sell a portion of our U.S. subsidiary, CI US Holdings Inc. ('CI US') through an initial public offering in April 2022. We believe that the success of our U.S. wealth management business is not recognized in our share price and that an IPO would realize this value for shareholders.

In December, CI US confidentially submitted a draft registration statement on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC'), relating to the proposed IPO of CI US common stock. At the time of writing, we continue to work on this process.

CI voluntarily delisted its shares from the New York Stock Exchange in January 2023 and now trades exclusively on the Toronto Stock Exchange. We expect CI US would trade exclusively on a U.S. exchange following an IPO, with CI remaining the majority owner.

We are very confident our U.S. business has a bright future. Our unique business model has allowed us to deliver exceptional growth rates and profit margins.

## FINANCIAL RESULTS

CI's financial performance in 2022 was exceptional, given a market environment that saw double-digit declines in most global stock and bond indexes. This reflects the strategic transformation of our business, which has resulted in a larger company with more diversified sources of revenues and earnings. Wealth management businesses in both Canada and the U.S. are now making significant contributions to the firm's profitability.

Here are a few highlights of our 2022 results 1 :

- Adjusted EPS was $3.10, the second-best result in our history and just 1% lower than the previous year's $3.14 and 27% higher than 2020's EPS of $2.45. Basic EPS was $1.58 in 2022, $2.02 in 2021, and $2.21 in 2020.
- Total net revenues were $2.3 billion, versus $2.2 billion in 2021.
- Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) was at the same level as the prior year, at $1.0 billion. On a non-adjusted basis, EBITDA was $786.0 million, compared to $794.7 billion in 2021.
- Free cash flow was $687.4 million, essentially unchanged from 2021, while operating cash flow was $564.5 million in 2022, compared to $650.2 million the year before.
- CI's total assets at year-end were $375.8 billion, compared to $376.2 billion at December 31, 2021. Record inflows of $10.9 billion in Canadian and U.S. wealth management, along with acquisitions, helped to offset general market declines and outflows in asset management.

## CAPITAL ALLOCATION

We maintain a dynamic approach to capital allocation, using our considerable cash flow to finance multiple priorities, including acquisitions and other investments in transforming the business, as well as returning money to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.

In 2022, we paid $137.4 million in dividends at a rate of $0.72 per share, and repurchased 14.2 million shares at a total cost of $232.0 million. We will seek to repurchase shares as long as our stock price is disconnected from the inherent value of our business. Our share buybacks have had a significant impact, reducing the number of outstanding shares by more than 59.2 million or 24% over the last four years. There were 184.5 million shares outstanding at December 31, 2022.

We also took advantage of the low interest rate environment of prior years to lock in longer-term financing at favourable rates, giving CI a very attractive debt profile. At December 31, 2022, our debt had a weighted average maturity of 11.5 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.1%, while 92% of the debt was at a fixed interest rate and free of financial covenants.

## COMMITMENT TO EMPLOYEES

I'm especially proud of our commitment to our employees' growth and development, which we see as critical to fostering a high-performance workplace. Since the start of the pandemic, we have bolstered our support for employees with an increased emphasis on mental health and wellness and an expanded diversity and inclusion program.

Our longstanding focus on an inclusive culture has resulted in CI having one of the most diverse workforces in our industry. Approximately 40% of our total workforce identify as minorities and 43% of our C-suite level executives are women. At the executive level, 40% of positions are held by women.

This success was recently recognized through two third-party programs. CI was named a Greater Toronto Top Employer for 2023 in a competitive selection process that cited our commitment to professional development, our highly diverse and inclusive culture, and our investment in employee wellness and care. CI was also named to the 2023 Report on Business magazine's Women Lead Here list, which recognizes leading Canadian businesses with the greatest female representation in their executive ranks. Only 90 companies out of more than 500 large public Canadian companies achieved this ranking from the magazine.

CI also received the Great Place to Work® certification in 2022 and was named to the 2022 list of Canada's Best Workplaces for Hybrid Work.

We believe this support has contributed to the outstanding performance of our employees over the last three years. Despite the pandemic and last year's challenging markets, we have continued to provide excellent service to our clients and execute well on our strategic priorities. I thank our employees for their dedication and hard work.

For more information on our commitment to employees, please see the Corporate Social Responsibility section of this Annual Report.

## OUTLOOK

Capital markets staged a modest recovery in the first quarter of 2023. However, financial stocks, including CI, have lagged the broader market following the collapse in March of two large U.S. regional banks and the forced takeover of Credit Suisse by rival UBS. CI's total assets were $391.1 billion at March 31, 2023, an increase of 4% from year-end.

Uncertainty remains high as investors consider the prospects of an economic recession, the strength of inflation and whether central banks will continue to raise interest rates.

At CI, we will continue to focus on what we can control - and that is the operation or our business and the execution of our strategic priorities. On that score, we have made tremendous gains over the last three years. Not only are we very well positioned to benefit from a market recovery, but we also have an ambitious agenda ahead to continue to enhance and grow our business. I am very confident we will continue to deliver results.

Sincerely,

<!-- image -->

Kurt MacAlpine Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2023

<!-- image -->

1 Adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow are not standardized measures prescribed by IFRS. Descriptions of these measures are provided in the 'Non-IFRS Measures' section starting on page 6 of the attached Financial Report dated December 31, 2022.

## SUBSIDIARY PROFILES

## ASSET MANAGEMENT

<!-- image -->

## CI GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT

CI Global Asset Management ('CI GAM') is one of Canada's largest investment management companies with global scale and capabilities. We are proud to partner with financial advisors to serve approximately 1.4 million investors across the country. We also provide investment services to pension funds, foundations and other institutional investors through a dedicated institutional group. CI GAM had approximately $117.1 billion in assets under management as at March 31, 2023.

We offer a comprehensive selection of effective investment solutions, including mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, segregated funds, managed solutions and alternative investments. Our product lineup spans a wide range of investment disciplines and mandates covering various geographic regions, asset classes and industries.

As we have modernized our asset management business over the past three years, CI GAM has become a leader in product innovation. Examples include mandates for cryptocurrency, liquid alternatives, private markets, environmental, social and governance (ESG), commodities, thematic ETFs, and an expansion of our offerings in covered call funds and actively managed ETFs.

CI GAM has also modernized its portfolio management, building an integrated, global, institutional-grade investment platform. We employ diversity of thought, collaboration, well-defined investment disciplines, asset class expertise and in-depth research to deliver the best possible outcomes for our clients. The CI GAM investment team consists of more than 100 investment professionals with extensive expertise on a global basis.

As a signatory of the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment and an associate member of Canada's Responsible Investment Association, CI GAM integrates ESG screens into its investment process.

CI GAM has continued to receive extensive industry recognition for investment performance, and was the recipient of 39 FundGrade A+® Awards and 14 Refinitiv Canada Lipper Fund Awards for 2022.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## GFSM PTY LIMITED

GSFM, which does business as GSFM Funds Management, is a leading manager and distributor of investment funds to institutional and retail investors in Australia. The firm was founded in 2007 and today manages approximately $7.6 billion in assets (as at March 31, 2023).

GSFM partners with high-calibre investment managers in Australia and globally to offer unique investment strategies to the Australian market. We have relationships with six investment managers New York-based Epoch Investment Partners, Los Angeles-based Payden &amp; Rygel, London-based Man Group, and Australian managers Munro Partners, Tribeca Investment Partners and Tanarra Credit Partners. Each offers a differentiated investment strategy in their specialist asset classes. These mandates span Australian equities, global equities, fixed income, and alternatives.

CI Financial owns a majority interest in GSFM and GSFM executives hold a minority equity stake.

## CANADIAN WEALTH MANAGEMENT

CI's Canadian wealth management platform administers $81.6 billion (as at March 31, 2023) in assets across the full spectrum of advice channels and client complexity. As one of Canada's largest wealth managers, we are leveraging our scale to drive innovation and enhance the client experience across our businesses.

<!-- image -->

## CI ASSANTE WEALTH MANAGEMENT

CI Assante Wealth Management ('Assante') is one of Canada's largest wealth management firms, supporting 550 practices in the delivery of complete financial advice for affluent Canadian families, business owners and professionals. Assante's services are offered through Assante Capital Management, an investment dealer, and Assante Financial Management, a mutual fund dealer. Assante advisors also have exclusive access to Assante Private Client, a division of CI Private Counsel, for high-net-worth investment management and holistic advice services.

Assante recorded its second-best year of net inflows in 2022, despite the volatile market backdrop. This reflects the value of our services and the strength of our relationships with clients. Assets under advisement were $52.4 billion as at March 31, 2023.

Our success is closely linked to the close partnerships we have developed with our advisor network and our goal of delivering an industry-leading advisor and client experience.

Backed by a wealth of resources, including investment analysts, portfolio managers, tax lawyers, accountants, estate planning and insurance specialists and wealth planners, our advisors provide a comprehensive and integrated approach to wealth management.

<!-- image -->

## ALIGNED CAPITAL PARTNERS

Aligned Capital Partners Inc. ('ACPI') supports a network of over 260 advisor teams across Canada. CI holds a majority interest in the firm.

ACPI is one of the fastest-growing, progressive securities dealers in the country. Its assets reached a record $16.7 billion as at March 31, 2023.

Our success flows from a solid foundation and an adaptive digital platform. Unique to the industry, ACPI was founded on the principle that Canadian financial advisors should have the freedom to run their businesses independently while being supported by an unconflicted dealer platform. The end goal for both: a better, more customized investor experience and ultimately a better outcome for investors.

In its evolution, ACPI has become an industry leader on several fronts. First by recognizing the need for change and challenging the status quo, then by inciting that change not just on a platform level, but also on a wider industry level. Innovation is at the core of the ACPI initiative. A large part of that is developing a fully integrated digital ecosystem designed to grow and support both the company's business and our advisor partners' businesses, while at the same time remaining flexible enough to meet the demands of technological advancements as they come into play.

The next phase of the evolution of this back office platform will see the Aligned 360 ecosystem fully integrated into CI's proprietary custody and clearing platform. This transformation is scheduled to be completed in July 2023.

<!-- image -->

## CI PRIVATE WEALTH - CANADA

CI Private Wealth ('CIPW Canada') is a full-service wealth management firm that offers a highly personalized experience tailored to the financial goals, unique needs and evolving priorities of high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth individuals, business owners and families. It combines the benefits of a boutique client experience, one guided by the fiduciary standard and principle of always placing client interests first, supported by the strength, size and scale of being part of CI Financial. CIPW Canada offers an unrivalled experience that combines discretionary investment management and comprehensive wealth planning, including sophisticated financial planning, retirement planning, estate and legacy planning, and tax strategies for individuals, businesses and multigenerational families.

Supporting our advisory teams across Canada in the delivery of an integrated client experience is a robust, multi-disciplinary team of experts - including lawyers, accountants, Certified Financial Planners, Certified Financial Analysts, MBAs and other professionals. They are all part of a dedicated client service team that is available to help plan, provide guidance, and answer technical questions that may impact our clients be they business owners contemplating transition, professionals and executives looking to mitigate tax, individuals working through a divorce, who've inherited money or dealing with other life events.

CIPW is a division of CI Private Counsel LP ('CIPC'), which also manages the Assante Private Client Program. CIPC's assets stood at $8.5 billion at March 31, 2023.

<!-- image -->

## NORTHWOOD FAMILY OFFICE

Northwood Family Office Ltd. was founded in 2003 and has become Canada's leading multi-family office. It manages and co-ordinates the integrated financial, investment and personal affairs of wealthy Canadian and global families with $10 million to $1+ billion in family net worth.

Northwood manages approximately $2.5 billion of investment assets and $9 billion of family net worth on behalf of clients who include entrepreneurs, senior corporate executives, charitable and family foundations, and other ultra-high-net-worth individuals and families. We help our clients sustain and grow financial and human capital across the generations.

In 2022, Northwood achieved the prestigious distinction of being named the #1 Family Office in Canada in the Euromoney Private Banking and Wealth Management Survey. The firm was also ranked the #1 Family Office in Canada from 2016 to 2021.

<!-- image -->

## CI DIRECT INVESTING

CI Direct Investing is the umbrella brand for CI's online investment platforms: CI Direct Investing and CI Direct Trading.

CI Direct Investing gives Canadians a convenient and affordable way to build a brighter financial future, whether they're starting with $1,000 or $1 million. We make it easy to build one's financial future with online savings and investing tools, and financial advice.

CI Direct Investing offers a 'hybrid model' that combines technology with professional advice for a personalized experience. Through its online platform, investors can access a mix of investment portfolios, including ETF, Impact, and Private portfolios. Investors also have the option to invest in high interest saving accounts.

CI Direct Trading , formerly Virtual Brokers, is designed for self-directed retail traders and offers a selection of innovative trading platforms and a variety of investment programs and account types.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CI INVESTMENT SERVICES

CI Investment Services ('CIIS') is a Canadian financial technology company and registered investment dealer that provides a wide range of innovative brokerage and trading services to a diverse client base of portfolio managers, broker dealers, and institutional investors.

The services CIIS offers include clearing, custody, settlement and trade execution services for all investment types. CI is currently expanding the CIIS custody and clearing functions to serve as the foundation of an integrated platform supporting CI's Canadian wealth management business.

## U.S. WEALTH MANAGEMENT

CI's U.S. Wealth Management segment manages $187.5 billion in client assets (as at March 31, 2023) from offices across the U.S. and its headquarters in Miami. Its primary business is CIPW Holdings, LLC, which operates as CI Private Wealth ('CIPW').

CIPW is an integrated wealth management business focused on providing comprehensive wealth management solutions to affluent and wealthy individuals, families and institutions. We combine the personal service, creativity and objective advice of a boutique with the extensive resources and intellectual capital of an innovative industry leader to provide a profoundly different wealth management experience.

CI entered the U.S. in 2020 with the goal of building the leading private wealth management firm in the United States. Today, after three years of rapid growth, CIPW is one of the largest integrated registered investment advisor ('RIA') firms in the country. We have achieved this success by developing and executing a highly differentiated strategy in our market that has included acquisitions of high-quality RIAs, achieving strong organic growth in the acquired firms, and by providing a comprehensive and integrated fiduciarybased client experience.

We understand and accommodate the distinct needs of ultra-high-net-worth and high-net worth clients. In addition to our core wealth management, financial planning and customized investment management services, we provide numerous complementary services to provide a holistic solution. These services may include estate and retirement planning, corporate trustee services, business succession planning, family office services, values-aligned investing, tax services and concierge services. CIPW is also leveraging its size and scale to provide enhanced access to alternative investments, which can provide valuable portfolio diversification benefits to our clients.

CIPW is further distinguished by its unique partnership model, which we believe underpins our ability to outperform peers in growth and profit margin. This model, in which certain CIPW advisors and employees receive equity in the overall business, incentivizes partners to collaborate in enhancing the growth and profitability of the overall firm. It also helps to position CIPW as the industry acquiror of choice, as we can offer equity participation in a larger, growing business, and it serves to attract and retain the best talent in the industry.

CI's U.S. Wealth Management segment also includes Segall Bryant &amp; Hamill, LLC, an institutional asset manager and wealth management firm, as well as strategic minority stakes in alternative asset managers Columbia Pacific Advisors, LLC and GLASfunds, LLC.

## CI'S U.S. LOCATIONS

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

CI strives to operate with responsibility and integrity in all aspects of our business. We are committed to ethical behavior and good governance, treating our clients and business partners with respect, investing responsibly, supporting our communities, and minimizing our impact on the environment. We emphasize a people-first culture that provides our employees with an inclusive and engaging environment to drive high performance. This report highlights some of our initiatives and achievements in key areas.

## GOVERNANCE PROVIDING OVERSIGHT AND CONTROLS

Strong governance is embedded in the practices and policies of CI. This starts with the Board of Directors, of which seven of the eight members are independent, and extends through the executive leadership team that manages CI on a day-to-day basis.

The Board and the executive team have strong controls and oversight around enterprise risk management, strategic planning, financial information and reporting, succession planning, investor relations, integrity and ethics, share ownership, and human capital, among other areas. The Board, as part of its oversight, has two standing committees: the Audit and Risk Committee, and the Governance, Human Resources and Compensation Committee.

As part of its governance mandate, the Board believes that diversity on the Board and in management leads to a stronger, more resilient and better-performing company, and established a Board Gender Diversity Policy with the ultimate goal of having a composition of the Board where self-identified men or women each represents: at least two directors on a Board of seven or fewer members; or, at least 30% of the directors on a Board of more than seven members.

In addition, CI executives and the Board annually approve updated policies that set expectations clearly and hold everyone at CI accountable for their actions, including:

- Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
- CI Code of Conduct
- Insider Trading Policy
- Whistleblower Policy.

## RESPONSIBLE INVESTING OUR FIDUCIARY DUTY TO CLIENTS

CI Global Asset Management ('CI GAM') is a signatory to the United Nations' Principles for Responsible Investment ('UNPRI'), which was developed by an international group of institutional investors to reflect the increasing relevance of environmental, social and corporate governance ('ESG') issues to investment practices.

UNPRI works to understand the investment implications of ESG factors and to support its international network of investor signatories in incorporating these factors into their investment and ownership decisions. As a signatory since 2016, CI GAM has, amongst other principles, committed to incorporate ESG factors into its investment analysis, decision-making processes and ownership practices.

CI GAM believes that the consideration of material ESG factors alongside traditional and non-traditional factors in its analysis and portfolio construction can help mitigate risk and enhance a portfolio's risk-adjusted returns. By integrating the consideration of all risks, including ESG, we seek to gain a more accurate view of our investments. Examples of issuers with strong ESG performance are:

-    Environmental: Issuers with solid operating track records with efficient use of resources (e.g., water/waste), protection of biodiversity, without environmental lapses, resilient to climate change, and positioned to leverage opportunities in energy transition.
-    Social: Issuers that respect human rights and labour standards, have strong diversity practices, safe and decent working conditions, responsible sourcing/supply chains, invest in employee training, and protect personal privacy.
-    Governance: Issuers with strong business ethics and corporate governance (board structure, executive pay, accounting practices) that ensure protection of shareholder rights.

CI GAM's Responsible Investing Policy and ESG Guidelines , updated in early 2023, direct our investment professionals and inform our process. The governance of our responsible investing practice rests with the newly formed Responsible Investing Forum , which handles related strategic, structural and controversial decisions. It is chaired by the Chief Investment Officer and comprises the heads of asset classes, risk, and the Head of Responsible Investing hired in 2022. In addition to enhancements to our responsible investment process, CI GAM also launched two new ESG-branded funds in 2022: CI Global Sustainable Infrastructure Fund and CI Global Green Bond Fund.

<!-- image -->

## PEOPLE FIRST BUILDING AN ENTREPRENEURIAL, HIGH-PERFORMING AND COLLABORATIVE CULTURE

We are deliberate in fostering an environment that enables employees to reach their fullest potential and bring their expertise, creativity, persistence, curiosity and commitment to CI. It is our people who are the engine behind the execution and realization of our business strategy and serve as the heart of our high-performance, talent-rich culture.

Our people strategy consists of three major components:

- Competitive rewards, pay for performance philosophy and a robust benefits plan focused on employee wellness
- Meaningful learning and development opportunities that encourage and reward personal and professional growth, and
- A diverse, inclusive and engaging workplace in which talented people with a range of backgrounds and experiences can collaborate in a team-oriented environment.

## MEANINGFUL AND COMPETITIVE TOTAL REWARDS

At CI, we thrive in a pay-for-performance culture, in which exceptional performance is rewarded on a commensurate basis. This results-oriented environment is sustained through a commitment to employee wellness, financial resilience and inclusion. Our commitment to wellness is underscored by our belief that employees who are healthy and supported are best equipped to deliver service to our clients, both internal and external.

Our competitive benefits are fully funded from day one for new hires, and we continuously enhance our resources and programs based on employee feedback and needs. For instance, we made several significant investments in benefits related to the pandemic to facilitate employees working more productively from home, supplement mental health support, and encourage continued staff interaction.

We have a long-standing philosophy that employees should be shareholders with a stake in the collective future of CI. We award each employee shares or restricted share units (RSUs) annually, and they are offered the opportunity to purchase additional shares with an additional contribution by the Corporation through the Employee Share Purchase Plan.

Our total rewards program is constructed and evaluated comprehensively, ensuring that we have programs and resources that support employees and their families across all facets of wellness.

Lastly, we value long-term contributions and impact. CI offers a premier service recognition award of a $10,000 vacation and an additional week of paid time off to employees who reach a 20-year tenure milestone.

## MEANINGFUL GROWTH AND DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES

Building a meaningful career and talent pipeline requires thoughtful planning and investment. We are intentional about providing both the right environment for learning and development - backed by senior leadership - and the right programs. We then empower employees to 'own' their development.

The centre of our talent and performance management ecosystem is an enterprise-wide platform that employees and managers utilize on an ongoing basis. Feedback is not viewed as a one-time event; rather, it is designed to engage employees, understand their workstyles, build on their strengths, and create a collaborative team environment. Check-ins happen frequently, allowing for constant communication and creating trust and partnership between employees and managers.

Building on our philosophy of ongoing engagement and development, we also have four key development programs for employees: mentoring; people manager development; tuition and professional development cost reimbursement; and learning and development courses and cost reimbursement.

<!-- image -->

## DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE

CI's Diversity Statement serves as the way we will treat others and expect to be treated.

| ## AUTHENTIC  Employees can bring their full selves to work and express aspects of themselves that may be different from their peers.  TRUSTED  Employees make meaningful contributions  and are influential in decision-making.  ## VALUED  Employees are appreciated and respected  for their unique perspectives and talents.  ## PSYCHOLOGICALLY SAFE  Employees feel free to hold differing views and make mistakes without being penalized and secure enough to address tough issues or take risks.  DIVERSITY STATEMENT   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our history of making decisions based on talent-first and then enabling them to prosper and develop has strengthened the diversity of our senior ranks. Accordingly, 13 executive officers of the Corporation, including its major subsidiaries, identify as women, or 43% of such executive officers. Moreover, 44% of all senior vice-presidents and above identify as a person of colour.

We are pleased to be recognized by the Report on Business on its Women Lead Here list, which identifies those publicly traded companies in Canada with the greatest representation of women in their executive ranks.

We accelerate our commitment to diversity through a variety of means. CI's Diversity and Inclusion Committee focuses on four key pillars: Policy, Education, Celebration and Awareness. Furthermore, senior leaders serve as champions for multiple Employee Resource Groups, amplifying employee voices and promoting inclusive practices at all levels of the organization.

2023 TOP EMPLOYER

Greater Toronto's Top Employers (Mediacorp Canada)

DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION AWARD

IT World Canada Large Private Sector category

5-STAR WEALTH TECH PROVIDER (CI DIRECT INVESTING)

Wealth Professional Canada

CANADA'S BEST WOR/K.alt.capPLACES FOR HYBRID WOR/K.alt.cap

Great Place to Work®

2023 WOMEN LEAD HERE List

Globe &amp; Mail Report on Business

<!-- image -->

## SUPPORT FOR EMPLOYEES' GIVING

Our employees give their time, dollars and energy to many organizations to make a difference, and we support them in several ways: providing some paid time off; matching contributions; and networking, internships and learning sessions.

## AREAS OF CORPORATE SUPPORT

In the last five years, CI has made a significant investment in our communities, through leadership, time and financial support. Through our corporate philanthropy, we strive to make a meaningful impact in key areas of need while aligning to our values: investing in our future, supporting community well-being and creating a more inclusive society.

## ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY STRIVING FOR ENERGY EFFICIENCY

CI acknowledges the importance of climate change issues, and to operating in a manner that contributes to sustainability.

Several recent examples of environmentally friendly initiatives CI has undertaken include:

- Since the beginning of 2021, 24 million pages of printed paper have been eliminated by providing clients with digital statements.
- Another 23 million pages of printed paper have been eliminated by using electronic signature software for contracts and agreements.
- Toronto office space was consolidated into a single, LEED-certified building, reducing energy consumption; the building is located close to the subway, facilitating the use of public transit.
- Instituting environmentally sensible office practices, including a multi-stream recycling program, purchasing non-disposable catering equipment, and installing low-energy lighting.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## HEAD OFFICE

15 York Street, Second Floor Toronto, Ontario M5J 0A3 416.364.1145 1.800.268.9374  Toll-Free cifinancial.com

## INVESTOR RELATIONS

JASON WEYENETH Vice-President, Investor Relations &amp; Strategy 416.681.8779 1.800.268.9374  Toll-Free jweyeneth@ci.com

## NORMAL COURSE ISSUER BID

Effective June 20, 2022, the Toronto Stock Exchange (the 'TSX') accepted CI Financial's notice of intention to commence a normal course issuer bid. Under the bid, CI may purchase up to 16,828,703 of its shares at the prevailing market price. Common shares may be purchased by CI or purchased by a trustee to satisfy obligations under equity-based compensation plans for CI. All common shares purchased by CI (but not those purchased by such a trustee) will be cancelled. Purchases under the bid will terminate on June 19, 2023, or on such earlier date as CI completes its purchases or provides notice of termination. As of March 31, 2023, CI has acquired an aggregate of 6,163,293 shares under the normal course issuer bid at an average price of $14.18 per share. Shareholders may obtain a copy of the Notice, without charge, by contacting the Corporate Secretary of CI. The Corporation intends to renew its Normal Course Issuer Bid effective June 20, 2023, subject to receipt of approval from the TSX.

## DIGITAL REPORT

This Annual Report can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of CI's website under 'Financials.'

## ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held at 2 p.m. EDT on June 27, 2023. The meeting will be held in a virtual-only format by way of live audio webcast. Instructions on how to access the webcast and vote at the virtual meeting will be posted to the Investor Relations section of www.cifinancial.com.

## TRADING SYMBOL

CI Financial trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol 'CIX' .

## AUDITORS

ERNST &amp; YOUNG LLP Chartered Accountants 100 Adelaide Street West Toronto, Ontario M5H 0B3

## REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT

COMPUTERSHARE INVESTOR SERVICES INC. 8th Floor, 100 University Avenue

Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1

1.800.564.6253

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY N.A. 462 South 4th Street Louisville, Kentucky USA 40202

1.800.962.4284

<!-- image -->

## QUARTERLY FINANCIAL REPORT Q4 | 2022

DECEMBER 31, 2022

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

01- Management's Discussion and Analysis 49- Consolidated Financial Statements 61- Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

## Management's Discussion and Analysis

DECEMBER 31, 2022

## CI FINANCIAL CORP.

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

This	Management's	Discussion	and	Analysis	('MD&amp;A')	dated	March	13,	2023,	presents	an	analysis	of	the	financial	position	of CI	Financial	Corp.	and	its	subsidiaries	('CI')	as	at	December	31,	2022,	compared	with	December	31,	2021,	and	the	results	of operations	for	the	quarter	and	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	compared	with	the	quarter	and	year	ended	December	31, 2021	and	the	quarter	ended	September	30,	2022.

This	MD&amp;A	contains	forward-looking	statements	concerning	anticipated	future	events,	results,	circumstances,	performance	or expectations	 with	 respect	 to	 CI	 and	 its	 products	 and	 services,	 including	 its	 business	 operations,	 strategy	 and	 financial performance	 and	 condition.	 Forward-looking	 statements	 are	 typically	 identified	 by	 words	 such	 as	 'believe',	 'expect', 'foresee',	'forecast',	'anticipate',	'intend',	'estimate',	'goal',	'plan'	and	'project'	and	similar	references	to	future	periods, or	conditional	verbs	such	as	'will',	'may',	'should',	'could'	or	'would'.	These	statements	are	not	historical	facts	but	instead represent	management	beliefs	regarding	future	events,	many	of	which	by	their	nature	are	inherently	uncertain	and	beyond management's	control.		Although	management	believes	that	the	expectations	reflected	in	such	forward-looking	statements are	based	on	reasonable	assumptions,	such	statements	involve	risks	and	uncertainties.	The	material	factors	and	assumptions applied	in	reaching	the	conclusions	contained	in	these	forward-looking	statements	include	that	the	investment	fund	industry and	wealth	management	industry	will	remain	stable	and	that	interest	rates	will	remain	relatively	stable.		Factors	that	could cause	 actual	 results	 to	 differ	 materially	 from	 expectations	 include,	 among	 other	 things,	 general	 economic	 and	 market conditions,	including	interest	and	foreign	exchange	rates,	global	financial	markets,	the	impact	of	the	coronavirus	pandemic, changes	 in	 government	 regulations	 or	 in	 tax	 laws,	 industry	 competition,	 technological	 developments	 and	 other	 factors described	or	discussed	in	CI's	disclosure	materials	filed	with	applicable	securities	regulatory	authorities	from	time	to	time.

The	foregoing	list	is	not	exhaustive	and	the	reader	is	cautioned	to	consider	these	and	other	factors	carefully	and	not	to	place undue	 reliance	 on	 forward-looking	 statements.	 Other	 than	 as	 specifically	 required	 by	 applicable	 law,	 CI	 undertakes	 no obligation	 to	 update	 or	 alter	 any	 forward-looking	 statement	 after	 the	 date	 on	 which	 it	 is	 made,	 whether	 to	 reflect	 new information,	future	events	or	otherwise.

## BUSINESS	OVERVIEW

We	are	a	diversified	global	asset	and	wealth	management	firm	operating	in	Canada,	the	United	States	and	Australia.		Our business	is	the	management,	marketing,	distribution	and	administration	of	investment	products	for	Canadian	and	Australian investors,	as	well	as	providing	financial	advice,	tax,	retirement,	estate	and	wealth	planning	services	in	the	U.S.	and	Canada. Effective	January	1,	2022,	we	operate	in	three	reportable	segments:

- The	Asset	Management	segment	includes	the	results	of	our	asset	management	business	in	Canada,	which	operates under	 the	 brand	 CI	 Global	 Asset	 Management,	 in	 addition	 to	 GSFM	 Funds	 Management,	 our	 asset	 management business	in	Australia.
- The	Canada	Wealth	Management	segment	includes	the	results	of	our	wealth	management	operations	in	Canada, which	operate	under	the	brands	Assante	Wealth	Management,	CI	Private	Wealth,	CI	Investment	Services,	CI	Direct Investing,	Aligned	Capital	Partners,	and	Northwood	Family	Office.
- The	 U.S.	 Wealth	 Management	 segment	 comprises	 wealth	 management	 businesses	 operating	 across	 the	 United States	as	affiliates	of	CI	Private	Wealth,	in	addition	to	strategic	investments	in	alternative	investment	providers.

## SUMMARY	FINANCIAL	AND	OPERATING	HIGHLIGHTS

## TABLE	1:	FINANCIAL	AND	OPERATING	HIGHLIGHTS

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	share	amounts]  As	of	and	for	the	quarters	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Jun.	30,	2022  Mar.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Total	AUM	and	Client	Assets:  Asset	Management	AUM  117,753  114,196  116,065  136,271  144,247  Canada	Wealth	Management	assets  77,421  73,976  74,128  78,957  80,633  U.S.	Wealth	Management	assets  180,579  149,841  143,520  145,768  151,339  Total	assets  375,753  338,014  333,712  360,996  376,219  Asset	Management	Net	Inflows:  Retail  1,621  640  (381)  (861)  142  Institutional  (195)  (21)  (3,203)  (264)  (331)  Australia  12  (377)  (122)  (305)  82  Closed	Business  (169)  (129)  (160)  (203)  (195)  U.S.	Asset	Management  595  (38)  (195)  402  260  Total  1,864  75  (4,060)  (1,231)  (42)  IFRS	Results  Net	income	attributable	to	shareholders  (9.5)  14.9  156.2  138.1  123.7  Diluted	earnings	per	share  (0.05)  0.08  0.81  0.70  0.62  Pretax	income  33.6  37.8  219.0  185.8  175.1  Pretax	margin  5.4	 %  7.4	 %  38.6	 %  29.3	 %  28.3	 %  Operating	cash	flow	before	the	change	in	operating  assets	and	liabilities  150.9  64.8  141.2  207.7  179.2  Adjusted	Results  Adjusted	net	income  135.9  135.9  149.1  166.8  171.0  Adjusted	diluted	earnings	per	share  0.74  0.73  0.78  0.85  0.86  Adjusted	EBITDA  242.7  237.5  251.0  272.9  277.2  Adjusted	EBITDA	margin  42.4	 %  43.0	 %  44.5	 %  46.5	 %  47.7	 %  Free	cash	flow  157.9  151.5  176.4  201.6  187.1  Average	shares	outstanding  183,666,579  185,601,752  191,151,896  196,111,771  196,816,227  Ending	shares	outstanding  184,517,832  183,526,499  189,037,762  192,987,082  197,422,270  Total	debt  4,216  3,949  3,688  3,530  3,776  Net	debt  4,059  3,730  3,538  3,352  3,453  Net	debt	to	adjusted	EBITDA  4.2  4.0  3.5  3.0  3.1   |
|---|

## ASSET	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT	OVERVIEW

The	 Asset	 Management	 segment	 provides	 the	 majority	 of	 our	 earnings	 and	 generates	 revenues	 principally	 from	 the	 fees earned	on	the	management	of	investment	funds	and	other	fee-earning	investment	products.	We	use	in-house	teams	and external	 investment	 managers	 to	 provide	 portfolio	 management	 services.	 These	 investment	 managers	 typically	 have	 long careers	 in	 the	 industry	 as	 well	 as	 extensive	 track	 records	 with	 us.	 This	 lineup	 of	 investment	 managers	 provides	 a	 wide selection	of	styles	and	areas	of	expertise	for	our	funds	and	ETFs.	Our	Canadian	asset	management	products	are	distributed primarily	 through	 brokers,	 independent	 financial	 planners	 and	 insurance	 advisors,	 including	 through	 its	 Canadian	 wealth management	businesses.

## CANADA	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	OVERVIEW

The	Canadian	Wealth	Management	segment	derives	its	revenue	principally	from	fees	and	commissions	for	providing	financial planning	and	advice	(which	may	include	investment	management	services),	and	on	the	sale	of	investment	funds	and	other financial	products	through	Canadian	wealth	managers	utilizing	our	platform.		These	fees	and	commissions	are	earned	based on	client	assets	under	advisement	or	fixed	fee	per	wealth	manager.		We	pay	these	Canadian	wealth	management	advisors	the majority	of	these	fees	and	commissions	charged	to	clients.

In	addition,	this	segment	generates	revenues	from	providing	trade	settlement	and	record	keeping	services	to	broker	dealers. Lastly,	it	earns	trading	commissions	for	providing	online	trading	and	robo-advisor	services	to	retail	clients.

In	connection	with	our	acquisition	of	Northwood,	we	established	CI	Private	Wealth	Canada	Ltd.	(CIPW-Canada),	which	holds our	interest	in	Northwood.	CI	is	the	majority	owner	and	senior	leaders	of	Northwood	are	the	minority	owners.

## U.S.	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	OVERVIEW

In	2019,	we	began	to	acquire	wealth	managers,	in	particular	Registered	Investment	Advisor	firms	('RIAs'),	with	the	goal	of building	 the	 leading	 wealth	 management	 platform	 in	 the	 U.S.	 RIAs	 provide	 clients	 with	 fee-based	 advice	 on	 a	 variety	 of financial	matters	including	retirement	planning,	insurance,	taxes,	and	estate	planning	and	may	also	provide	complementary services	such	as	bill	payment	and	tax	preparation.	We	believe	the	role	of	the	financial	advisor	is	more	important	now	than ever.	As	the	financial	needs	of	consumers	become	increasingly	complex	and	digital,	our	breadth	and	capabilities	in	the	RIA space	will	increasingly	position	us	to	be	a	leader	in	the	U.S.	wealth	management	space.

The	RIA	operating	model	is	different	from	most	wealth	management	businesses	in	Canada	and	the	U.S.	This	is	largely	because they	operate	under	a	'fiduciary'	standard	of	care	with	respect	to	their	clients,	rather	than	a	'suitable'	standard	of	care,	and	are less	tied	to	related	asset	management	businesses.	Owners	of	wealth	management	businesses	in	Canada	typically	also	own asset	management	businesses.	They	pay	their	wealth	management	advisors	most	of	the	fees	and	commissions	charged	to clients	 while	 retaining	 the	 fees	 earned	 on	 asset	 management	 products	 sold	 through	 the	 advisors.	 As	 a	 result,	 U.S.	 RIA businesses	have	evolved	to	be	more	profitable	than	traditional	Canadian	wealth	management	businesses.

Our	approach	is	to	acquire	leading	RIAs	that	focus	on	high	net	worth	and	ultra-high	net	worth	clients,	have	strong	organic growth	profiles,	and	share	a	culture	and	vision	aligned	with	ours.	We	typically	source	acquisitions	through	inbound	inquiries

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

from	investment	bankers	advising	RIAs	on	a	sale	or	through	referrals	from	our	existing	RIA	leadership	team.	We	generally	look to	 acquire	 RIAs	 with	 AUM	 greater	 than	 $1	 billion,	 have	 an	 average	 client	 AUM	 greater	 than	 $1	 million,	 generate	 organic growth	greater	than	5%,	and	have	operating	margins	greater	than	30%.	While	these	are	guidelines	we	look	for,	there	may	be other	strategic	reasons	we	may	want	to	acquire	an	RIA	such	as	for	their	geographic	location,	type	of	client	base	(for	example technology	 entrepreneurs	 or	 professional	 athletes),	 or	 types	 of	 services	 offered	 (for	 example	 family	 office	 services	 or	 tax preparation).	Also	important	is	to	determine	there	is	cultural	fit	and	alignment	with	our	vision	which	we	determine	through management	meetings	and	due	diligence	with	the	leadership	team	and	key	personnel	from	the	selling	RIAs.

When	we	acquire	an	RIA,	we	pay	an	amount	upfront	on	closing	and	a	guaranteed,	predetermined	amount	which	is	typically deferred	for	90	to	270	days	from	closing	(deferred	consideration).	In	some	cases,	we	may	also	structure	an	earnout	payment (contingent	 consideration).	 These	 earnouts	 are	 not	 guaranteed	 and	 are	 only	 paid	 if	 the	 acquired	 RIA	 exceeds	 certain predefined	 performance	 metrics	 such	 as	 revenues	 or	 profitability	 such	 that	 there	 was	 a	 significant	 improvement	 in	 the businesses	financial	performance	as	compared	to	its	historical	results,	therefore	improving	the	economic	contribution	to	our results	over	the	long	term.	The	earnouts	are	measured	and	paid	over	an	18	to	36	month	period.

Also	 included	 in	 the	 U.S.	 Wealth	 Management	 segment	 are	 strategic	 investments	 in	 GLASfunds,	 a	 turnkey	 alternative investment	platform	and	alternative	asset	management	firm	based	in	the	U.S;	and	Columbia	Pacific	Advisors,	an	alternative asset	management	firm	that	manages	with	a	broad	selection	of	institutional-caliber	real	estate	private	equity,	direct	lending, opportunistic	 and	 hedged	 strategies.	 	 We	 believe	 these	 strategic	 investments	 will	 strengthen	 our	 relationship	 with	 these firms,	while	providing	our	U.S.	wealth	management	clients	with	enhanced	access	to	alternative	asset	classes	through	a	bestin-class	platform	and	products.

## CI	Private	Wealth

We	established	CI	Private	Wealth	US,	a	private	partnership	which	holds	our	interests	in	our	U.S.	RIAs.		CI	is	the	majority	owner and	senior	leaders	of	the	RIAs	are	the	minority	owners.		CIPW	focuses	on	achieving	the	best	possible	experience	for	clients while	promoting	collaboration	and	growth.	The	former	RIA	owners	gain	ownership	in	the	larger,	national	business	rather	than retaining	an	interest	in	their	own	RIA.	This	aligns	the	interests	of	all	owners	and	incentivizes	them	to	improve	and	grow	CIPW as	 a	 whole,	 as	 they	 share	 in	 benefits	 of	 collaborating,	 realizing	 synergies,	 and	 driving	 profitable	 growth.	 It	 fosters	 an entrepreneurial,	 ownership	 mindset.	 Additionally,	 the	 potential	 to	 gain	 and	 grow	 ownership	 in	 CIPW	 provides	 a	 way	 to incentivize	 and	 reward	 the	 next	 generation	 of	 leaders	 at	 the	 firm.	 This	 is	 important	 to	 attract,	 retain	 and	 develop	 the industry's	top	talent.	Finally,	this	model	provides	CIPW	with	a	currency	in	making	acquisitions,	since	RIA	owners	can	exchange equity	in	their	firm	for	equity	in	CIPW.

## Planned	initial	public	offering	of	our	U.S.	Wealth	Management	business

In	April	2022,	we	announced	our	intention	to	sell	up	to	20%	of	our	U.S.	wealth	management	business	via	a	U.S.	initial	public offering.	 We	 have	 confidentially	 submitted	 a	 draft	 registration	 statement	 on	 Form	 S-1	 with	 the	 Securities	 and	 Exchange Commission	(the	'SEC').		We	intend	to	use	the	net	proceeds	from	the	IPO	to	pay	down	debt.		We	will	remain	the	majority shareholder	 of	 our	 U.S.	 wealth	 management	 business	 and	 we	 currently	 have	 no	 intention	 of	 spinning	 out	 or	 otherwise

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

divesting	 its	 remaining	 ownership	 interest.	 	 A	 final	 decision	 on	 the	 IPO	 size,	 conditions	 and	 timing	 is	 pending	 and	 will	 be subject	to	market	conditions.

## Accounting	for	CIPW	US	and	Canada

Because	of	certain	terms	associated	with	the	liquidity	features,	IFRS	requires	the	units	to	be	classified	as	a	liability	and	as	a compensatory	award,	not	equity.		Accordingly,	accounting	for	the	CIPW	units	will	be	similar	to	share	based	compensation payments.

Each	quarter	end,	we	will	recognize	a	liability	reflecting	the	fair	value	of	the	units	issued	that	have	vested.	The	fair	value	per unit	will	be	based	on	the	predefined	valuation	formula.		The	change	in	fair	value	each	quarter	related	to	awards	that	have vested	will	be	recorded	as	compensation	expense	in	SG&amp;A	over	the	vesting	period.

An	increase	 in	 the	 liability/expense	 results	 when	 the	 fair	 value	 formula	 reflects	 an	 increase	 in	 price	 of	 CIPW	 units,	 which ultimately	means	that	the	AUM,	profitability	and	operating	margin	of	CIPW	has	increased.		The	liability	will	also	increase	due to	additional	units	vesting	each	period.

As	a	result	of	CIPW	units	being	classified	as	a	liability	and	a	compensatory	award,	distributions	to	the	owners	of	CIPW,	other than	us,	are	recognized	as	compensation	expense	in	SG&amp;A.

Given	the	CIPW	units	are	classified	as	a	liability,	we	will	not	record	non-controlling	interest	on	the	income	statement	to	reflect the	 ownership	 of	 CIPW	 earnings	 attributable	 to	 CIPW's	 minority	 owners.	 	 Instead	 this	 amount	 will	 be	 reflected	 through compensation	expense.

## NON-IFRS	MEASURES

In	an	effort	to	provide	additional	information	regarding	our	results	as	determined	by	IFRS,	we	also	disclose	certain	non-IFRS information	which	we	believe	provides	useful	and	meaningful	information.	Our	management	reviews	these	non-IFRS	financial measurements	when	evaluating	 our	 financial	 performance	 and	 results	 of	 operations;	 therefore,	 we	 believe	 it	 is	 useful	 to provide	information	with	respect	to	these	non-GAAP	measurements	so	as	to	share	this	perspective	of	management.	Non-IFRS measurements	do	not	have	any	standardized	meaning,	do	not	replace	nor	are	superior	to	IFRS	financial	measurements	and may	not	be	comparable	to	similar	measures	presented	by	other	companies.	The	non-IFRS	financial	measurements	include:

- Adjusted	net	income	and	adjusted	basic	and	diluted	earnings	per	share
- Adjusted	EBITDA,	adjusted	EBITDA	margin	and	adjusted	net	revenue
- Free	cash	flow
- Net	debt

These	non-IFRS	measurements	exclude	the	following	revenues	and	expenses	which	we	believe	allows	investors	a	consistent way	to	analyze	our	financial	performance,	allows	for	better	analysis	of	core	operating	income	and	business	trends	and	permits comparisons	of	companies	within	the	industry,	normalizing	for	different	financing	methods	and	levels	of	taxation:

- gains	or	losses	related	to	foreign	currency	fluctuations
- costs	related	to	our	acquisitions	including:
- amortization	of	intangible	assets
- change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration
- related	advisory	fees
- contingent	consideration	classified	as	compensation	per	IFRS
- restructuring	and	severance	related		charges	including	organizational	expenses	for	the	establishment	of	CIPW
- legal	provisions	for	a	class	action	related	to	market	timing
- certain	gains	or	losses	in	assets	and	investments
- costs	related	to	issuing	or	retiring	debt	obligations
- compensation	expenses	associated	with	CIPW	redeemable	units
- organizational	expenses	for	the	establishment	of	CIPW	and	preparation	of	the	initial	public	offering	of	our	US	Wealth business
- non-cash	charges	related	to	guarantees	for	CIPW	related	loans

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

TABLE	2:	ADJUSTED	NET	INCOME	AND	ADJUSTED	EARNINGS	PER	SHARE

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  Quarters	ended  Years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Net	Income  (8.3)  14.4  123.7  301.8  412.4  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  26.5  27.7  18.7  105.7  57.4  Amortization	of	equity	accounted	investments  2.6  -  -  2.6  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  76.8  22.5  43.9  27.4  149.9  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation  1.5  3.8  2.1  24.2  7.2  Non-controlling	interest	reclassification  1.2  1.0  -  4.0  -  CIPW	adjustments  27.7  11.5  -  55.5  -  FX	(gains)/losses  (15.2)  73.9  (3.1)  80.1  18.8  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  41.3  13.1  13.6  62.7  35.9  Other	(gains)/losses  7.1  -  (16.8)  5.9  (11.1)  Trading	and	bad	debt  -  8.0  -  8.0  24.9  Total	adjustments  169.6  161.5  58.4  376.1  283.1  Tax	effect	of	adjustments  (9.9)  (27.8)  (11.1)  (43.6)  (57.5)  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  15.5  12.1  -  46.7  3.1  Adjusted	net	income  135.9  135.9  171.0  587.7  634.8  Adjusted	earnings	per	share  0.74  0.73  0.87  3.11  3.15  Adjusted	diluted	earnings	per	share  0.74  0.73  0.86  3.10  3.14   |
|---|

## TABLE	3:	EBITDA,	ADJUSTED	EBITDA	AND	ADJUSTED	EBITDA	MARGIN

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  Quarters	ended  Years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Pretax	income  33.6  37.8  175.1  476.2  586.2  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  26.5  27.7  18.9  105.7  57.9  Amortization	of	equity	accounted	investments  2.6  -  -  2.6  -  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  13.1  13.0  10.9  49.4  41.0  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  41.4  38.6  32.5  152.1  109.7  EBITDA  117.2  117.1  237.3  786.0  794.7  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  76.8  22.5  43.9  27.4  149.9  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation  1.5  3.8  2.1  24.2  7.2  Non-controlling	interest	reclassification  1.2  1.0  -  4.0  -  CIPW	adjustments  27.7  11.5  -  55.5  -  FX	(gains)/losses  (15.2)  73.9  (3.1)  80.1  18.8  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  41.3  13.1  13.6  62.7  35.9  Other	(gains)/losses  7.1  -  (16.8)  5.9  (11.1)  Trading	and	bad	debt  -  8.0  -  8.0  24.9  Total	adjustments  140.5  133.8  39.6  267.8  225.6  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  15.0  13.4  (0.2)  49.8  6.4  Adjusted	EBITDA  242.7  237.5  277.2  1,004.0  1,013.9  Reported	net	revenue  620.3  513.6  619.3  2,334.3  2,169.6  Less:	FX	gains/(losses)  15.2  (73.9)  3.1  (80.1)  (18.8)  Less:	Non-Operating	Other	gains/(losses)  (7.1)  -  16.8  (5.9)  18.1  Less:	Non-controlling	interest	revenues  40.6  35.1  17.9  146.0  69.3  Adjusted	net	revenue  571.7  552.4  581.5  2,274.4  2,100.9  Adjusted	EBITDA	margin  42.4	 %  43.0	 %  47.7	 %  44.1	 %  48.3	 %   |
|---|

## TABLE	4:	FREE	CASH	FLOW

| [millions	of	dollars]  Quarters	ended  Years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Cash	provided	by	operating	activities  56.7  103.3  163.7  478.9  666.0  Less:	Net	change	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities  (94.1)  38.4  (15.5)  (85.6)  15.7  Operating	cash	flow	before	the	change	in	operating	assets  and	liabilities  150.9  64.8  179.2  564.5  650.2  FX	(gains)/losses  (15.2)  73.9  (3.1)  80.1  18.8  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  41.3  13.1  13.6  62.7  35.9  Trading	and	bad	debt  -  8.0  -  8.0  -  Other	(gains)/losses  -  -  -  -  7.1  Total	adjustments  26.1  95.0  10.5  150.8  61.8  Tax	effect	(recovery)	of	adjustments  (18.8)  (14.1)  (2.6)  (37.4)  (18.1)  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  0.3  (5.8)  -  (9.4)  6.2  Free	cash	flow  157.9  151.5  187.1  687.4  687.7   |
|---|

## TABLE	5:	NET	DEBT

| Quarters	ended  [millions	of	dollars]  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Jun.	30,	2022  Mar.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Current	portion	of	long-term	debt  320.0  400.5  314.6  225.3  444.5  Long-term	debt  3,896.2  3,548.2  3,373.5  3,304.7  3,331.6  4,216.2  3,948.7  3,688.1  3,530.0  3,776.0  Less:  Cash	and	short-term	investments  153.6  220.4  154.8  186.1  230.8  Marketable	securities  20.6  17.8  18.1  20.3  116.9  Add:  Regulatory	capital	and	non-controlling	interests  16.8  19.9  22.4  28.8  25.0  Net	Debt  4,058.8  3,730.3  3,537.5  3,352.4  3,453.4  Adjusted	EBITDA  242.7  237.5  251.0  272.9  277.2  Adjusted	EBITDA,	annualized  962.8  942.1  1,006.9  1,106.6  1,099.8  Gross	leverage	(Gross	debt/Annualized	adjusted	EBITDA)  4.4  4.2  3.7  3.2  3.4  Net	leverage	(Net	debt/Annualized	adjusted	EBITDA)  4.2  4.0  3.5  3.0  3.1   |
|---|

## TABLE	6:	ASSET	MANAGEMENT	ADJUSTED	EBITDA

| [millions	of	dollars]  Quarters	ended  Years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Pretax	income  158.0  78.2  208.1  591.8  774.6  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  0.6  0.6  0.6  2.4  2.3  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  4.7  5.0  5.4  19.6  23.1  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  0.9  1.0  0.5  4.0  2.2  EBITDA  164.2  84.7  214.7  617.8  802.2  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  1.6  3.2  14.2  4.9  26.2  FX	(gains)/losses  (15.5)  74.4  1.4  80.2  11.0  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  11.0  2.6  10.4  15.0  25.6  Other	(gains)/losses  7.1  -  (16.8)  5.9  (18.1)  Trading	and	bad	debt  -  7.1  -  7.1  -  Total	adjustments  4.2  87.3  9.2  113.2  44.6  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  0.1  0.1  0.1  1.0  0.8  Adjusted	EBITDA  168.3  172.0  223.8  730.1  846.0  Reported	net	revenue  271.2  196.4  347.5  1,032.0  1,281.6  Less:	FX	gains/(losses)  15.5  (74.4)  (1.4)  (80.2)  (11.0)  Less:	Non-Operating	Other	gains/(losses)  (7.1)  -  16.8  (5.9)  18.1  Less:	Non-controlling	interest	revenues  0.2  0.1  0.3  0.8  2.0  Adjusted	net	revenue  262.6  270.6  331.8  1,117.3  1,272.5  Adjusted	EBITDA	margin  64.1	 %  63.5	 %  67.4	 %  65.3	 %  66.5	 %   |
|---|

## TABLE	7:	CANADA	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	ADJUSTED	EBITDA

| [millions	of	dollars]  Quarters	ended  Years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Pretax	income  6.4  8.4  8.5  31.1  28.2  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  2.1  2.1  1.6  7.8  5.8  Amortization	of	equity	accounted	investments  0.1  -  -  0.1  -  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  3.2  3.2  2.3  11.7  9.7  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  -  -  0.2  0.1  0.5  EBITDA  11.8  13.7  12.6  50.8  44.1  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  1.9  (0.7)  -  0.7  -  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation  0.2  0.1  -  0.3  -  CIPW	adjustments  0.1  0.1  -  0.4  -  FX	(gains)/losses  0.4  (0.5)  (0.8)  (0.1)  (3.4)  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  0.2  0.3  0.1  1.7  0.8  Non-controlling	interest	reclassification  1.2  1.0  -  4.0  -  Other	(gains)/losses  -  -  -  -  7.1  Trading	and	bad	debt  -  0.8  -  0.8  -  Total	adjustments  4.0  1.2  (0.7)  7.6  4.4  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  1.3  1.2  (1.5)  4.3  -  Adjusted	EBITDA  14.5  13.7  13.5  54.1  48.5  Reported	net	revenue  205.5  197.7  201.1  803.0  758.9  Less:	FX	gains/(losses)  (0.4)  0.5  0.8  0.1  3.4  Less:	Non-controlling	interest	revenues  14.4  13.9  11.9  54.6  44.9  Adjusted	net	revenue  191.5  183.4  188.4  748.2  710.6  Adjusted	EBITDA	margin  7.6	 %  7.5	 %  7.1	 %  7.2	 %  6.8	 %   |
|---|

## TABLE	8:	U.S.	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	ADJUSTED	EBITDA

| [millions	of	dollars]  Quarters	ended  Years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Pretax	income  (91.1)  (11.9)  (10.2)  (1.3)  (85.9)  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  23.8  25.0  16.5  95.5  49.3  Amortization	of	equity	accounted	investments  2.5  -  -  2.5  -  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  5.2  4.8  3.1  18.1  8.2  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  0.8  0.7  0.4  2.5  1.1  EBITDA  (58.8)  18.6  9.9  117.4  (27.1)  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  73.3  20.0  29.7  21.9  123.7  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation  1.3  3.7  2.1  23.9  7.2  CIPW	adjustments  27.6  11.4  -  55.1  -  FX	(gains)/losses  -  -  (3.7)  -  11.2  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  30.0  10.2  3.1  46.1  9.6  Total	adjustments  132.2  45.3  31.1  147.0  151.7  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  13.6  12.1  1.0  44.8  5.1  Adjusted	EBITDA  59.9  51.8  40.0  219.6  119.4  Reported	net	revenue  193.1  168.2  125.9  704.0  339.3  Less:	FX	gains/(losses)  -  -  3.7  -  (11.2)  Less:	Non-controlling	interest	revenues  26.0  21.1  5.8  90.5  22.4  Adjusted	net	revenue  167.0  147.2  116.5  613.5  328.0  Adjusted	EBITDA	margin  35.8	 %  35.2	 %  34.3	 %  35.8	 %  36.4	 %   |
|---|

## OUR	FINANCIAL	RESULTS

## TABLE	9:	SELECTED	ANNUAL	INFORMATION

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  Years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2020  Net	asset	management	fees  1,112.3  1,234.7  1,126.3  Total	revenue  2,334.3  2,169.6  1,543.3  Selling,	general	&amp;	administration  1,020.0  742.3  449.4  Total	expenses  1,858.1  1,583.4  900.6  Income	before	income	taxes  476.2  586.2  642.7  Income	taxes  174.4  173.8  167.2  Non-controlling	interest  2.1  3.0  (0.4)  Net	income	available	to	shareholders  299.8  409.3  476.0  Basic	earnings	per	share  1.59  2.03  2.22  Diluted	earnings	per	share  1.58  2.02  2.21  Dividends	declared	per	share  0.72  0.72  0.72  Total	assets  9,708.4  8,659.6  6,359.8  Gross	debt  4,216.2  3,776.0  2,456.1  Average	shares	outstanding  189.1  201.6  214.1  Shares	outstanding  184.5  197.4  210.4  Share	price  13.51  26.44  15.78  Market	capitalization  2,492.8  5,219.8  3,319.5   |
|---|

## TABLE	10:	SUMMARY	OF	ANNUAL	RESULTS

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  IFRS	Results  Adjusted	Results  For	the	years	ended  For	the	years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Revenues  Asset	management	fees  1,606.8  1,792.1  1,606.8  1,792.1  Trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions  (494.5)  (557.4)  (494.5)  (557.4)  Net	asset	management	fees  1,112.3  1,234.7  1,112.3  1,234.7  Canada	wealth	management	fees  530.7  506.8  530.7  506.8  U.S.	wealth	management	fees  687.6  345.0  687.6  345.0  Other	revenues  95.7  83.1  98.3  83.1  FX	gains/(losses)  (80.1)  (18.8)  -  -  Other	gains/(losses)  (11.9)  18.7  (6.0)  7.7  Total	net	revenues  2,334.3  2,169.6  2,423.0  2,177.3  Expenses  Selling,	general	&amp;	administrative  1,020.0  742.3  940.4  735.1  Advisor	and	dealer	fees  406.0  396.7  406.0  396.7  Other  34.6  52.0  22.7  27.1  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  152.1  109.7  152.1  109.7  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  49.4  41.0  49.4  39.4  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  105.7  55.8  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  62.7  35.9  -  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  27.4  149.9  -  -  Total	expenses  1,858.1  1,583.4  1,570.6  1,308.0  Pretax	income  476.2  586.2  852.4  869.3  Income	tax	expense  174.4  173.8  217.9  231.3  Net	income  301.8  412.4  634.4  637.9  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  2.1  3.0  46.7  3.1  Net	income	attributable	to	shareholders  299.8  409.3  587.7  634.8  Basic	earnings	per	share  1.59  2.03  3.11  3.15  Diluted	earnings	per	share  1.58  2.02  3.10  3.14  Non-IFRS	adjustments  Net	Income  301.8  412.4  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  105.7  57.4  Amortization	of	equity	accounted	investments  2.6  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  27.4  149.9  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation	(included	in	SG&amp;A)  24.2  7.2  Non-controlling	interest	reclassification	(included	in	Other)  4.0  -  CIPW	adjustments	(included	in	SG&amp;A)  55.5  -  FX	(gains)/losses  80.1  18.8  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  62.7  35.9  Other	(gains)/losses  5.9  (11.1)   |
|---|

| Bad	debt	and	trading	(included	in	Other)  8.0  24.9  Total	adjustments  376.1  283.1  Tax	effect	of	adjustments  (43.6)  (57.5)  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  46.7  3.1  Adjusted	net	income  587.7  634.8  Adjusted	earnings	per	share  3.11  3.15  Adjusted	diluted	earnings	per	share  3.10  3.14  Average	shares	outstanding  189.1  201.6  Average	diluted	shares	outstanding  189.8  202.5   |
|---|

## TABLE	11:	SUMMARY	OF	QUARTERLY	RESULTS

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  IFRS	Results  Adjusted	Results  For	the	quarters	ended  For	the	quarters	ended  Dec.  31,  2022  Sep.  30,  2022  Jun.  30,  2022  Mar.  31,  2022  Dec.  31,  2021  Dec.  31,  2022  Sep.  30,  2022  Jun.  30,  2022  Mar.  31,  2022  Dec.  31,  2021  Revenues  Asset	management	fees  378.2  386.7  404.3  437.6  464.9  378.2  386.7  404.3  437.6  464.9  Trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions  (116.0)	 	(119.2)	 	(124.0)	 	(135.3)	 	(143.6)  (116.0)	 	(119.2)	 	(124.0)	 	(135.3)	 	(143.6)  Net	asset	management	fees  262.2  267.5  280.3  302.3  321.3  262.2  267.5  280.3  302.3  321.3  Canada	wealth	management	fees  133.1  129.2  130.1  138.2  134.9  133.1  129.2  130.1  138.2  134.9  U.S.	wealth	management	fees  190.1  164.1  168.9  164.5  120.9  190.1  164.1  168.9  164.5  120.9  Other	revenues  26.2  26.6  21.2  21.6  27.3  28.8  26.6  21.2  21.6  27.3  FX	gains/(losses)  15.2  (73.9)  (32.9)  11.5  3.1  -  -  -  -  -  Other	gains/(losses)  (6.5)  0.1  (1.1)  (4.4)  11.9  0.6  0.1  (2.3)  (4.4)  (4.9)  Total	net	revenues  620.3  513.6  566.7  633.8  619.3  614.9  587.5  598.3  622.3  599.4  Expenses  Selling,	general	&amp;	administrative  277.2  245.6  238.0  259.3  214.6  248.0  230.3  234.2  227.9  212.5  Advisor	and	dealer	fees  101.1  98.3  99.7  106.9  104.8  101.1  98.3  99.7  106.9  104.8  Other  9.2  17.1  4.7  3.6  5.7  8.1  8.1  3.8  2.7  5.7  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  41.4  38.6  36.2  35.9  32.5  41.4  38.6  36.2  35.9  32.5  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  13.1  13.0  11.9  11.4  10.9  13.1  13.0  11.9  11.4  10.4  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  26.5  27.7  27.4  24.1  18.2  -  -  -  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  41.3  13.1  4.6  3.8  13.6  -  -  -  -  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  76.8  22.5  (75.0)  3.1  43.9  -  -  -  -  -  Total	expenses  586.7  475.8  347.7  448.0  444.2  411.7  388.2  386.0  384.8  365.9  Pretax	income  33.6  37.8  219.0  185.8  175.1  203.2  199.3  212.3  237.5  233.4  Income	tax	expense  41.9  23.5  60.7  48.3  51.3  51.8  51.3  55.1  59.7  62.5  Net	income  (8.3)  14.4  158.3  137.5  123.7  151.4  148.1  157.2  177.8  171.0  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  1.2  (0.5)  2.1  (0.6)  -  15.5  12.1  8.1  10.9  -  Net	income	attributable	to	shareholders  (9.5)  14.9  156.2  138.1  123.7  135.9  135.9  149.1  166.8  171.0  Basic	earnings	per	share  (0.05)  0.08  0.82  0.70  0.63  0.74  0.73  0.78  0.85  0.87  Diluted	earnings	per	share  (0.05)  0.08  0.81  0.70  0.62  0.74  0.73  0.78  0.85  0.86   |
|---|

| ## Non-IFRS	adjustments  Net	Income  (8.3)  14.4  158.3  137.5  123.7  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  26.5  27.7  27.4  24.1  18.7  Amortization	of	equity	accounted	investments  2.6  -  -  -  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  76.8  22.5  (75.0)  3.1  43.9  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation  (included	in	SG&amp;A)  1.5  3.8  0.7  18.2  2.1  Non-controlling	interest	reclassification	(included	in  Other)  1.2  1.0  0.9  0.9  -  CIPW	adjustments	(included	in	SG&amp;A)  27.7  11.5  3.1  13.2  -  FX	(gains)/losses  (15.2)  73.9  32.9  (11.5)  (3.1)  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  41.3  13.1  4.6  3.8  13.6  Other	(gains)/losses  7.1  -  (1.2)  -	 	 (16.8)  Bad	debt	and	trading	(included	in	Other)  -  8.0  -  -  -  Total	adjustments  169.6  161.5  (6.7)  51.7  58.4  Tax	effect	of	adjustments  (9.9)  (27.8)  5.6  (11.5)  (11.1)  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  15.5  12.1  8.1  10.9  -  Adjusted	net	income  135.9  135.9  149.1  166.8  171.0  Adjusted	earnings	per	share  0.74  0.73  0.78  0.85  0.87  Adjusted	diluted	earnings	per	share  0.74  0.73  0.78  0.85  0.86  Average	shares	outstanding  183.7  185.6  191.2  196.1  196.8  Average	diluted	shares	outstanding  184.6  186.4  191.8  197.0  198.4   |
|---|

## Market	Environment

Equity	markets	started	the	fourth	quarter	on	a	positive	note,	rising	in	October	as	optimism	emerged	that	the	worst	of	the market	drawdown	might	be	over.	This	momentum	was	carried	into	November	and	by	the	end	of	the	month	equities	had posted	sequential	monthly	gains.	Despite	giving	back	some	of	the	previous	gains,	markets	ended	the	quarter	up.	The	S&amp;P/TSX Composite	Index	 ended	 the	 quarter	 up	 5.1%,	 while	 the	 S&amp;P	 500	 Index	 was	 up	 7.1%	 in	 U.S.	 dollars	 (up	 5.1%	 in	 Canadian dollars).	The	MSCI	World	Index,	which	reflects	returns	for	developed	equity	markets	around	the	globe	was	up	9.4%	for	the quarter	in	U.S.	dollars	(up	7.4%	in	Canadian	dollars).

In	bond	markets,	U.S.	and	Canadian	bond	yields	continued	to	rise	through	the	fourth	quarter	on	forecasts	of	an	economic slowdown	in	 2023.	 The	 price	 of	 oil,	 considered	 a	 leading	 barometer	 of	 inflation,	 ended	 the	 quarter	 near	 US$80	 a	 barrel, relatively	 unchanged	 from	 the	 third	 quarter.	 The	 Canadian	 dollar,	 due	 to	 its	 close	 ties	 with	 the	 oil	 sector	 and	 declining inflation,	strengthened	slightly	against	the	U.S.	dollar.

## TABLE	12:	TOTAL	AUM	AND	CLIENT	ASSETS

| Quarters	ended  [billions	of	dollars]  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Jun.	30,	2022  Mar.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Asset	management	segment	AUM  117.8  114.2  116.1  136.3  144.2  Canada	wealth	management	segment	assets  77.4  74.0  74.1  79.0  80.6  U.S.	wealth	management	segment	assets  180.6  149.8  143.5  145.8  151.3  Total	AUM	and	client	assets  375.8  338.0  333.7  361.0  376.2   |
|---|

Assets	under	management	decreased	18%	year	over	year	due	to	negative	investment	performance	and	net	redemptions.	The 4%	decrease	in	Canada	wealth	management	assets	from	last	year	was	a	result	of	negative	investment	performance,	partially offset	 by	 positive	 net	 flows.	 U.S.	 wealth	 management	 segment	 assets	 increased	 19%	 year	 over	 year	 primarily	 due	 to acquisitions.	Total	assets,	which	include	mutual	funds,	segregated	funds,	separately	managed	accounts,	structured	products, exchange-traded	 funds,	 pooled	 funds,	 hedge	 funds	 and	 wealth	 management	 assets,	 were	 $375.8	 billion	 at	 December	 31, 2022,	down	$0.5	billion	from	$376.2	billion	at	December	31,	2021.

## Year	Ended	December	31,	2022

For	 the	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022,	 CI	 reported	 net	 income	 attributable	 to	 shareholders	 of	 $299.8	 million	 ($1.59	 per share)	 down	 from	 $409.3	 million	 ($2.03	 per	 share)	 for	 the	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2021,	 as	 seen	 in	 Table	 10	 above. Including	the	adjustments	presented	in	Table	10	above	and	referenced	in	Table	2	of	the	non-IFRS	measures	section,		adjusted net	income	attributable	to	shareholders	was	$587.7	million	($3.10	per	share)	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	down from	$634.8	million	($3.14	per	share)	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021.		The	decrease	from	the	prior	period	was	mainly due	to	lower	management	fee	revenues	in	the	asset	management	segment	driven	by	a	decrease	in	average	assets	offset	by acquisitions	made	during	the	year.

CI's	total	net	revenue	was	$2,334.3	million	in	2022,	up	from	$2,169.6	million	in	2021.	Total	net	revenue	included	realized	and unrealized	losses	on	investments	of	$11.9	million	in	2022,	compared	with	gains	on	investments	of	$18.7	million	in	2021.		Total net	revenue	also	included	$80.1	million	of	foreign	exchange	losses	in	2022,	compared	with	foreign	exchange	losses	of	$18.8 million	in	2021.

As	presented	in	Table	3,	adjusted	net	revenue	was	$2,274.4	million	in	2022,	an	increase	from	$2,100.9	million	in	2021.	The increase	from	the	prior	year	was	mainly	a	result	of	acquisitions	made	during	the	year.

For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	SG&amp;A	expenses	were	$1,020.0	million,	up	from	$742.3	million	in	2021.	The	increase	in SG&amp;A	from	the	prior	year	was	primarily	related	to	acquisitions	made	during	the	year.

In	2022,	CI	paid	$494.5	million	in	trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions,	compared	with	$557.4	million	in	2021.	Changes from	the	prior	periods	are	due	to	changes	in	average	AUM.

Interest	and	lease	finance	expense	of	$152.1	million	was	recorded	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	compared	with $109.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021.	The	change	in	interest	and	lease	finance	expense	reflects	the	changes in	average	debt	levels	and	interest	rates,	as	discussed	under	the	Liquidity	and	Capital	Resources	section.

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

For	2022,	CI	recorded	$174.4	million	in	income	tax	expense	for	an	effective	tax	rate	of	36.6%	compared	to	$173.8	million,	or 29.6%,	in	2021.	The	effective	tax	rate	for	the	current	quarter	was	higher	than	the	same	quarter	in	2021	and	higher	than	the prior	quarter	due	to	foreign	exchange	losses	deductible	at	a	lower	tax	rate.	CI's	effective	tax	rate	on	adjusted	net	income	was 25.6%	for	2022.	CI's	effective	tax	rate	may	differ	from	its	statutory	tax	rate,	which	is	currently	26.5%,	as	a	result	of	some expenses	being	nondeductible	or	partially	deductible,	or	some	revenue	items	not	being	fully	taxable.

## Quarter	Ended	December	31,	2022

For	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	CI	reported	net	income	attributable	to	shareholders	of	$(9.5)	million	($(0.05)	per share)	down	from	$123.7	million	($0.63	per	share)	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2021	and	down	from	$14.9	million ($0.08	per	share)	for	the	quarter	ended	September	30,	2022	as	seen	in	Table	11	above.	Including	the	adjustments	presented in	 Table	 11	 above	 and	 referenced	 in	 Table	 2	 of	 the	 non-IFRS	 measures	 section,	 adjusted	 net	 income	 attributable	 to shareholders	was	$135.9	million	($0.74	per	share)	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	down	from	$171.0	million	($0.86 per	share)	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2021	and	unchanged	from	$135.9	million	($0.73	per	share)	for	the	quarter ended	September	30,	2022.		The	decrease	from	last	year	was	mainly	due	to	lower	management	fee	revenues	in	the	asset management	segment	driven	by	a	decrease	in	average	assets.

CI's	total	net	revenue	was	$620.3	million	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	up	from		$619.3	million	in	the	same	period	in	2021	and up	from	$513.6	million	for	the	quarter	ended	September	30,	2022.	Total	net	revenue	included	realized	and	unrealized	losses on	investments	of	$6.5	million	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	compared	with	gains	on	investments	of	$11.9	million	in	the	same period	in	2021,	and	gains	on	investments	of	$0.1	million	in	the	prior	quarter.		Total	net	revenue	also	included	$15.2	million	of foreign	exchange	gains	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	compared	with	foreign	exchange	gains	of	$3.1	million	in	the	same	period in	2021,	and	foreign	exchange	losses	of	$73.9	million	in	the	prior	quarter.

As	 presented	 in	 Table	 3,	 adjusted	 net	 revenue	 was	 $571.7	 million	 in	 the	 fourth	 quarter	 of	 2022,	 a	 decrease	 from	 $581.5 million	in	the	same	period	in	2021,	and	an	increase	from	$552.4	million	in	the	prior	quarter.	The	decrease	from	the	prior	year was	mainly	a	result	of	lower	management	fee	revenues	in	the	asset	management	segment	offset	by		acquisitions	made	during the	year.	The	increase	from	the	prior	quarter	was	primarily	due	to	higher	management	fee	revenues	in	the	asset	management segment	driven	by	an	increase	in	average	assets	and	acquisitions	made	during	the	quarter.

For	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	SG&amp;A	expenses	were	$277.2	million,	up	from	$214.6	million	in	the	same	quarter	of 2021	and	up	from	$245.6	million	in	the	prior	quarter.	The	increase	in	SG&amp;A	from	the	prior	periods	was	primarily	related	to acquisitions	made	during	the	year	and	increases	in	discretionary	spend.

In	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	CI	paid	$116.0	million	in	trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions,	compared	with	$143.6 million	in	the	same	quarter	of	2021	and	$119.2	million	in	the	prior	quarter.	Changes	from	the	prior	periods	are	due	to	changes in	average	AUM.

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

Interest	and	lease	finance	expense	of	$41.4	million	was	recorded	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022	compared	with $32.5	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2021	and	$38.6	million	for	the	quarter	ended	September	30,	2022.	The change	in	interest	and	lease	finance	expense	reflects	the	changes	in	average	debt	levels	and	interest	rates,	as	discussed	under the	Liquidity	and	Capital	Resources	section.

For	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	CI	recorded	$41.9	million	in	income	tax	expense	for	an	effective	tax	rate	of	124.7%	compared to	$51.3	million,	or	29.3%,	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021,	and	$23.5	million,	or	62.0%,	in	the	prior	quarter.	The	effective	tax rate	for	the	current	quarter	was	higher	than	the	same	quarter	in	2021	and	higher	than	the	prior	quarter	due	to	the	reversal	of tax	benefits	on	foreign	exchange	losses	from	prior	quarters.	CI's	effective	tax	rate	on	adjusted	net	income	was	25.5%	for	the current	quarter.	CI's	effective	tax	rate	may	differ	from	its	statutory	tax	rate,	which	is	currently	26.5%,	as	a	result	of	some expenses	being	nondeductible	or	partially	deductible,	or	some	revenue	items	not	being	fully	taxable.

## ASSET	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT

## TABLE	13:	ASSETS	UNDER	MANAGEMENT	AND	NET	FLOWS

| [billions	of	dollars]  Quarters	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Jun.	30,	2022  Mar.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Beginning	AUM  114.2  116.1  136.3  144.2  139.4  Gross	inflows  7.3  4.9  4.8  4.9  5.2  Gross	outflows  (6.0)  (4.8)  (8.7)  (6.6)  (5.5)  Net	inflows/(outflows)  1.3  0.1  (3.9)  (1.6)  (0.3)  Acquisitions  -  -  -  -  -  Market	move	and	FX  2.3  (2.0)  (16.3)  (6.3)  5.2  Ending	AUM  117.8  114.2  116.1  136.3  144.2  Proprietary	AUM  31.9  30.4  30.8  34.5  36.2  Non-proprietary	AUM  85.9  83.7  85.2  101.7  108.1  Average	assets	under	management  117.7  119.1  125.4  138.2  143.0  Annualized	organic	growth  4.4	%  0.4	%  (11.4)	 %  (4.6)	 %  (0.9)	 %  Gross	management	fee/average	AUM  1.29	%  1.30	%  1.31	%  1.30	%  1.30	%  Net	management	fee/average	AUM  0.87	%  0.88	%  0.89	%  0.88	%  0.88	%  Net	Inflows/(Outflows)  Retail  1.6  0.6  (0.4)  (0.9)  0.1  Institutional  (0.2)  -  (3.2)  (0.3)  (0.3)  Closed	business  (0.2)  (0.1)  (0.2)  (0.2)  (0.2)  Total	Canada	net	inflows/(outflows)  1.3  0.5  (3.7)  (1.3)  (0.4)  Australia  -  (0.4)  (0.1)  (0.3)  0.1  Total	net	inflows/(outflows)  1.3  0.1  (3.9)  (1.6)  (0.3)   |
|---|

CI's	asset	management	segment	reported	net	sales	of	$1.3	billion	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022.	CI's	Canadian	retail	business, excluding	products	closed	to	new	investors,	had	$1.6	billion	in	net	sales	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022	and	CI's	Canadian institutional	business	had	net	redemptions	$0.2	billion	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022.		CI's	Australian	business	had	flat	net flows	in	the	fourth	quarter	of		2022.		CI's	closed	business,	comprised	primarily	of	segregated	fund	contracts	that	are	no	longer available	for	sale,	had	$0.2	billion	in	net	redemptions	for	the	quarter.

TABLE	14:	AUM	BY	ASSET	CLASS

| [billions	of	dollars]  Quarters	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Jun.	30,	2022  Mar.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Balanced  50.3  49.8  50.9  59.4  62.1  Equity  41.6  40.2  41.4  49.3  52.3  Fixed	income  11.0  11.2  11.7  13.1  14.2  Alternatives  3.6  3.8  3.6  4.9  5.7  Cash/Other  6.2  4.5  3.4  3.0  2.7  Total	Canada	asset	management  112.8  109.5  111.0  129.7  137.0  Australia  5.0  4.7  5.1  6.6  7.3  Total	asset	management	segment  117.8  114.2  116.1  136.3  144.2   |
|---|

## TABLE	15:	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS	-	ASSET	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  IFRS	Results  Adjusted	Results  For	the	years	ended  For	the	years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Revenues  Asset	management	fees  1,624.7  1,810.0  1,624.7  1,810.0  Trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions  (526.5)  (592.4)  (526.5)  (592.4)  Net	asset	management	fees  1,098.2  1,217.6  1,098.2  1,217.6  Other	revenues  25.9  56.1  25.9  56.1  FX	gains/(losses)  (80.2)  (11.0)  -  -  Other	gains/(losses)  (11.9)  18.9  (6.0)  0.8  Total	net	revenues  1,032.0  1,281.6  1,118.1  1,274.5  Expenses  Selling,	general	&amp;	administrative  387.1  426.0  387.1  426.0  Other  7.1  1.7  -  1.7  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  4.0  2.2  4.0  2.2  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  19.6  23.1  19.6  23.1  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  2.4  2.3  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  15.0  25.6  -  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  4.9  26.2  -  -  Total	expenses  440.1  507.0  410.6  452.9  Pretax	income  591.8  774.6  707.5  821.6  Non-IFRS	adjustments  Pretax	income  591.8  774.6  707.5  821.6  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  2.4  2.3  -  -  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  19.6  23.1  19.6  23.1  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  4.0  2.2  4.0  2.2  EBITDA  617.8  802.2  731.1  846.9  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  4.9  26.2  -  -  FX	(gains)/losses  80.2  11.0  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  15.0  25.6  -  -  Other	(gains)/losses  5.9  (18.1)  -  -  Trading	and	bad	debt  7.1  -  -  -  Total	adjustments  113.2  44.6  -  -  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  1.0  0.8  1.0  0.8  Adjusted	EBITDA  730.1  846.0  730.1  846.0   |
|---|

## TABLE	16:	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS	-	ASSET	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  IFRS	Results  Adjusted	Results  For	the	quarters	ended  For	the	quarters	ended  Dec.  31,  2022  Sep.  30,  2022  Jun.  30,  2022  Mar.  31,  2022  Dec.  31,  2021  Dec.  31,  2022  Sep.  30,  2022  Jun.  30,  2022  Mar.  31,  2022  Dec.  31,  2021  Revenues  Asset	management	fees  382.3  390.9  408.9  442.5  469.6  382.3  390.9  408.9  442.5  469.6  Trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions  (123.8)	 	(126.8)	 	(131.9)	 	(143.9)	 	(152.6)  (123.8)	 	(126.8)	 	(131.9)	 	(143.9)	 	(152.6)  Net	asset	management	fees  258.5  264.1  277.0  298.6  316.9  258.5  264.1  277.0  298.6  316.9  Other	revenues  3.6  6.6  5.6  10.2  19.9  3.6  6.6  5.6  10.2  19.9  FX	gains/(losses)  15.5  (74.4)  (32.8)  11.4  (1.4)  -  -  -  -  -  Other	gains/(losses)  (6.5)  0.1  (1.1)  (4.4)  12.0  0.6  0.1  (2.3)  (4.4)  (4.8)  Total	net	revenues  271.2  196.4  248.7  315.8  347.5  262.8  270.7  280.2  304.4  332.1  Expenses  Selling,	general	&amp;	administrative  94.3  98.7  97.3  96.8  108.7  94.3  98.7  97.3  96.8  108.7  Other  -  7.2  -  -  (0.5)  -  -  -  -  (0.5)  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  0.9  1.0  1.0  1.0  0.5  0.9  1.0  1.0  1.0  0.5  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  4.7  5.0  5.0  5.0  5.4  4.7  5.0  5.0  5.0  5.4  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  0.6  0.6  0.6  0.6  0.6  -  -  -  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  11.0  2.6  2.3  (0.9)  10.4  -  -  -  -  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  1.6  3.2  (3.9)  4.0  14.2  -  -  -  -  -  Total	expenses  113.1  118.2  102.3  106.5  139.3  99.9  104.6  103.3  102.8  114.1  Pretax	income  158.0  78.2  146.4  209.3  208.1  162.8  166.1  176.9  201.6  218.0  Non-IFRS	adjustments  Pretax	income  158.0  78.2  146.4  209.3  208.1  162.8  166.1  176.9  201.6  218.0  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  0.6  0.6  0.6  0.6  0.6  -  -  -  -  -  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  4.7  5.0  5.0  5.0  5.4  4.7  5.0  5.0  5.0  5.4  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  0.9  1.0  1.0  1.0  0.5  0.9  1.0  1.0  1.0  0.5  EBITDA  164.2  84.7  153.0  215.9  214.7  168.4  172.1  183.0  207.6  223.9  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  1.6  3.2  (3.9)  4.0  14.2  -  -  -  -  -  FX	(gains)/losses  (15.5)  74.4  32.8  (11.4)  1.4  -  -  -  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  11.0  2.6  2.3  (0.9)  10.4  -  -  -  -  -  Other	(gains)/losses  7.1  -  (1.2)  -	 	 (16.8)  -  -  -  -  -  Trading	and	bad	debt  -  7.1  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total	adjustments  4.2  87.3  30.0  (8.3)  9.2  -  -  -  -  -  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  0.1  0.1  0.3  0.4  0.1  0.1  0.1  0.3  0.4  0.1  Adjusted	EBITDA  168.3  172.0  182.7  207.2  223.8  168.3  172.0  182.7  207.2  223.8   |
|---|

## Year	Ended	December	31,	2022

Pretax	income	for	the	asset	management	segment	was	$591.8	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	down	from $774.6	million	in	2021.		Adjusted	EBITDA	was	$730.1	million	for	2022,	compared	to	$846.0	million	for	2021.

## Revenues

Revenues	from	net	asset	management	fees	were	$1,098.2	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	a	decrease	from $1,217.6	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021.	Net	of	inter-segment	amounts,	net	asset	management	fees	were $1,112.3	million	for	2022,	versus	$1,234.7	million	for	2021.	The	decrease	in	net	asset	management	fees	from	prior	periods was	due	to	decreases	in	average	AUM.		Net	asset	management	fees	as	a	percentage	of	average	AUM	were	0.879%,	down from	0.883%	for	2021.

Other	revenue	in	2022	was	$(66.2)	million	compared	with	$64.0	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021.	For	the	year ended	December	31,	2022,	other	revenue	included	$80.2	million	of	foreign	exchange	losses.		This	compares	with	$11.0	million of	foreign	exchange	losses	in	2021.

## Expenses

SG&amp;A	expenses	for	the	asset	management	segment	were	$387.1	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	compared with	$426.0	million	for	2021.	Changes	from	the	prior	period	are	primarily	due	to	changes	in	expenses	that	vary	with	AUM, including	 portfolio	 management,	 regulatory	 expenses,	 and	 discretionary	 spend.	 As	 a	 percentage	 of	 average	 AUM,	 SG&amp;A expenses	were 0.310% for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	compared	to	0.309%	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021.

Trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions	were	$526.5	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	down	from	$592.4 million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021.Net	of	inter-segment	amounts,	this	expense	was	$494.5	million	for	the	year ended	December	31,	2022	versus	$557.4	million	for	2021.	Changes	from	the	prior	period	are	due	to	changes	in	average	AUM.

Other	expenses	were	$53.1	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	down	from	$81.0	million	in	2021.	Other	expenses in	2022	included	$15.0	million	of	transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal	charges	and	a	$4.9	million	non-cash	charge on	the	change	in	fair	value	of	acquisition	liabilities.	There	were	$25.6	million	of	transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and legal	 charges	 and	 a	 $26.2	 million	 non-cash	 charge	 on	 the	 change	 in	 fair	 value	 of	 acquisition	 liabilities	 for	 the	 year	 ended December	31,	2021.

## Quarter	Ended	December	31,	2022

Pretax	income	for	the	asset	management	segment	was	$158.0	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	down	from $208.1	million	in	the	same	period	in	2021	and	up	from	$78.2	million	in	the	prior	quarter.		Adjusted	EBITDA	was	$168.3	million for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	compared	to	$223.8	million	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021	and	$172.0	million	for	the	prior quarter.

## Revenues

Revenues	from	net	asset	management	fees	were	$258.5	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	a	decrease	from $316.9	 million	 for	 the	 quarter	 ended	 December	 31,	 2021	 and	 a	 decrease	 from	 $264.1	 million	 for	 the	 quarter	 ended September	30,	2022.		Net	of	inter-segment	amounts,	net	asset	management	fees	were	$262.2	million	for	the	fourth	quarter of	2022,	versus	$321.3	million	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021,	and	$267.5	million	for	the	third	quarter	of	2022.		The	decrease in	net	asset	management	fees	from	prior	periods	was	due	to	decreases	in	average	AUM.		Net	asset	management	fees	as	a percentage	of	average	AUM	were	0.872%,	down	from	0.879%	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	last	year	and	down	from	0.880%	in	the prior	quarter.

Other	 revenue	 in	 the	 fourth	 quarter	 of	 2022	 was	 $12.7	 million	 compared	 with	 $30.5	 million	 for	 the	 quarter	 ended December	 31,	 2021	 and	 $(67.7)	 million	 for	 the	 prior	 quarter.	 For	 the	 quarter	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022,	 other	 revenue included	$15.5	million	of	foreign	exchange	gains.		This	compares	with	$1.4	million	of	foreign	exchange	losses	in	the	same period	in	2021,	and	$74.4	million	of	foreign	exchange	losses	in	the	prior	quarter.

## Expenses

SG&amp;A	expenses	for	the	asset	management	segment	were	$94.3	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	compared with	$108.7	million	for	the	fourth	quarter	in	2021	and	$98.7	million	for	the	prior	quarter.		Changes	from	the	prior	periods	are primarily	 due	 to	 changes	 in	 expenses	 that	 vary	 with	 AUM,	 including	 portfolio	 management,	 regulatory	 expenses,	 and discretionary	 spend.	 As	 a	 percentage	 of	 average	 AUM,	 SG&amp;A	 expenses	 were	 0.318%	 for	 the	 quarter	 ended	 December	 31, 2022,	compared	to	0.301%	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2021	and	0.329%	for	the	quarter	ended	September	30,	2022.

Trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions	were	$123.8	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	down	from	$152.6 million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2021	and	down	from	$126.8	million	for	the	quarter	ended	September	30,	2022. Net	 of	 inter-segment	 amounts,	 this	 expense	 was	 $116.0	 million	 for	 the	 quarter	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022	 versus	 $143.6 million	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021	and	$119.2	million	for	the	third	quarter	of	2022.	Changes	from	the	prior	periods	are	due to	changes	in	average	AUM.

Other	expenses	were	$18.8	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	down	from	$30.7	million	in	the	same	quarter	of 2021	and	down	from	$19.5	million	in	the	third	quarter	of	2022.	Other	expenses	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022	included	$11.0 million	of	transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal	charges	and	a	$1.6	million	non-cash	charge	on	the	change	in	fair value	of	acquisition	liabilities.	There	were	$10.4	million	of	transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal	charges	and	a	$14.2 million	non-cash	charge	on	the	change	in	fair	value	of	acquisition	liabilities	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2021,	and $2.6	million	of	transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal	charges	and	a	$3.2	million	non-cash	charge	on	the	change	in fair	value	of	acquisition	liabilities	in	the	prior	quarter.

## CANADA	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT

## TABLE	17:	CANADA	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	CLIENT	ASSETS

| [billions	of	dollars]  Quarters	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Jun.	30,	2022  Mar.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Beginning	client	assets  74.0  74.1  79.0  80.6  76.9  Acquisitions  -  -  2.4  -  -  Net	flows	and	market	move  3.4  (0.2)  (7.2)  (1.7)  3.8  Ending	client	assets  77.4  74.0  74.1  79.0  80.6  Average	client	assets  77.3  76.0  77.7  79.0  78.9  Wealth	management	fees/average	client	assets  0.91	 %  0.90	 %  0.91	 %  0.95	 %  0.93	 %   |
|---|

## TABLE	18:	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS	-	CANADA	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  IFRS	Results  Adjusted	Results  For	the	years	ended  For	the	years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Revenues  Canada	wealth	management	fees  709.8  697.0  709.8  697.0  Other	revenues  93.1  58.6  93.2  58.6  FX	gains/(losses)  0.1  3.4  -  -  Other	gains/(losses)  -  (0.1)  -  7.0  Total	net	revenues  803.0  758.9  803.0  762.6  Expenses  Selling,	general	&amp;	administrative  175.1  148.0  174.4  148.0  Advisor	and	dealer	fees  550.2  551.5  550.2  551.5  Other  24.7  14.8  19.9  14.8  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  0.1  0.5  0.1  0.5  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  11.7  9.7  11.7  9.7  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  7.8  5.5  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  1.7  0.8  -  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  0.7  -  -  -  Total	expenses  771.9  730.7  756.3  724.5  Pretax	income  31.1  28.2  46.6  38.1  Non-IFRS	adjustments  Pretax	income  31.1  28.2  46.6  38.1  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  7.8  5.8  -  0.3  Amortization	of	equity	accounted	investments  0.1  -  -  -  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  11.7  9.7  11.7  9.7  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  0.1  0.5  0.1  0.5  EBITDA  50.8  44.1  58.4  48.5  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  0.7  -  -  -  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation	(included	in	SG&amp;A)  0.3  -  -  -  CIPW	adjustments	(included	in	SG&amp;A)  0.4  -  -  -  FX	(gains)/losses  (0.1)  (3.4)  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  1.7  0.8  -  -  Non-controlling	interest	reclassification	(included	in	Other)  4.0  -  -  -  Other	(gains)/losses  -  7.1  -  -  Trading	and	bad	debt  0.8  -  -  -  Total	adjustments  7.6  4.4  -  -  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  4.3  -  4.3  -  Adjusted	EBITDA  54.1  48.5  54.1  48.5   |
|---|

TABLE	19:	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS	-	CANADA	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  IFRS	Results  Adjusted	Results  For	the	quarters	ended  For	the	quarters	ended  Dec.  31,  2022  Sep.  30,  2022  Jun.  30,  2022  Mar.  31,  2022  Dec.  31,  2021  Dec.  31,  2022  Sep.  30,  2022  Jun.  30,  2022  Mar.  31,  2022  Dec.  31,  2021  Revenues  Canada	wealth	management	fees  176.8  171.7  175.6  185.7  184.3  176.8  171.7  175.6  185.7  184.3  Other	revenues  29.1  25.5  21.3  17.1  16.0  29.2  25.5  21.3  17.1  16.0  FX	gains/(losses)  (0.4)  0.5  -  0.1  0.8  -  -  -  -  -  Other	gains/(losses)  -  -  -  -  (0.1)  -  -  -  -  (0.1)  Total	net	revenues  205.5  197.7  196.9  202.9  201.1  206.0  197.2  196.9  202.8  200.3  Expenses  Selling,	general	&amp;	administrative  46.2  43.8  44.0  41.1  39.9  45.9  43.6  43.9  41.1  39.9  Advisor	and	dealer	fees  136.2  132.4  135.9  145.6  145.2  136.2  132.4  135.9  145.6  145.2  Other  9.3  8.2  4.0  3.2  3.2  8.1  6.3  3.2  2.4  3.2  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  -  -  (0.1)  0.2  0.2  -  -  (0.1)  0.2  0.2  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  3.2  3.2  2.8  2.5  2.3  3.2  3.2  2.8  2.5  2.3  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  2.1  2.1  2.1  1.6  1.5  -  -  -  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  0.2  0.3  0.4  0.8  0.1  -  -  -  -  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  1.9  (0.7)  (0.6)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total	expenses  199.1  189.3  188.5  195.0  192.6  193.4  185.6  185.6  191.7  191.0  Pretax	income  6.4  8.4  8.4  7.9  8.5  12.5  11.6  11.4  11.1  9.3  Non-IFRS	adjustments  Pretax	income  6.4  8.4  8.4  7.9  8.5  12.5  11.6  11.4  11.1  9.3  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  2.1  2.1  2.1  1.6  1.6  -  -  -  -  0.1  Amortization	of	equity	accounted	investments  0.1  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  3.2  3.2  2.8  2.5  2.3  3.2  3.2  2.8  2.5  2.3  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  -  -  (0.1)  0.2  0.2  -  -  (0.1)  0.2  0.2  EBITDA  11.8  13.7  13.1  12.1  12.6  15.8  14.9  14.0  13.8  11.9  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  1.9  (0.7)  (0.6)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation  (included	in	SG&amp;A)  0.2  0.1  0.1  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  CIPW	adjustments	(included	in	SG&amp;A)  0.1  0.1  0.1  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  FX	(gains)/losses  0.4  (0.5)  -  (0.1)  (0.8)  -  -  -  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  0.2  0.3  0.4  0.8  0.1  -  -  -  -  -  Non-controlling	interest	reclassification	(included	in  Other)  1.2  1.0  0.9  0.9  -  -  -  -  -  -  Trading	and	bad	debt  -  0.8  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total	adjustments  4.0  1.2  0.8  1.6  (0.7)  -  -  -  -  -  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  1.3  1.2  1.0  0.9  (1.5)  1.3  1.2  1.0  0.9  (1.5)  Adjusted	EBITDA  14.5  13.7  13.0  12.9  13.5  14.5  13.7  13.0  12.9  13.5   |
|---|

## Year	Ended	December	31,	2022

The	 Canadian	 Wealth	 Management	 segment	 had	 pretax	 income	 of	 $31.1	 million	 for	 the	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022, compared	to	$28.2	million	for	2021.		Adjusted	EBITDA	was $54.1	million	for	2022,	compared	to	$48.5	million	for	2021.

## Revenues

Canada	wealth	management	fees	were	$709.8	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	up	from	$697.0	million	for 2021.		The	increase	from	the	prior	period	primarily	relates	to	higher	average	wealth	management	assets.	Net	of	inter-segment amounts,	Canada	wealth	management	fee	revenue	was	$530.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	up	from	$506.8 million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021.

For	 the	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022,	 other	 revenue	 was	 $93.2	 million,	 up	 from	 $61.9	 million	 for	 the	 year	 ended December	31,	2021.	Other	revenue	is	derived	mainly	from	non-advisor	associated	activities,	and	included	foreign	exchange gains	of	$0.1	million	in 2022,	compared	to	gains	of	$3.4	million	in	2021.

## Expenses

Advisor	and	dealer	fees	were	$550.2	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	compared	to	$551.5	million	for	2021.		Net of	inter-segment	amounts,	advisor	and	dealer	fees	were	$406.0	million,	up	from	$396.7	million	for	2021.	The	changes	from the	prior	period	is	mainly	a	result	of	changes	in	client	asset	levels	and	associated	wealth	management		fee	revenues.

SG&amp;A	expenses	for	the	segment	were	$175.1	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	compared	to	$148.0	million	in 2021.	The	change	in	SG&amp;A	from	the	prior	period	is	mainly	attributable	to	changes	in	discretionary	spend	in	the	segment	and acquisitions	made	during	the	year.

Other	expenses	were	$46.7	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	up	from	$31.2	million	in	2021.	Other	expenses included	amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions	of	$7.8	million		in 2022,	compared	to	$5.5 million	in	2021.

## Quarter	Ended	December	31,	2022

The	Canadian	Wealth	Management	segment	had	pretax	income	of	$6.4	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022, compared	to	$8.5	million	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021	and	$8.4	million	for	the	prior	quarter.		Adjusted	EBITDA	was $14.5 million	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	compared	to	$13.5	million	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021	and	$13.7	million	for	the	prior quarter.

## Revenues

Canada	wealth	management	fees	were	$176.8	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	down	from	$184.3	million for	the	same	period	a	year	ago	and	up	from	$171.7	million	for	the	prior	quarter.		The	changes	from	prior	periods	primarily relates	to	changes	in	average	wealth	management	assets.	Net	of	inter-segment	amounts,	Canada	wealth	management	fee revenue	 was	 $133.1	 million	 for	 the	 quarter	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022,	 down	 from	 $134.9	 million	 for	 the	 quarter	 ended December	31,	2021	and	up	from	$129.2	million	for	the	quarter	ended	September	30,	2022.

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

For	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	other	revenue	was	$28.8	million,	up	from	$16.7	million	for	the	quarter	ended December	 31,	 2021	 and	 up	 from	 $26.0	 million	 for	 the	 prior	 quarter.	 Other	 revenue	 is	 derived	 mainly	 from	 non-advisor associated	activities,	and	included	foreign	exchange	losses	of	$0.4	million	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	compared	to	gains	of $0.8	million	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021,	and	gains	of	$0.5	million	in	the	prior	quarter.

## Expenses

Advisor	and	dealer	fees	were	$136.2	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022	compared	to	$145.2	million	for	the fourth	quarter	of	2021	and	$132.4	million	for	the	quarter	ended	September	30,	2022.		Net	of	inter-segment	amounts,	advisor and	dealer	fees	were	$101.1	million,	down	from	$104.8	million	for	the	same	quarter	last	year	and	up	from		$98.3	million	for the	prior	quarter.	The	changes	from	prior	periods	is	mainly	a	result	of	changes	in	client	asset	levels	and	associated	wealth management		fee	revenues.

SG&amp;A	expenses	for	the	segment	were	$46.2	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022	compared	to	$39.9	million	in the	fourth	quarter	of	2021	and	$43.8	million	in	the	third	quarter	of	2022.		The	change	in	SG&amp;A	from	prior	periods	is	mainly attributable	to	changes	in	discretionary	spend	in	the	segment.

Other	expenses	were	$16.8	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	up	from	$7.4	million	in	the	same	quarter	of 2021	and	up	from	$13.1	million	in	the	third	quarter	of	2022.		Other	expenses	included	amortization	of	intangible	assets	from acquisitions	of	$2.1	million	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	compared	to	$1.5	million	in	the	same	quarter	of	2021	and	$2.1 million	in	the	prior	quarter.

## U.S.	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT

TABLE	20:	U.S.	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	CLIENT	ASSETS

## Quarters	ended

| [billions	of	dollars]  Dec.	31,	2022  Sep.	30,	2022  Jun.	30,	2022  Mar.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Beginning	billable	client	assets  144.9  138.8  141.2  146.4  96.1  Acquisitions  24.9  -  7.1  1.1  49.3  Net	flows	and	market	move  4.4  6.2  (9.5)  (6.3)  1.0  Ending	billable	client	assets  174.3  144.9  138.8  141.2  146.4  Non-billable	client	assets  6.3  4.9  4.8  4.6  4.9  Total	client	assets  180.6  149.8  143.5  145.8  151.3  Fees/beginning	billable	client	assets  0.52	 %  0.47	 %  0.48	 %  0.46	 %  0.50	 %   |
|---|

## TABLE	21:	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS	-	U.S.	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  IFRS	Results  Adjusted	Results  For	the	years	ended  For	the	years	ended  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Dec.	31,	2022  Dec.	31,	2021  Revenues  U.S.	wealth	management	fees  687.6  345.0  687.6  345.0  Other	revenues  16.4  5.5  18.9  5.5  FX	gains/(losses)  -  (11.2)  -  -  Other	gains/(losses)  -  (0.1)  -  (0.1)  Total	net	revenues  704.0  339.3  706.5  350.4  Expenses  Selling,	general	&amp;	administrative  518.5  223.8  439.5  216.6  Other  2.8  10.7  2.8  10.7  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  2.5  1.1  2.5  1.1  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  18.1  8.2  18.1  8.2  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  95.5  48.0  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  46.1  9.6  -  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  21.9  123.7  -  -  Total	expenses  705.3  425.1  462.8  236.6  Pretax	income  (1.3)  (85.9)  243.7  113.9  Non-IFRS	adjustments  Pretax	income  (1.3)  (85.9)  243.7  113.9  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  95.5  49.3  -  1.3  Amortization	of	equity	accounted	investments  2.5  -  -  -  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  18.1  8.2  18.1  8.2  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  2.5  1.1  2.5  1.1  EBITDA  117.4  (27.1)  264.3  124.5  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  21.9  123.7  -  -  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation	(included	in	SG&amp;A)  23.9  7.2  -  -  CIPW	adjustments	(included	in	SG&amp;A)  55.1  -  -  -  FX	(gains)/losses  -  11.2  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  46.1  9.6  -  -  Total	adjustments  147.0  151.7  -  -  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  44.8  5.1  44.8  5.1  Adjusted	EBITDA  219.6  119.4  219.6  119.4   |
|---|

TABLE	22:	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS	-	U.S.	WEALTH	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT

| [millions	of	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  IFRS	Results  Adjusted	Results  For	the	quarters	ended  For	the	quarters	ended  Dec.  31,  2022  Sep.  30,  2022  Jun.  30,  2022  Mar.  31,  2022  Dec.  31,  2021  Dec.  31,  2022  Sep.  30,  2022  Jun.  30,  2022  Mar.  31,  2022  Dec.  31,  2021  Revenues  U.S.	wealth	management	fees  190.1  164.1  168.9  164.5  120.9  190.1  164.1  168.9  164.5  120.9  Other	revenues  2.9  4.2  4.5  4.8  1.3  5.5  4.2  4.5  4.8  1.3  FX	gains/(losses)  -  -  -  -  3.7  -  -  -  -  -  Total	net	revenues  193.1  168.2  173.4  169.2  125.9  195.6  168.3  173.5  169.2  122.2  Expenses  Selling,	general	&amp;	administrative  151.1  117.7  112.8  136.9  80.8  122.2  102.6  109.2  105.5  78.7  Other  (0.1)  1.8  0.7  0.4  2.9  (0.1)  1.8  0.7  0.4  2.9  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  0.8  0.7  0.6  0.5  0.4  0.8  0.7  0.6  0.5  0.4  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  5.2  4.8  4.1  3.9  3.1  5.2  4.8  4.1  3.9  3.1  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  23.8  25.0  24.7  21.9  16.1  -  -  -  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  30.0  10.2  2.0  3.9  3.1  -  -  -  -  -  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  73.3  20.0  (70.5)  (0.9)  29.7  -  -  -  -  -  Total	expenses  284.2  180.1  74.4  166.5  136.1  128.1  109.8  114.6  110.3  85.2  Pretax	income  (91.1)  (11.9)  99.0  2.7  (10.2)  67.4  58.4  58.9  59.0  37.0  Non-IFRS	adjustments  Pretax	income  (91.1)  (11.9)  99.0  2.7  (10.2)  67.4  58.4  58.9  59.0  37.0  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  23.8  25.0  24.7  21.9  16.5  -  -  -  0.5  Amortization	of	equity	accounted	investments  2.5  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Depreciation	and	other	amortization  5.2  4.8  4.1  3.9  3.1  5.2  4.8  4.1  3.9  3.1  Interest	and	lease	finance	expense  0.8  0.7  0.6  0.5  0.4  0.8  0.7  0.6  0.5  0.4  EBITDA  (58.8)  18.6  128.4  29.1  9.9  73.5  63.9  63.5  63.4  41.0  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  73.3  20.0  (70.5)  (0.9)  29.7  -  -  -  -  -  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation  (included	in	SG&amp;A)  1.3  3.7  0.6  18.2  2.1  -  -  -  -  -  CIPW	adjustments	(included	in	SG&amp;A)  27.6  11.4  3.0  13.2  -  -  -  -  -  -  FX	(gains)/losses  -  -  -  -  (3.7)  -  -  -  -  -  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  30.0  10.2  2.0  3.9  3.1  -  -  -  -  -  Total	adjustments  132.2  45.3  (64.9)  34.3  31.1  -  -  -  -  -  Less:	Non-controlling	interest  13.6  12.1  8.2  10.9  1.0  13.6  12.1  8.2  10.9  1.0  Adjusted	EBITDA  59.9  51.8  55.4  52.5  40.0  59.9  51.8  55.4  52.5  40.0   |
|---|

## Year	Ended	December	31,	2022

The	U.S.	wealth	management	segment	had	pretax	income	of	$(1.3)	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	compared to	$(85.9)	million	for	2021.		Adjusted	EBITDA	was $219.6	million	for	2022,	compared	to	$119.4	million	for	2021.

## Revenues

U.S.	wealth	management	fees	were	$687.6	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	up	from	$345.0	million	for	2021. The	increase	from	the	prior	year	primarily	related	to	higher	asset	levels	resulting	from	acquisitions	made	during	the	year.

For	 the	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022,	 other	 revenue	 was	 $16.4	 million,	 up	 from	 $(5.8)	 million	 for	 the	 year	 ended December	31,	2021.	Other	revenue	is	derived	mainly	from	non-advisor	associated	activities,	and	included	foreign	exchange gains	of	nil	in	2022,	compared	to	losses	of	$11.2	million	in	2021.

## Expenses

SG&amp;A	expenses	for	the	segment	were	$518.5	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	compared	to	$223.8	million	in 2021.	The	increase	in	SG&amp;A	from	the	prior	year	was	mainly	attributable	to	acquisitions	made	during	the	year.

Other	 expenses	 were	 $186.8	 million	 for	 the	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022,	 down	 from	 $201.4	 million	 in	 2021.	 Other expenses	included	a	$21.9	million	non-cash	charge	from	a	change	in	the	fair	value	of	acquisition	liabilities	in	2022,	compared to	 a	 charge	 of	 $123.7	 million	 in	 2021.	 Other	 expenses	 also	 included	 amortization	 of	 intangible	 assets	 from	 acquisitions	 of $95.5	million	for	the	year	ended		December	31,	2022,	up	from	$48.0	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021.	The	year ended	December	31,	2022	also	included	CIPW	related	adjustments	of	$55.1	million	compared	with	nil	in	2021.

## Quarter	Ended	December	31,	2022

The	 U.S.	 wealth	 management	 segment	 had	 pretax	 income	 of	 $(91.1)	 million	 for	 the	 quarter	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022, compared	to	$(10.2)	million	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021	and	$(11.9)	million	for	the	prior	quarter.		Adjusted	EBITDA	was $59.9	million	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	compared	to	$40.0	million	for	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021	and	$51.8	million	for the	prior	quarter.

## Revenues

U.S.	wealth	management	fees	were	$190.1	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	up	from	$120.9	million	for	the same	period	a	year	ago	and	up	from	$164.1	million	for	the	prior	quarter.		The	increases	from	the	prior	periods	primarily related	to	higher	asset	levels	resulting	from	acquisitions	made	during	the	year.

For	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	other	revenue	was	$3.0	million,	down	from	$5.0	million	for	the	quarter	ended December	31,	2021	and	down	from	$4.2	million	for	the	prior	 quarter.	 Other	 revenue	 is	 derived	 mainly	 from	 non-advisor associated	 activities,	 and	 included	 foreign	 exchange	 gains	 of	 nil	 in	 the	 fourth	 quarter	 of	 2022,	 compared	 to	 gains	 of	 $3.7 million	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021,	and	gains	of	nil	in	the	prior	quarter.

## Expenses

SG&amp;A	expenses	for	the	segment	were	$151.1	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022	compared	to	$80.8	million	in the	fourth	quarter	of	2021	and	$117.7	million	in	the	third	quarter	of	2022.	The	increases	in	SG&amp;A	from	the	prior	periods	as mainly	attributable	to	acquisitions	made	during	the	year	and	increases	in	discretionary	spend.

Other	expenses	were	$133.1	million	for	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022,	up	from	$55.3	million	in	the	same	quarter	of 2021	and	up	from	$62.4	million	in	the	third	quarter	of	2022.		Other	expenses	included	a	$73.3	million	non-cash	charge	from	a change	in	the	fair	value	of	acquisition	liabilities	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022,	compared	to	$29.7	million	in	the	same	quarter of	 2021	 and	 $20.0	 million	 in	 the	 prior	 quarter.	 	 Other	 expenses	 also	 included	 amortization	 of	 intangible	 assets	 from acquisitions	 of	 $23.8	 million	 for	 the	 quarter	 ended	 	 December	 31,	 2022,	 up	 from	 $16.1	 million	 for	 the	 quarter	 ended December	31,	2021	and	down	from	$25.0	million	for	the	prior	quarter.		The	quarter	ended	December	31,	2022	also	included CIPW	related	adjustments	of	$27.6	million	compared	with	nil	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2021	and		$11.4	million	in	the	third quarter	of	2022.

## LIQUIDITY	AND	CAPITAL	RESOURCES

CI	generated	$687.4	million	of	free	cash	flow	in	2022,	compared	to	$687.7	million	for	the	same	period	in	2021.

CI	primarily	uses	cash	flow	to	fund	capital	expenditures,	fund	acquisitions,	pay	down	debt,	pay	dividends	on	its	shares,	and repurchase	shares	through	its	normal	course	issuer	bid.	At	current	levels	of	cash	flow	and	anticipated	dividend	payout	rates, CI	expects	to	meet	its	obligations	and	support	planned	business	operations.

CI's	 cash	 flows	 may	 fluctuate,	 primarily	 in	 the	 first	 quarter,	 as	 a	 result	 of	 the	 balance	 of	 cash	 income	 taxes	 and	 incentive compensation	related	to	the	prior	year	being	paid	at	the	end	of	February.

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

## TABLE	23:	SUMMARY	OF	CASH	FLOWS

| Year	ended  Year	ended  [millions	of	dollars]  December	31,	2022  December	31,	2021  Cash	provided	by	operating	activities  478.9  666.0  Less:	Net	change	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities  (85.6)  15.7  Operating	cash	flow	before	the	change	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities  564.5  650.2  Adjustments:  FX	(gains)/losses  80.1  18.8  Trading	and	bad	debt  8.0  -  Other	(gains)/losses  -  7.1  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  62.7  35.9  Total	adjustments  150.8  61.8  Tax	effect	(recovery)	of	adjustments  (37.4)  (18.1)  Less:  Non-controlling	interest  (9.4)  6.2  Free	cash	flow  687.4  687.7  Less:  Investments	in	marketable	securities,	net	of	marketable	securities	sold  (93.2)  (10.3)  Capital	expenditures  17.5  7.8  Share	repurchases,	net	of	shares	issued  229.7  364.3  Dividends	paid  137.4  146.4  (Increase)	/	decrease	in	debt  (262.5)  (1,013.6)  Acquisitions,	net	of	cash	acquired  472.5  934.6  Net	issuance	of	CIPW	unit	liabilities  (85.7)  -  Cash	paid	to	settle	acquisition	liabilities  198.2  290.0  Working	capital	and	other	items  150.8  221.3  764.7  940.5  Net	change	in	cash  (77.2)  (252.8)  Cash	at	January	1  230.8  483.6  Cash	at	December	31  153.6  230.8   |
|---|

During		2022,	CI	invested	$3.3	million	in	marketable	securities	and	received	$96.5	million	in	proceeds	from	the	disposition	of marketable	securities.	Excluding	CI	Investment	Services'	securities	owned,	at	market,	the	fair	value	of	CI's	investments	as	of December	31,	2022	was	$20.6	million.	This	was	comprised	of	seed	capital	investments	in	CI	funds	and	strategic	investments.

During	the	year	ended December	31,	2022,	CI	invested	$17.5	million	in	capital	assets,	up	from	$7.8	million	in	the	year	ended December	31,	2021. These	investments	related	primarily	to	leasehold	improvements	and	technology.

During	2022,	certain	partners	and	employees	subscribed	for	CIPW	units	resulting	in	total	cash	proceeds	of	$85.7	million.

During	the	year	ended December	31,	2022,	CI	repurchased	14.2	million	shares	under	its	normal	course	issuer	bid	at	a	total cost	of	$232.0	million,	or	$16.28	per	share.	CI	had	184,517,832	shares	outstanding	at	the	end	of	December,	which	differs	from CI's	TSX-listed	shares	outstanding	of	186,285,351	by	the	amount	of	restricted	employee	shares	held	in	trust.

CI	paid	dividends	of	$137.4	million	during	the	year	ended December	31,	2022.	The	Board	of	Directors	declared	a	quarterly dividend	 of	 $0.18	 per	 share,	 payable	 on	 July	 14,	 2023,	 to	 shareholders	 of	 record	 on	 June	 30,	 2023.	 All	 dividends	 are designated	as	eligible	dividends	unless	indicated	otherwise,	as	required	under	the	Income	Tax	Act	(Canada).

The	statement	of	financial	position	for	CI	at	December	31,	2022	reflected	total	assets	of	$9.7	billion,	an	increase	of	$1.0	billion from	total	assets	of	$8.7	billion	at	December	31,	2021.

CI's	 cash	 and	 cash	 equivalents	 decreased	 by	 $77.2	 million	 in	 2022	 to	 $153.6	 million.	 	 Accounts	 receivable	 and	 prepaid expenses	increased	by	$25.8	million	to	$298.8	million	as	of	December	31,	2022.	Capital	assets	increased	by	$3.0	million	during the	twelve	months	ended	December	31,	2022,	the	change	was	driven	by	$17.5	million	in	capital	additions,	including	those from	acquisitions,	$1.0	million	in	currency	translation,	less	$12.5	million	in	amortization	and	$4.3	million	in	disposals.

Total	liabilities	increased	by	$1.0	billion	to	$8.1	billion	at December	31,	2022	from	$7.0	billion	at	December	31,	2021.

At	December	31,	2022,	CI	had	$3,919.9	million	in	outstanding	debentures	with	a	weighted	average	interest	rate	of	3.98%,	a weighted	average	maturity	of	12.5	years,	and	a	carrying	value	of	$3,896.2	million.	In	January	2021,	CI	raised	US$260	million	by re-opening	 the	 December	 2020	 debenture	 issuance.	 In	 June	 2021,	 CI	 issued	 US$900	 million	 of	 debentures	 with	 a	 30-year maturity	and	announced	its	intention	to	use	part	of	the	proceeds	towards	the	repayment	of	outstanding	indebtedness	on	its credit	facility.	CI	also	completed	the	early	redemption	of	$200	million	of	debentures	maturing	in	November	2021	and	$325 million	 of	 debentures	 maturing	 in	 July	 2023	 in	 the	 first	 quarter	 of	 2021.	 In	 December	 2022,	 CI	 refinanced	 existing indebtedness	by	issuing	 $400	 million	 of	 debentures	 with	 a	 3-year	 maturity.	 On	 December	 31,	 2022,	 CI	 had	 drawn	 $320.0 million	against	its	$700.0	million	credit	facility.	In	February	2023,	CI	entered	into	a	new	$600.0	million	credit	facility	with	four Canadian	banks	and	paid	off	its	previous	credit	facility.	 	 Terms	 under	 the	 new	 facility	 are	 generally	 similar	 to	 its	 previous facility	 except	 for	 the	 upper	 limit	 of	 the	 financial	 covenant	 to	 remain	 below	 4.75:1	 until	 December	 30,	 2023,	 and	 4.50:1 thereafter.	Principal	repayments	on	any	drawn	amounts	are	only	required	at	the	maturity	of	the	facility,	which	is	May	27, 2024.

Net	debt,	as	discussed	in	the	'Non-IFRS	Measures'	section	and	as	set	out	in	Table	5,	was	$4,058.8	million	at	December	31, 2022,	up	from	$3,453.4	million	at	December	31,	2021.	The	average	gross	debt	level	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022 was	$3,906.5	million,	compared	to	$2,975.0	million	last	year.

CI's	ratios	of	debt	to	adjusted	EBITDA	and	net	debt	to	adjusted	EBITDA	were	4.4	to	1	and	4.2	to	1,	respectively,	using	current quarter	adjusted	EBITDA	annualized.	CI	was	within	its	financial	covenant	of	4.5	to	1	with	respect	to	its	credit	facility.

Shareholders'	equity	was	$1.6	billion	at	December	31,	2022,	an	increase	of	$21.3	million	from	December	31,	2021.

## RISK	MANAGEMENT

CI	 is	 exposed	 to	 a	 number	 of	 risks	 that	 are	 inherent	 in	 the	 wealth	 and	 asset	 management	 business.	 Some	 factors	 which introduce	 or	 exacerbate	 risk	 are	 within	 the	 control	 of	 management	 and	 others	 are,	 by	 their	 nature,	 outside	 of	 CI's	 direct control	but	must	still	be	managed.	Effective	risk	management	is	a	key	component	to	achieving	CI's	business	objectives	and

protecting	 company	 and	 client	 assets.	 It	 is	 an	 ongoing	 process	 involving	 the	 Board	 of	 Directors	 and	 the	 Company's	 Risk Management	 Committee,	 comprising	 senior	 executives	 from	 CI's	 business	 and	 operating	 units.	 The	 Board	 has	 delegated primary	responsibility	for	oversight	of	risk	management	to	the	Audit	and	Risk	Committee	of	the	Board	of	Directors.

CI	has	developed	an	enterprise-wide	approach	to	identifying,	evaluating,	monitoring	and	managing	risk.	The	members	of	the Risk	Management	Committee	identify	and	evaluate	specific	and	material	risks,	applying	both	a	quantitative	and	a	qualitative analysis	to	assess	the	likelihood	and	impact	of	occurrence	of	a	particular	risk	event.	Once	risks	have	been	identified	and	rated, strategies	 and	 procedures	 are	 developed	 to	 minimize,	 transfer	 or	 avoid	 negative	 consequences.	 These	 risk	 mitigation processes	are	implemented	and	monitored	with	each	business	unit.	Risk	updates	are	regularly	provided	by	the	Chief	Risk Officer	to	the	Audit	and	Risk	Committee	of	CI's	board.

The	risks	set	out	below	are	risks	and	uncertainties	that	CI	believes	could	materially	affect	CI's	ability	to	achieve	its	strategic and	business	objectives	and	impact	future	financial	performance;	however,	they	are	not	the	only	risks	facing	CI.	The	reader should	carefully	consider	the	risks	described	below,	and	the	other	information	contained	in	this	MD&amp;A,	including	under	the heading	'Forward-Looking	Statements'	before	making	an	investment	decision.

## MARKET	RISK

Market	risk	is	the	risk	of	a	financial	loss	resulting	from	adverse	changes	in	underlying	market	factors,	such	as	interest	rates, equity	 and	 commodity	 prices,	 and	 foreign	 exchange	 rates.	 A	 description	 of	 each	 component	 of	 market	 risk	 is	 described below:

CI's	financial	performance	is	indirectly	exposed	to	market	risk.	Any	decline	in	financial	markets	or	lack	of	sustained	growth	in such	markets	may	result	in	a	corresponding	decline	in	the	performance	of	CI's	investment	funds	and	may	adversely	affect CI's	assets	under	management	and	wealth	management	assets.	This	may	reduce	management	fees	and	administration	fees, which	would	reduce	cash	flow	to	CI	and	ultimately	impact	CI's	ability	to	meet	its	financial	obligations.

At	December	31,	2022,	approximately 36% of	CI's	core	assets	under	management	were	held	in	fixed-income	securities,	which are	exposed	to	interest	rate	risk.	An	increase	in	interest	rates	causes	market	prices	of	fixed-income	securities	to	fall,	while	a decrease	in	interest	rates	causes	market	prices	to	rise.	CI's	fund	managers	invest	in	a	well-diversified	portfolio	of	securities across	 issuers,	 durations	 and	 maturities,	 which	 reduces	 risk.	 CI	 estimates	 that	 a	 100	 basis	 point	 change	 in	 interest	 rates across	the	yield	curve	would	cause	a	change	of	approximately	$10	million	to	$20	million	in	annual	pre-tax	earnings.

About	64%	of	CI's	core	assets	under	management	were	held	in	equity	securities	at	December	31,	2022,	which	are	subject	to equity	risk.	Equity	risk	is	classified	into	two	categories:	general	equity	risk	and	issuer-specific	risk.	CI	employs	internal	and external	fund	managers	to	take	advantage	of	their	expertise	in	particular	market	niches,	sectors	and	products	and	to	reduce issuer-specific	risk	through	diversification.	CI	estimates	that	a	10%	change	in	the	value	of	equities	would	cause	a	change	of approximately	$65	million	to	$75	million	in	annual	pre-tax	earnings.

At	 December	 31,	 2022,	 about	 43%	 of	 CI's	 core	 assets	 under	 management	 were	 based	 in	 Canadian	 currency.	 While	 CI's concentration	in	Canadian	currency	assets	reduces	its	exposure	to	foreign	exchange	risk,	approximately	43%	of	CI's	core

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

assets	 under	 management	 were	 based	 in	 U.S.	 currency.	 Any	 change	 in	 the	 value	 of	 the	 Canadian	 dollar	 relative	 to	 U.S. currency	will	cause	fluctuations	in	CI's	assets	under	management.	CI	estimates	that	a	10%	change	in	Canadian/U.S.	exchange rates	would	cause	a	change	of	approximately	$35	million	to	$45	million	in	annual	pre-tax	earnings.	While	portfolio	managers may	employ	currency	hedging	strategies	to	mitigate	the	impact	of	currency	fluctuations,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	such strategies,	if	employed,	will	be	successful.	The	exposures	and	sensitivities	noted	above	do	not	account	for	any	such	currency hedging	strategies.

In	 addition,	 CI	 has	 certain	 debt	 obligations	 that	 are	 denominated	 in	 U.S.	 dollars.	 At	 December	 31,	 2022,	 CI	 had	 par	 value US$1.9	billion	of	debentures	outstanding.		Any	change	in	the	value	of	the	Canadian	dollar	relative	to	the	U.S.	dollar	will	impact the	translation	of	this	obligation	into	Canadian	dollars	and	the	gain	or	loss	would	be	reflected	in	CI's	income.		CI	estimates	that a	100	basis	point	change	in	Canadian/U.S.	exchange	rates	would	cause	a	change	of	approximately	$18.6	million	in	annual	pretax	earnings	related	to	the	currency	translation	of	these	debentures.

CI	has	operations	in	the	United	States,	where	the	U.S.	dollar	is	the	functional	currency.	Changes	in	the	value	of	the	Canadian dollar	relative	to	the	U.S.	dollar	would	impact	the	translation	of	net	income	from	CI's	U.S.	operations	into	Canadian	dollars.	CI estimates	that	a	100	basis	point	change	in	Canadian/U.S.	exchange	rates	would	cause	a	change	of	approximately	$1.3	million in	annual	pre-tax	earnings.

There	are	risks	and	limitations	with	relying	on	models	and	it	is	possible	that	actual	results	may	differ	from	those	presented above.	CI	has	a	control	environment	that	ensures	market	risks	are	reviewed	regularly.	CI's	compliance	group	reviews	and monitors	 CI's	 fund	 and	 portfolio	 investments	 for	 compliance	 with	 investment	 policies	 and	 regulations.	 CI	 also	 reviews investment	processes,	portfolio	positioning	and	attribution	of	results	of	its	investment	teams	on	a	regular	basis.

## POLITICAL	AND	MACRO-ECONOMIC	RISK

CI's	performance	is	directly	affected	by	the	performance	of	the	financial	markets	which	may	be	influenced	by	various	political, demographic	 and	 macro-economic	 conditions	 or	 events,	 including	 any	 political	 change,	 change	 in	 government	 policy, conflicts,	pandemics,	economic	sanctions	and	uncertainty,	globally.	These	changes	may	cause	significant	volatility	and	decline in	the	global	economy	or	specific	international,	regional	and	domestic	financial	markets	which	are	beyond	the	control	of	CI. There	can	be	no	assurance	that	financial	market	performance	will	be	favourable	in	the	future.	Any	decline	in	financial	markets or	lack	of	sustained	growth	in	such	markets	may	result	in	a	corresponding	decline	in	performance,	which	could	negatively impact	 CI's	 business	 and	 impede	 the	 growth	 of	 CI's	 wealth	 management	 assets	 and	 assets	 under	 management	 and corresponding	revenue.

## REDEMPTION	RISK

Management	fees	are	earned	for	advising	and	managing	investment	fund	assets.	The	level	of	these	assets	is	dependent	on	(i) sales;	 (ii)	 redemptions;	 and	 (iii)	 investment	 performance.	 Sales	 and	 redemptions	 may	 fluctuate	 depending	 on	 market	 and economic	conditions,	investment	preference,	or	other	factors.

Significant	redemptions	could	adversely	affect	investor	fund	returns	by	impacting	market	values	and	increasing	transaction costs	or	taxable	distributions,	which	could	negatively	impact	the	prospects	and	operating	results	of	CI.

A	rapid	and	sustained	increase	in	redemptions,	particularly	in	the	face	of	severe	market	volatility,	may	also	adversely	affect fund	 liquidity,	 which	 in	 turn	 could	 negatively	 affect	 CI's	 reputation	 and/or	 result	 in	 further	 declines	 in	 assets	 under management,	all	of	which	could	have	an	unfavourable	impact	on	our	business,	financial	condition	or	operating	results.

## COMPETITION	RISK

CI	 operates	 in	 a	 highly	 competitive	 environment,	 with	 competition	 based	 on	 a	 variety	 of	 factors,	 including	 the	 range	 of products	 offered,	 level	 of	 fees	 charged,	 investment	 performance,	 types	 of	 services	 offered,	 brand	 recognition,	 business reputation,	financing	strength,	management	and	sales	relationships,	and	quality	of	service.	CI	competes	with	a	large	number of	 wealth	 management	 and	 asset	 management	 companies	 and	 other	 providers	 of	 investment	 products,	 investment management	 firms,	 broker-dealers,	 banks,	 insurance	 companies	 and	 other	 financial	 institutions.	 CI's	 competitors	 seek	 to expand	market	share	by	offering	different	products	and	services	and	more	competitive	pricing	than	those	offered	by	CI.	While CI	continues	to	develop	and	market	new	products	and	services	and	remains	competitive	with	respect	to	fees,	there	can	be	no assurance	that	CI	will	maintain	its	current	standing,	market	share,	investment	performance	or	fee	structure	relative	to	its competitors,	which	may	adversely	affect	the	business,	financial	condition	or	operating	results	of	CI.

## INFORMATION	TECHNOLOGY	AND	CYBER	RISK

CI	 uses	 information	 technology	 and	 the	 internet	 to	 streamline	 business	 operations	 and	 to	 improve	 the	 client	 and	 advisor experience.	CI	has,	more	recently,	been	expanding	its	online	footprint	by	automating	its	product	and	service	delivery	systems and	 acquiring	 digital	 platforms.	 The	 use	 of	 information	 technology	 and	 the	 internet,	 email	 messaging	 and	 other	 online capabilities,	 however,	 exposes	 CI	 to	 information	 security	 risk	 that	 could	 have	 an	 adverse	 impact	 on	 its	 business.	 CI	 is dependent	on	its	information	security	policies,	procedures	and	capabilities	to	protect	its	computer	and	telecommunications systems	and	the	data	that	it	stores	on	or	transmits	through	its	information	technology	systems.

Cybersecurity	threats	and	attacks,	privacy	and	security	breaches,	insider	threats	or	other	incidents	and	malicious	internetbased	activity	continue	to	increase	generally,	evolve	in	nature	and	become	more	sophisticated.	In	addition,	the	COVID-19 pandemic	has	required	businesses	to	operate	extensively	with	remote	work	arrangements	resulting	in	an	increase	in	their exposure	to	information	technology	and	cyber	risks.	The	increased	dependence	on	and	the	use	of	online	platforms,	network infrastructure,	 remote	 connectivity	 and	 third-party	 services	 may	 lead	 to	 an	 increase	 in	 the	 incidence	 of	 cyber-attacks, malicious	 activity	 including	 phishing	 emails,	 malware-embedded	 apps	 and	 targeting	 of	 vulnerabilities	 in	 remote	 access platforms.	Any	information	technology	event,	such	as	a	cybersecurity	breach	or	intrusion	into	CI's	information	technology systems,	 or	 failure	 to	 implement	 sufficient	 controls,	 could	 result	 in	 unauthorized	 access	 to	 sensitive	 or	 confidential information,	loss	or	theft	of	data,	operational	disruption,	regulatory	actions,	legal	liability	or	reputational	harm	and	have	an adverse	effect	on	CI's	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	CI	actively	monitors	this	risk	and	continues	to	develop	and implement	technology-enabled	controls	 to	 protect	 against	 cyber	 threats	 that	 are	 becoming	 increasingly	 sophisticated	 and pervasive.	In	addition,	CI	has	and	will	continue	to	implement	safeguards	to	control	access	to	sensitive	information,	through

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

password	protection,	encryption	of	confidential	information	and	other	means.	CI	also	has	back-up	systems	to	ensure	business continuity	in	the	event	of	a	failure	resulting	from	an	attack.	Notwithstanding	these	measures,	there	is	no	assurance	that	CI	can fully	mitigate	the	risks	associated	with	information	technology	security.	CI	is	dependent	on	the	efficiency	and	effectiveness	of the	technology	it	uses	to	secure	its	information	technology	environment,	the	diligence	of	its	employees	and	their	compliance with	 CI's	 information	 security	 policy,	 and	 the	 ability	 to	 keep	 pace	 with	 a	 continuously	 evolving	 information	 technology landscape.	 Malfunction	 of	 any	 technology	 used	 by	 CI,	 breaches	 of	 security	 policy	 	 or	 inability	 to	 keep	 pace	 with	 evolving cybersecurity	advancements	may	increase	CI's	exposure	to	cybersecurity	risk.

CI	relies	on	various	third-party	service	providers	to	deliver	its	services	to	clients	and	advisors.	While	CI	has	procedures	and practices	 in	 place	 to	 assess	 its	 third-parties'	 information	 technology	 systems,	 such	 third-parties	 may	 lack	 the	 necessary infrastructure	or	resources	or	may	otherwise	fail	to	adequately	protect	against	or	respond	to	a	cyber-attack,	data	breach	or other	incidents.	Any	such	event	could	expose	confidential,	proprietary,	or	other	sensitive	information	of	CI	and	its	clients, advisors,	 employees,	 or	 other	 counterparties	 that	 may	 be	 stored	 in,	 or	 transmitted	 through	 the	 third-parties'	 computer systems,	networks,	or	other	devices.	A	breach	in	a	third-party's	systems	could	also	cause	disruptions	in	CI's	operations	or those	of	its	clients	or	counterparties,	or	in	the	operations	of	other	third-parties	on	whom	CI	relies.

CI's	business	is	also	dependent	on	the	physical	integrity	of	its	infrastructure,	including	its	office	space,	storage	centers	and other	facilities.	CI	has	taken	precautions	to	protect	the	physical	security	of	its	infrastructure,	and	the	sensitive	information contained	 therein,	 through	 card	 access	 protection,	 biometrics	 and	 clean	 desk	 policies.	 However,	 a	 breach	 of	 the	 physical integrity	of	CI	infrastructure	may	leave	sensitive	information	vulnerable	to	unauthorized	access	and	use,	increasing	a	possible security	risk,	which	could	negatively	impact	CI's	reputation,	business,	operating	results,	and	financial	condition.

## PRIVACY	AND	DATA	MANAGEMENT	RISK

CI's	business	requires	the	creation,	collection,	use	and	sharing	of	personal	or	confidential	information.	The	management	and governance	of	personal	or	confidential	information	are	increasingly	important	as	CI	continues	to	invest	in	digital	solutions	and innovation,	as	well	as	expand	its	business	activities	both	domestically	and	in	foreign	jurisdictions.	CI's	failure	to	manage	and safeguard	its	information	may	result	in	legal	or	regulatory	consequences,	loss	of	competitive	advantage,	reputational	damage, or	financial	loss	to	CI.

CI	 is	 also	 subject	 to	 a	 number	 of	 laws	 and	 regulations	 in	 various	 jurisdictions	 regarding	 the	 collection,	 use,	 sharing	 or processing	 of	 personal	 information	 belonging	 to	 its	 clients,	 employees,	 consultants	 and	 third-parties.	 These	 laws	 and regulations	 are	 subject	 to	 frequent	 modification	 and	 require	 ongoing	 compliance	 supervision.	 Further,	 government	 and regulatory	 oversight	 of	 data	 privacy	 has	 increased	 in	 recent	 years,	 resulting	 in	 heightened	 data	 security	 and	 handling requirements	and	expanded	incident	response	and	reporting	obligations.	CI's	failure	to	comply	with	such	laws	and	regulations could	lead	to	significant	fines,	penalties	or	remediation	obligations	imposed	by	regulators,	as	well	as	costs	associated	with direct	claims	by	CI's	clients,	employees,	consultants	or	third-parties.

## PEOPLE	RISK

The	ability	of	CI	to	achieve	operational,	business	and	strategic	objectives	is	dependent	upon,	among	other	things,	the	skills and	expertise	of	its	management,	employees	and	investment	advisors.

These	individuals	play	an	important	role	in	developing,	implementing,	operating,	managing	and	distributing	CI's	products	and services.	The	potential	inability	to	attract,	hire,	develop,	motivate,	and	retain	skilled	and	qualified	personnel	due	to	internal constraints	 or	 uncontrollable	 external	 factors	 could	 negatively	 affect	 CI's	 ability	 to	 compete	 and	 achieve	 its	 business objectives	and	strategic	priorities,	thereby	adversely	affecting	CI's	business,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operation.

We	may	also	experience	departures	of	key	personnel	in	the	future.	We	cannot	predict	the	impact	that	any	such	departures will	have	on	our	ability	to	achieve	our	objectives.

## OPERATIONAL	RISK

Operational	risk	is	the	risk	of	loss	resulting	from	inadequate	or	failed	internal	processes,	people,	systems	or	external	events. The	operational	risk	that	CI	is	exposed	to	may	arise	from,	technology	failures,	business	disruption,	theft,	fraud,	failure	of	key third	parties,	employee	errors,	processing	and	execution	errors,	and	inaccurate	or	incomplete	client	information.	Operational risk	may	result	in	a	financial	loss	but	can	also	lead	to	regulatory	sanctions	and	harm	to	CI's	reputation.	Operational	risk	driven by	 people	 and	 processes	 are	 mitigated	 through	 human	 resources	 policies	 and	 practices,	 and	 a	 strong	 internal	 control environment.	Operational	risks	driven	by	systems	and	services	are	managed	through	controls	over	technology	development and	change	management	as	well	as	enhanced	procedures	for	oversight	of	third-party	service	providers.	While	CI	continuously monitors	its	operational	risks,	there	can	be	no	assurances	that	CI's	internal	control	procedures	can	mitigate	all	operational risks.

## STRATEGIC	RISK

Strategic	 risks	 are	 risks	 that	 directly	 impact	 the	 overall	 direction	 of	 CI	 and	 the	 ability	 of	 CI	 to	 successfully	 identify	 growth opportunities	 and	 implement	 proposed	 solutions.	 	 These	 risks	 include	 the	 risk	 of	 sub-optimal	 outcomes	 arising	 from	 CI's choice	of	strategies,	the	inability	to	implement	the	chosen	strategies	or	their	improper	implementation.		The	key	strategic	risk is	the	risk	that	management	fails	to	anticipate,	and	respond	to,	changes	in	the	business	environment,	including	demographic, regulatory	and	competitive	changes.	CI's	performance	is	directly	affected	by	the	financial	market	and	business	conditions, including	the	legislation	and	policies	of	the	governments	and	regulatory	authorities	having	jurisdiction	over	CI's	operations. These	are	beyond	the	control	of	CI;	however,	an	important	part	of	the	risk	management	process	is	the	ongoing	review	and assessment	 of	 industry	 and	 economic	 trends	 and	 changes.	 Strategies	 are	 then	 designed	 to	 effectively	 respond	 to	 any anticipated	changes,	including	identifying	acquisition	opportunities,	developing	new	business	lines,	introducing	new	products, and	implementing	cost	control	strategies.

Part	of	CI's	strategy	includes	strategic	acquisitions	and	investments	in	growth	opportunities.	Strategic	acquisitions	may	benefit CI	through	increasing	fee	earning	assets,	broadening	CI's	distribution	relationships,	enhancing	CI's	business	capabilities	and capturing	cost	synergies.		CI	embarks	on	a	thorough	due	diligence	process	prior	to	any	acquisition;	however,	there	can	be	no

assurances	 that	 the	 anticipated	 benefits	 of	 any	 acquisition	 will	 be	 achieved.	 	 CI	 may	 be	 unable	 to	 find	 suitable	 firms	 or companies	to	acquire	or	may	be	unable	to	realize	the	financial	and	strategic	benefits	of	an	acquisition	or	transaction	due	to competitive	 factors,	 market	 conditions,	 inability	 to	 retain	 key	 employees,	 inability	 to	 integrate	 operations	 or	 obtain	 cost synergies,	 regulatory	 requirements,	 or	 other	 factors	 which	 could	 have	 an	 adverse	 impact	 on	 CI's	 strategic	 and	 financial objectives.	In	addition,	the	capital	utilized	to	finance	any	acquisition	or	transaction	could	limit	CI's	ability	to	deploy	further capital	to	pursue	other	opportunities	and	initiatives	which	could	impact	CI's	strategic	and	financial	objectives.

## DISTRIBUTION	RISK

CI's	 asset	 management	 segment	 distributes	 its	 investment	 products	 through	 a	 number	 of	 distribution	 channels,	 including financial	 institutions,	 broker-dealers,	 independent	 financial	 advisors	 and	 insurance	 advisors.	 CI's	 ability	 to	 market	 its investment	products	is	highly	dependent	on	continued	access	to	these	distribution	channels	which	is	impacted	by,	among other	things,	the	strength	of	its	relationships	within	each	of	them.	While	CI	continues	to	work	to	develop	new	relationships and	enhance	existing	relationships,	any	significant	reduction	in	access	to	any	of	its	larger	distribution	channels	could	lead	to	a significant	reduction	in	sales	or	result	in	redemptions	of	CI's	investment	products	which	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect on	the	results	of	operations	of	the	asset	management	segment,	and	in	turn,	CI.

The	 market	 for	 financial	 advisors	 is	 extremely	 competitive	 and	 is	 increasingly	 characterized	 by	 frequent	 movement	 by financial	 advisors	 among	 different	 firms.	 Individual	 financial	 advisors	 of	 CI's	 wealth	 management	 businesses	 have	 regular direct	 contact	 with	 clients,	 which	 can	 lead	 to	 a	 strong	 and	 personal	 client	 relationship	 based	 on	 the	 client's	 trust	 in	 the individual	 financial	 advisor.	 The	 loss	 of	 a	 significant	 number	 of	 financial	 advisors	 from	 any	 of	 CI's	 wealth	 management businesses	 could	 lead	 to	 the	 loss	 of	 client	 accounts	 which	 could	 lead	 have	 a	 material	 adverse	 effect	 on	 the	 results	 of operations	and	prospects	of	that	business.

## THIRD	PARTY	RISK

CI	regularly	engages	in	a	variety	of	third-party	relationships,	including	independent	contractors,	custodians,	administrators, and	 other	 service	 suppliers	 to	 carry	 out	 certain	 transactions	 and	 services	 and	 to	 provide	 expertise	 and	 efficiencies	 that support	our	business	and	operational	activities.	The	inability	 of	 a	 third-party	 to	 meet	 their	 ongoing	 service	 commitments, failure	to	process	transactions	completely	and	accurately,	failure	to	safeguard	sensitive	client	or	corporate	information,	failure to	perform	to	expected	standards,	and	the	failure	to	have	adequate	disaster	recovery	and	business	continuity	plans	could result	in	adverse	reputational,	regulatory,	operational,	and	financial	impacts	to	CI.

## BUSINESS	CONTINUITY	RISKS

CI's	 business,	operations	and	financial	results	may	be	adversely	affected	by	its	ability	to	mitigate	the	effect	of	natural	and man-made	 disasters,	 including	 floods,	 earthquakes,	 tornadoes,	 fires,	 civil	 unrest,	 wars,	 epidemics,	 and	 pandemics.	 The occurrence	of	any	of	these	events	may	pose	significant	challenges	to	CI's	business	continuity,	either	by	exacerbating	one	or more	of	 the	 other	 risks	 described	 in	 this	 section,	 or	 by	 introducing	 new	 risks.	 CI	 has	 a	 Business	 Continuity	 Program	 that includes	Crisis	Management,	Business	Continuity	and	Technology	Recovery	response	plans.	CI's	Crisis	Management	Team	is

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

comprised	 of	 senior	 leadership	 who	 are	 responsible	 for	 crisis	 confirmation	 and	 management.	 In	 addition,	 this	 team	 is responsible	for	setting	strategy,	overseeing	response,	and	ensuring	appropriate	subject	matter	experts	are	engaged	in	the scenario-dependent	 crisis	 response.	 CI	 has	 a	 comprehensive	 and	 stress-tested	 business	 continuity	 plan	 and	 technology recovery	 plan	 in	 place	 to	 deal	 with	 disaster-related	 scenarios,	 however	 there	 can	 be	 no	 assurance	 that	 such	 plan	 will	 be effective	to	mitigate	any	adverse	effects	on	CI's	business,	financial	condition	or	operating	results	as	a	result	of	any	natural	or man-made	disasters	or	other	similar	events,	including	the	recent	COVID-19	pandemic.

## LIQUIDITY	RISK

Liquidity	risk	is	the	risk	that	CI	may	not	be	able	to	generate	or	obtain	sufficient	funds	in	a	timely	or	cost-effective	manner	to meet	contractual	or	anticipated	commitments	as	they	come	due.	We	expend	significant	resources	investing	in	our	business. As	a	result,	reduced	levels	of	liquidity	could	have	a	significant	negative	effect	on	us.	Some	potential	conditions	that	could negatively	 affect	 our	 liquidity	 include	 diminished	 access	 to	 the	 debt	 or	 capital	 markets,	 unforeseen	 or	 increased	 cash	 or capital	requirements,	adverse	legal	settlements	or	judgments	or	illiquid	or	volatile	markets.

## LIQUIDITY	RISK	FOR	THE	ASSET	MANAGEMENT	SEGMENT

CI	is	also	exposed	to	the	risk	of	its	investment	funds	not	being	able	to	meet	their	redemption	obligations	due	to	an	inability	to liquidate	 the	 underlying	 assets	 in	 a	 timely	 manner.	 This	 could	 be	 caused	 by	 insufficient	 liquid	 assets	 in	 the	 fund,	 an unexpected	 spike	 in	 redemptions	 triggered	 by	 negative	 market	 information,	 sentiment	 or	 contagion,	 adverse	 liquidity conditions	in	the	financial	markets,	procedural	issues	that	may	delay	the	liquidation	of	securities	or	other	factors.	Inability	to meet	 its	 redemption	 obligations	 may	 lead	 to	 legal	 liability,	 regulatory	 action	 and	 reputational	 damage.	 CI	 has	 robust mechanisms	in	place	to	monitor	and	maintain	adequate	liquidity	in	its	investment	fund	portfolios	at	all	times.	However,	CI	has no	control	over	extreme	market	events	that	may	result	in	the	sudden	loss	of	liquidity	or	trigger	a	run	on	the	funds.

## REGULATORY	AND	LEGAL	RISK

CI's	business	is	dependent	upon	compliance	with	and	continued	registration	under	securities	laws	in	all	jurisdictions	in	which CI	and	its	subsidiaries	carry	on	business.	The	laws	and	regulations	are	complex,	evolving,	potentially	unclear	or	duplicative	and in	 some	 cases	 inconsistent	 across	 various	 jurisdictions,	 and	 we	 are	 required	 to	 expend	 significant	 resources	 in	 order	 to maintain	our	monitoring	of,	and	compliance	with,	such	laws	and	regulations.	Laws	and	regulations	applied	at	the	national	and provincial	or	state	level	generally	grant	governmental	agencies	and	self-regulatory	bodies	broad	administrative	discretion	over the	 activities	 of	 CI,	 including	 the	 power	 to	 limit	 or	 restrict	 business	 activities	 as	 well	 as	 impose	 additional	 disclosure requirements	on	CI	products	and	services.	Failure	to	comply	with	applicable	legal	and	regulatory	requirements	could	result	in legal	 proceedings,	financial	losses,	regulatory	sanctions,	enforcement	actions,	an	inability	to	execute	business	strategies,	a decline	 in	 investor	 and	 customer	 confidence,	 and	 damage	 to	 CI's	 reputation.	 Possible	 sanctions	 include	 the	 revocation	 or imposition	of	conditions	on	licenses	to	operate	certain	businesses,	the	suspension	or	expulsion	from	a	particular	market	or jurisdiction	 of	 any	 of	 CI's	 business	 segments	 or	 its	 key	 personnel	 or	 financial	 advisors,	 and	 the	 imposition	 of	 fines	 and censures.

Regulatory	developments	may	result	in	increasingly	stringent	interpretation	and	enforcement	of	existing	laws	and	regulations, amendments	to	existing	laws	and	regulations,	or	the	introduction	of	new	laws	and	regulations,	any	of	which	may	adversely impact	CI's	 business	 or	 operations.	 Regulatory	 developments	 may	 include	 changes	 in	 tax	 treatment,	 changes	 in	 disclosure requirements,	 changes	 in	 investment	 restrictions	 or	 changes	 impacting	 dealer	 and	 advisor	 compensation.	 In	 addition, increasing	complexity	in	the	securities	regulatory	environment	governing	CI's	business	may	require	us	to	incur	costs	related	to the	addition	of	specialized	legal	and	compliance	resources.	To	the	extent	that	any	such	developments	adversely	affect	the	sale of	CI's	products	or	services,	impair	the	investment	performance	of	CI's	products,	or	result	in	lower	operating	margins,	CI's aggregate	assets	under	management,	revenues	and	earnings	may	be	adversely	affected.	While	CI	actively	monitors	relevant regulatory	developments,	our	ability	to	mitigate	the	impact	of	any	such	developments	is	limited.

Given	the	nature	of	CI's	business,	CI	may	from	time	to	time	be	subject	to	claims	or	complaints	from	investors	or	others	in	the normal	course	of	business.	The	legal	risks	facing	CI,	its	directors,	officers,	employees	or	agents	in	this	respect	include	potential liability for violations of corporate laws, securities laws, stock exchange	 rules, inappropriate investment advisory recommendations,	and	misuse	of	investors'	funds.	Some	violations	of	corporate	laws,	securities	laws	or	stock	exchange	rules could	result	in	civil	or	criminal		liability,	fines,	sanctions,	or	expulsion	from	a	self-	regulatory	organization	or	the	suspension	or revocation	of	CI's	right	to	carry	on	an	existing	business.	CI	may	incur	significant	costs	or	face	action	in	connection	with	such potential	liabilities	or	litigation	that	could	materially	affect	its	business,	operations,	or	financial	condition.

## REPUTATION	RISK

Reputation	risk	is	the	risk	of	the	potential	negative	impact	arising	from	the	deterioration	of	CI's	image,	adverse	stakeholder perception	 or	 lower	 public	 confidence	 in	 the	 CI	 brand,	 its	 senior	 management	 or	 its	 products	 and	 services	 due	 to (i)	operational	errors,	poor	performance,	misconduct	and	other	actions	or	inactions	of	CI,	its	employees	or	third-party	service providers;	(ii)	regulatory	investigation	or	sanctions,	or	litigation;	and	(iii)	negative	public	sentiment.	In	addition,	perceptions	of conflicts	 of	 interest	 and	 rumors,	 among	 other	 developments,	 could	 substantially	 damage	 our	 reputation,	 even	 if	 they	 are baseless	or	satisfactorily	addressed.	Through	its	Codes	of	Conduct,	governance	practices,	risk	management	programs,	policies, procedures	and	training,	CI	attempts	to	prevent	and	detect	any	activities	by	CI	officers,	directors,	and	employees	that	would harm	CI's	reputation.	However,	the	sources	of	reputation	risk	can	be	extensive	and	their	impact	on	CI's	reputation	could	last long	after	 the	 issues	 are	 satisfactorily	 addressed.	 Damage	 to	 CI's	 reputation	 can	 result	 in	 reduced	 share	 price	 and	 market capitalization,	 increased	 cost	 of	 capital,	 loss	 of	 strategic	 flexibility,	 inability	 to	 enter	 or	 expand	 into	 markets,	 loss	 of	 client loyalty	 and	 business,	 regulatory	 fines	 or	 penalties	 or	 restrictive	 agreements	 with	 regulators	 or	 prosecutors.	 While	 all employees,	directors	and	officers	are	expected	to	protect	the	reputation	of	CI,	there	can	be	no	assurances	that	unauthorized activities	of	such	persons	may	occur	which	could	result	in	damage	to	CI's	reputation,	which	in	turn	could	adversely	affect	CI's business	and	profitability.

## INTERNAL	CONTROLS	OVER	FINANCIAL	REPORTING	RISK

CI's	business,	operations,	financial	results,	share	price	and	reputation	may	be	adversely	affected	by	its	inability	to	maintain	an effective	system	of	internal	controls	over	financial	reporting.

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

During	the	evaluation	of	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	internal	controls	over	financial	reporting	conducted	for	the December	31,	2021	fiscal	period,	management	determined	it	did	not	design	and	maintain	effective	controls	with	respect	to:	i) the	validation	of	the	completeness	and	accuracy	of	interfaces,	data	inputs	and	information	produced	by	the	entity	('IPE') used	in	the	performance	of	various	controls;		ii)	non-routine	complex	accounting	matters.

Management	has	been	actively	engaged	in	the	implementation	of	controls	which	are	designed	to	remediate	the	material weaknesses	identified	during	the	December	31,	2021	reporting	period.			Management	has	and	continues	to	test	these	controls to	ensure	they	are	operating	effectively	over	a	sufficient	period	of	time	in	order	to	conclude	they	are	fully	remediated.

Disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	will	not	prevent	all	misstatements.	The	design of	a	system	of	internal	controls	is	based	in	part	upon	certain	assumptions	about	the	likelihood	of	future	events,	and	there	can be	no	assurance	that	the	design	will	succeed	in	achieving	the	stated	goals	under	all	potential	future	conditions.		Nevertheless, management	has	designed	and	implemented	controls	to	mitigate	this	risk	to	the	extent	practicable.

## CREDIT	RISK

Credit	risk	is	the	risk	of	loss	associated	with	the	inability	of	a	third	party	to	fulfill	its	payment	obligations.	CI	is	exposed	to	the risk	that	third	parties	that	owe	it	money,	securities	or	other	assets	will	not	perform	their	obligations.	These	parties	include trading	counterparties,	customers,	clearing	agents,	exchanges,	clearing	houses	and	other	financial	intermediaries,	as	well	as issuers	whose	securities	are	held	by	CI.	These	parties	may	default	on	their	obligations	due	to	bankruptcy,	lack	of	liquidity, operational	 failure	 or	 other	 reasons.	 CI	 does	 not	 have	 significant	 exposure	 to	 any	 individual	 counterparty.	 Credit	 risk	 is mitigated	 by	 regularly	 monitoring	 the	 credit	 performance	 of	 individual	 counterparties	 and	 holding	 collateral	 where appropriate.

One	of	the	primary	sources	of	credit	risk	arises	when	CI	extends	credit	to	clients	to	purchase	securities	by	way	of	margin lending.	Margin	loans	are	due	on	demand	and	are	collateralized	by	the	financial	instruments	in	the	client's	account.	CI	faces	a risk	of	financial	loss	in	the	event	a	client	fails	to	meet	a	margin	call	if	market	prices	for	securities	held	as	collateral	decline	and if	CI	is	unable	to	recover	sufficient	value	from	the	collateral	held.	The	credit	extended	is	limited	by	regulatory	requirements and	by	CI's	internal	credit	policy.

## INSURANCE	RISK

CI	maintains	various	types	of	insurance	which	include	financial	institution	bonds,	errors	and	omissions	insurance,	directors', trustees'	 and	 officers'	 liability	 insurance,	 agents'	 insurance,	 general	 commercial	 liability	 insurance,	 and	 cyber	 liability insurance.	Management	evaluates	the	adequacy	of	CI's	insurance	coverage	on	an	ongoing	basis.	However,	there	can	be	no assurance	that	a	claim	or	claims	will	not	exceed	the	limits	of	available	insurance	coverage,	that	any	insurer	will	remain	solvent or	willing	to	continue	providing	insurance	coverage	with	sufficient	limits	or	at	a	reasonable	cost	or	that	any	insurer	will	not dispute	coverage	of	certain	claims	due	to	ambiguities	in	the	relevant	policies.	A	judgment	against	CI	in	excess	of	available coverage	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	CI	both	in	terms	of	damages	awarded	and	the	impact	on	the	reputation	of CI.

## TAXATION	RISK

CI	 is	 subject	 to	 various	 uncertainties	 concerning	 the	 interpretation	and	application	of	Canadian	tax	laws.	CI	Investments	is considered	a	large	case	file	by	the	Canada	Revenue	Agency	and,	as	such,	is	subject	to	audit	each	year.	There	is	a	significant	lag between	the	end	of	a	fiscal	year	and	when	such	audits	are	completed.	Therefore,	at	any	given	time,	several	years	may	be open	for	audit	and/or	adjustments.	While	CI	regularly	assesses	the	likely	outcome	of	these	audits	in	order	to	determine	the appropriateness	of	its	tax	provision,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	CI	will	accurately	predict	the	outcomes	of	these	audits.	If tax	authorities	disagree	with	CI's	application	of	such	tax	laws,	CI's	profitability	and	cash	flows	could	be	adversely	affected.

## SHARE	CAPITAL

As	at	December	31,	2022,	CI	had	184,517,832	shares	outstanding.

Employee	Incentive	Share	Option	Plan:	At	December	31,	2022,	0.5	million	options	to	purchase	shares	were	outstanding,	of which	0.1	million	options	were	exercisable	at	prices	ranging	from	$18.99	to	$28.67.

Restricted	Share	Unit	('RSU')	Plan:	1,804,838	RSUs	were	outstanding	as	at	December	31,	2022.

Deferred	Share	Unit	('DSU')	Plan:	72,264	DSUs	were	outstanding	as	at	December	31,	2022.

Additional	details	about	the	above	Plans	can	be	found	in	Note	9	to	the	Interim	Condensed	Consolidated	Financial	Statements.

## CONTRACTUAL	OBLIGATIONS

The	table	that	follows	summarizes	CI's	contractual	obligations	at	December	31,	2022.

TABLE	24:	PAYMENTS	DUE	BY	YEAR

| [millions	of	dollars]  Total  1	year  or	less  2  3  4  5  More	than  5	years  Long-term	debt  4,239.8  320.0  301.4  850.0  0.0  250.0  2,518.4  Leases  366.6  35.5  31.4  35.6  32.1  31.0  201.0  Deferred	consideration  310.2  217.1  91.6  1.5  -  -  -  Contingent	consideration  366.0  254.3  90.2  21.5  -  -  -  Put	option  50.2  26.2  5.6  16.0  -  2.4  -  Total  5,332.8  853.1  520.2  924.6  32.1  283.4  2,719.4   |
|---|

CI's	liabilities	include	CIPW	unit	liabilities	of	$766.0	million	which	have	no	fixed	maturity	date.	On	termination	of	employment or	services	provided	by	a	Partner	of	CIPW,	CIPW	will	purchase	all	vested	units	held	by	the	Partner.	At	any	time	after	the	third anniversary	of	a	Partner	first	becoming	a	Partner,	such	Partner	may	request	liquidity	for	vested	units	(subject	to	certain	caps, volume	limitation,	true-ups,	and	claw	backs).

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

## SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	ESTIMATES

The	December	31,	2022	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	have	been	prepared	in	accordance	with	IFRS.	For	a	discussion	of	all significant	accounting	policies,	refer	to	Note	1	of	the	Notes	to	the	2022	Consolidated	Financial	Statements.	Note	2	provides	a discussion	regarding	the	methodology	used	for	business	acquisitions.	Note	4	provides	a	discussion	regarding	the	recoverable amount	of	CI's	goodwill	and	intangible	assets	compared	to	its	carrying	value.

## OFF-BALANCE	SHEET	ARRANGEMENTS

CI's	off-balance	sheet	arrangements	include	loan	guarantees	with	various	third-party	banks.		There	are	no	other	significant off-balance	sheet	arrangements.		See	Note	16	to	the	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	for	more	information.

## CONTROLS	AND	PROCEDURES

The	 Company's	 Chief	 Executive	 Officer	 (CEO)	 and	 the	 Chief	 Financial	 Officer	 (CFO),	 together	 with	 management,	 are responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	the	Company's	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	as	well	as	its	internal	control over	financial	reporting	(as	those	terms	are	defined	in	National	Instrument	52-109	-	Certification	of	Disclosure	in	Issuers' Annual	and	Interim	Filings	of	the	Canadian	securities	regulatory	authorities)	in	order	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	that:

- material	information	relating	to	the	Company	has	been	made	known	to	them;
- information	 required	 to	 be	 disclosed	 in	 the	 Company's	 filings	 is	 recorded,	 processed,	 summarized	 and	 reported within	the	time	periods	specified	in	securities	legislation;	and
- the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	is	in	accordance with	IFRS.

An	evaluation	of	the	design	and	effectiveness	of	the	Company's	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	as	well	as	internal	controls over	financial	reporting	was	carried	out	under	the	supervision	of	the	CEO	and	CFO.	In	making	this	evaluation,	the	CEO	and	the CFO	used	the	criteria	set	forth	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO)	Internal Control	-	Integrated	Framework	(2013).

During	the	evaluation	of	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and		internal	controls	over	financial	reporting	conducted	for	the December	31,	2021	fiscal	period,	management	determined	it	did	not	design	and	maintain	effective	controls	with	respect	to: i)	the	validation	of	the	completeness	and	accuracy	of	interfaces,	data	inputs	and	information	produced	by	the	entity	('IPE') used	in	the	performance	of	various	controls;		ii)	non-routine	complex	accounting	matters.

## Status	of	Management's	Remediation	Initiatives

Management	 has	 been	 actively	 engaged	 in	 the	 implementation	 of	 remediation	 efforts	 to	 address	 the	 material	 weakness identified	during	the	December	31,	2021	reporting	period	and	continues	to	test	these	controls	to	ensure	they	are	operating effectively	over	a	sufficient	period	of	time	in	order	to	conclude	they	are	fully	remediated.

## |	MANAGEMENT'S	DISCUSSION	&amp;	ANALYSIS	|

The	 CEO	 and	 CFO	 do	 not	 expect	 that	 disclosure	 controls	 and	 procedures	 or	 internal	 control	 over	 financial	 reporting	 will prevent	all	misstatements.	The	design	of	a	system	of	internal	controls	is	based	in	part	upon	certain	assumptions	about	the likelihood	of	future	events,	and	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	the	design	will	succeed	in	achieving	the	stated	goals	under	all potential	future	conditions.	Nevertheless,	management	has	designed	and	implemented	controls	to	mitigate	this	risk	to	the extent	practicable.

Management	has	 concluded	 that	 the	 Company's	 audited	 consolidated	 financial	 statements	 as	 at	 and	 for	 the	 year	 ended December	31,	2022	present	fairly,	in	all	material	respects,	the	Company's	financial	position,	results	of	operations,	changes	in equity	and	cash	flows	in	accordance	with	IFRS.

## Changes	in	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting

There	were	no	changes	in	the	Company's	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	during	the	year	ended	December	31,		2022, that	 have	 materially	 affected,	 or	 are	 reasonably	 likely	 to	 materially	 affect	 the	 Company's	 internal	 control	 over	 financial reporting.

Additional	information	relating	to	CI,	including	the	most	recent	audited	annual	financial	statements,	management	information	circular	and annual	information	form,	is	available	on	SEDAR	at	www.sedar.com	and	on	CI's	website	at	www.cifinancial.com.	Information	contained	in	or otherwise	accessible	through	the	websites	mentioned	in	this	MD&amp;A	does	not	form	part	of,	and	is	not	incorporated	by	reference	into,	this MD&amp;A.

## Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

CI FINANCIAL CORP.

To	the	Shareholders	of	CI	Financial	Corp.

## Opinion

We	 have	 audited	 the	 consolidated	 financial	 statements	 of	 CI	 Financial	 Corp.	 ('the	 Company'),	 which	 comprise	 the consolidated	statements	of	financial	position	as	at	December	31,	2022	and	2021,	and	the	consolidated	statements	of		income and	comprehensive	income,	consolidated	statements	of	changes	in	equity	and	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows	for	the years	then	ended,	and	notes	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	including	a	summary	of	significant	accounting	policies.

In	 our	 opinion,	 the	 accompanying	 consolidated	 financial	 statements	 present	 fairly,	 in	 all	 material	 respects,	 the	 financial position	of	the	Company	as	at	December	31,	2022	and	2021,	and	its	financial	performance	and	its	cash	flows	for	the	years then	ended	in	accordance	with	International	Financial	Reporting	Standards	(IFRS).

## Basis	for	Opinion

We	conducted	our	audit	in	accordance	with	Canadian	generally	accepted	auditing	standards.	Our	responsibilities	under	those standards	are	further	described	in	the	Auditor's	responsibilities	for	the	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	section of	our	report.	We	are	independent	of	the	Company	in	accordance	with	the	ethical	requirements	that	are	relevant	to	our	audit of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	in	Canada,	and	we	have	fulfilled	our	other	ethical	responsibilities	in	accordance	with these	requirements.	We	believe	that	the	audit	evidence	we	have	obtained	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for our	opinion.

## Key	Audit	Matters

Key	 audit	 matters	 are	 those	 matters	 that,	 in	 our	 professional	 judgment,	 were	 of	 most	 significance	 in	 the	 audit	 of	 the consolidated	financial	 statements	 of	 the	 current	 period.	 These	 matters	 were	 addressed	 in	 the	 context	 of	 the	 audit	 of	 the consolidated	financial	statements	as	a	whole,	and	in	forming	the	auditor's	opinion	thereon,	and	we	do	not	provide	a	separate opinion	on	these	matters.	For	each	matter	below,	our	description	of	how	our	audit	addressed	the	matter	is	provided	in	that context.

We	have	 fulfilled	 the	 responsibilities	 described	 in	 the Auditor's	 responsibilities	 for	 the	 audit	 of	 the	 consolidated	 financial statements section	of	our	report,	including	in	relation	to	these	matters.		Accordingly,	our	audit	included	the	performance	of procedures	 designed	 to	 respond	 to	 our	 assessment	 of	 the	 risks	 of	 material	 misstatement	 of	 the	 consolidated	 financial statements.	The	results	of	our	audit	procedures,	including	the	procedures	performed	to	address	the	matters	below,	provide the	basis	for	our	audit	opinion	on	the	accompanying	consolidated	financial	statements.

## Independent	Auditor's	Report

## Business	Combinations

## Description	of	the	Matter

During	 2022,	 the	 Company	 completed	 multiple	 acquisitions	 accounted	 for	 as	 business	 combinations	 which,	 in	 aggregate, amounted	to	$1,013	million	in	total	consideration,	as	disclosed	in	Note	2	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	The	cost	of an	acquisition	is	measured	as	the	aggregate	fair	values	of	the	assets	given,	equity	instruments	issued,	and	liabilities	incurred or	assumed	as	at	the	date	of	acquisition.	The	purchase	consideration	for	most	acquisitions	includes	an	estimation	of	the	fair value	of	liabilities	associated	with	potential	earn-out	provisions	('contingent	consideration').	The	fair	value	of	the	contingent consideration	is	based	upon	the	present	value	of	the	expected	future	payments	to	be	made	to	the	sellers	of	the	acquired businesses	in	accordance	with	the	performance	targets	contained	in	the	respective	purchase	agreements.	The	total	purchase consideration	 is	 allocated	 to	 the	 identifiable	 assets	 and	 liabilities	 acquired	 on	 the	 basis	 of	 their	 fair	 values	 at	 the	 date	 of acquisition.	 Where	 the	 purchase	 consideration	 allocated	 to	 the	 identifiable	 assets	 and	 liabilities	 acquired	 is	 less	 than	 the overall	consideration	given,	the	difference	is	accounted	for	as	goodwill.

Auditing	the	Company's	business	combinations	was	complex	due	to	the	degree	of	judgment	and	subjectivity	in	estimating	the fair	values	of	the	identified	assets	and	liabilities	of	the	acquiree	as	at	the	date	of	acquisition,	including	identifiable	intangible assets,	as	well	as	estimating	the	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration.	Management	estimated	the	fair	value	of	the	customer relationship	contracts	using	the	multi-period	excess	earnings	method,	which	is	a	specific	form	of	the	discounted	cash	flow method.	 Management	 estimated	 the	 fair	 value	 of	 contingent	 consideration,	 primarily	 using	 Monte-Carlo	 simulations, dependent	on	the	facts	of	the	respective	acquisitions.	The	fair	value	determination	of	the	customer	relationship	contracts, and	contingent	consideration	required	management	to	make	significant	estimates	and	assumptions	related	to	future	income statement	and	cash	flow	projections	of	the	acquired	businesses,	volatility	rates	and	the	selection	of	the	discount	rates.	These assumptions	are	unobservable	and	reflect	the	Company's	own	judgements	about	the	assumptions	market	participants	would use	in	pricing	the	assets	and	liabilities.

## How	We	Addressed	the	Matter	in	Our	Audit

To	test	the	estimated	fair	value	of	the	identified	assets,	and	contingent	consideration	resulting	from	the	business	acquisitions, with	the	assistance	of	our	valuation	specialists,	we	performed	audit	procedures	for	certain	acquisitions	that	included,	among others,	assessing	the	selection	and	application	of	the	discount	and	volatility	rates	by	evaluating	the	inputs	and	mathematical accuracy	 of	 the	 calculations,	 and	 developing	 a	 range	 of	 independent	 estimates	 and	 comparing	 those	 to	 the	 discount	 and volatility	rates	selected	by	management,	as	well	as	assessing	the	appropriateness	of	the	valuation	methodologies	and	models used.	We	evaluated	the	reasonableness	of	management's	income	statement	forecasts,	including	but	not	limited	to	EBITDA, revenue	growth	and	the	effects	of	AUM	growth	on	the	aforementioned	inputs,	as	well	as	cash	flow	forecasts,	including	but not	limited	to,	management	fee	rate,	attrition	rate	and	AUM	growth	used	in	the	valuation	of	contingent	consideration,	and intangibles	 respectively,	 by	 comparing	 to	 the	 Company's	 budgets	 and	 forecasts,	 the	 historical	 results	 of	 the	 acquired businesses,	 other	 guidelines	 used	 by	 companies	 within	 the	 same	 industry	 and	 other	 relevant	 factors.	 We	 also	 performed sensitivity	analyses	to	consider	the	impact	of	changes	in	the	valuation	of	the	intangibles	that	would	result	from	changes	in management's	assumptions.	We	read	the	purchase,	or	other	acquisition	related,	agreements	to	obtain	an	understanding	of

the	key	terms	and	conditions	and	to	identify	the	necessary	accounting	considerations.	We	also	assessed	the	adequacy	of	the Company's	disclosures	in	relation	to	this	matter.

## Contingent	Consideration	Subsequent	to	Acquisition

## Description	of	the	Matter

The	 Company	 recognized	 contingent	 consideration	 for	 acquisitions	 at	 fair	 value	 on	 the	 acquisition	 dates,	 as	 well	 as	 at December	 31,	 2022	 in	 the	 amount	 of	 $366	 million,	 as	 disclosed	 in	 Note	 7	 to	 the	 consolidated	 financial	 statements.	 The Company	remeasures	the	contingent	consideration	at	fair	value	at	each	reporting	date	until	the	contingency	is	resolved,	with any	resulting	gain	or	loss	recognized	in	net	income.

Auditing	the	valuation	of	the	Company's	contingent	consideration	is	considered	complex	due	to	the	degree	of	judgment	and subjectivity	 involved	 when	 assessing	 management's	 estimates.	 Management	 estimated	 the	 fair	 value	 of	 contingent consideration	at	December	31,	2022	primarily	using	Monte-Carlo	simulations.	The	fair	value	determination	of	the	contingent consideration	required	management	to	make	significant	estimates	and	assumptions	related	to	income	statement	projections of	the	acquired	businesses,	volatility	rates	and	the	selection	of	the	discount	rates.	These	assumptions	are	unobservable	and reflect	the	Company's	own	judgements	about	the	assumptions	market	participants	would	use	in	pricing	the	liability.

## How	We	Addressed	the	Matter	in	Our	Audit

To	test	the	estimated	fair	value	of	the	contingent	consideration,	we	performed	audit	procedures	that	included,	among	others, with	the	assistance	of	our	valuation	specialists,	assessing	the	selection	and	application	of	the	discount	and	volatility	rates	by evaluating	the	inputs	and	mathematical	accuracy	of	the	calculations,	and	developing	a	range	of	independent	estimates	and comparing	those	to	the	discount	and	volatility	rates	selected	by	management,	as	well	as	assessing	the	appropriateness	of	the valuation	 methodologies	 and	 models	 used.	 We	 evaluated	 the	 reasonableness	 of	 management's	 income	 statement projections,	 including	 but	 not	 limited	 to,	 EBITDA,	 revenue	 growth	 and	 the	 effects	 of	 AUM	 growth	 on	 the	 aforementioned inputs,	 used	 in	 the	 valuation	 of	 contingent	 consideration	 by	 comparing	 these	 forecasts	 to	 the	 historical	 results	 of	 each relevant	 acquired	 business,	 the	 Company's	 budgets	 and	 forecasts,	 other	 guidelines	 used	 by	 companies	 within	 the	 same industry	and	other	relevant	factors.	We	also	assessed	the	reasonability	of	management's	forecast	estimates	by	performing	a comparison	of	management's	past	projections	to	actual	results.	We	also	assessed	the	adequacy	of	the	Company's	disclosures in	relation	to	this	matter.

## Impairment	of	Indefinite	Life	Intangible	Assets,	Including	Goodwill

## Description	of	the	Matter

As	at	December	31,	2022	the	Company	had	$5,868	million	of	goodwill	and	fund	management	contracts	with	an	indefinite	life acquired	 in	 previous	 business	 acquisitions,	 as	 disclosed	 in	 Note	 4	 to	 the	 consolidated	 financial	 statements.	 The	 Company assesses	goodwill	and	intangibles	with	an	indefinite	life	for	impairment	annually,	or	more	frequently	if	impairment	indicators are	present.

Auditing	the	Company's	impairment	tests	was	complex	and	required	the	involvement	of	specialists	due	to	the	judgmental nature	of	key	assumptions	and	significant	estimation	required	to	determine	the	recoverable	amount	of	the	Cash	Generating Units	('CGUs')	or	groups	of	CGUs.	Significant	assumptions	in	the	estimate	of	the	recoverable	amount	included	discount	rates, and	certain	forward-looking	assumptions,	such	as	revenue	growth	and	operating	margins,	which	are	affected	by	expectations about	future	market	or	economic	conditions.

## How	We	Addressed	the	Matter	in	Our	Audit

To	test	the	estimated	recoverable	amount	of	the	CGUs,	or	groups	of	CGUs,	with	indefinite	lived	intangible	assets,	including goodwill,	 our	 audit	 procedures	 included,	 among	 others,	 with	 the	 assistance	 of	 our	 valuation	 specialists,	 assessing	 the methodologies	and	testing	the	significant	assumptions	discussed	above	and	the	underlying	data	used	by	the	Company	in	its assessment.	 We	 assessed	 the	 selection	 and	 application	 of	 the	 discount	 rate	 by	 evaluating	 the	 inputs	 and	 mathematical accuracy	 of	 the	 calculation	 and	 developing	 a	 range	 of	 independent	 estimates	 and	 comparing	 those	 to	 the	 discount	 rates selected	by	management.	We	assessed	the	reasonability	of	management's	forecast	estimates	by	performing	a	comparison	of management's	past	projections	to	actual	results.	We	also	compared	the	revenue	growth	and	operating	margin	assumptions	to externally	available	industry	and	economic	trends,	and	the	Company's	budgets,	forecasts	and	historical	results.	We	performed sensitivity	analyses	on	significant	assumptions	to	consider	the	impact	of	changes	in	the	recoverable	amount	of	the	CGU,	or groups	 of	 CGUs,	 that	 would	 result	 from	 changes	 in	 the	 assumptions.	 We	 also	 assessed	 the	 adequacy	 of	 the	 Company's disclosures	related	to	the	impairment	of	indefinite	lived	intangible	assets,	including	goodwill.

## CIPW	Unit	Liabilities

## Description	of	the	Matter

As	described	in	Note	8	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	the	Company	established	CIPW	Holdings,	LLC	('CIPW')	to serve	as	the	holding	entity	for	its	U.S.	wealth	management	operations.	With	the	launch	of	CIPW,	redeemable	units	of	CIPW were	(i)	issued	in	exchange	for	the	remaining	stakes	in	wealth	management	businesses	CIPW	did	not	fully	own;	(ii)	issued	in exchange	for	cash	consideration;	(iii)	granted	to	certain	employees;	and	(iv)	issued	to	settle	certain	contingent	consideration obligations	(collectively,	the	'CIPW	unit	transactions').

Auditing	the	Company's	determination	of	the	accounting	treatment	for	the	CIPW	unit	transactions	was	complex	and	required significant	 judgement	 in	 evaluating	 the	 key	 terms	 of	 the	 agreements	 associated	 with	 the	 CIPW	 unit	 transactions	 and	 in applying	the	relevant	accounting	guidance	thereto.	Auditing	the	application	of	IFRS	to	the	CIPW	unit	transactions	required	a high	degree	of	auditor	judgement	which	resulted	in	an	increased	extent	of	audit	effort	and	the	involvement	of	subject	matter resources.

## How	We	Addressed	the	Matter	in	Our	Audit

To	assess	the	accounting	treatment	for	the	CIPW	unit	transactions,	our	audit	procedures	included,	among	others,	obtaining and	 inspecting	 the	 relevant	 agreements	 to	 understand	 the	 key	 terms	 therein,	 and	 assessing	 whether	 all	 key	 facts	 and circumstances	were	incorporated	into	management's	analysis.	With	the	assistance	of	subject	matter	resources,	we	evaluated

management's	assessment	and	accounting	conclusions	reached	by	analyzing	the	specific	facts	and	circumstances	to	relevant accounting	guidance.	We	also	assessed	the	adequacy	of	the	Company's	disclosures	in	relation	to	this	matter.

## Other	information

Management	is	responsible	for	the	other	information.	The	other	information	comprises:

- Management's	Discussion	&amp;	Analysis
- The	information,	other	than	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	our	auditor's	report	thereon,	in	the Annual	Report.

Our	opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements	does	not	cover	the	other	information	and	we	do	not	express	any	form	of assurance	conclusion	thereon.	In	connection	with	our	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	our	responsibility	is	to read	 the	 other	 information,	 and	 in	 doing	 so,	 consider	 whether	 the	 other	 information	 is	 materially	 inconsistent	 with	 the consolidated	financial	statements	or	our	knowledge	obtained	in	the	audit,	or	otherwise	appears	to	be	materially	misstated.

We	obtained	Management's	Discussion	&amp;	Analysis	prior	to	the	date	of	this	auditor's	report.	If,	based	on	the	work	we	have performed,	we	conclude	that	there	is	a	material	misstatement	of	this	other	information,	we	are	required	to	report	that	fact	in this	auditor's	report.	We	have	nothing	to	report	in	this	regard.

The	Annual	Report	is	expected	to	be	made	available	to	us	after	the	date	of	the	auditor's	report.	If,	based	on	the	work	we	will perform	on	this	other	information,	we	conclude	there	is	a	material	misstatement	of	this	other	information,	we	are	required	to report	that	fact	to	those	charged	with	governance.

## Responsibilities	of	management	and	those	charged	with	governance	for	the	consolidated	financial	statements

Management	is	responsible	for	the	preparation	and	fair	presentation	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	in	accordance with	IFRSs,	and	for	such	internal	control	as	management	determines	is	necessary	to	enable	the	preparation	of	consolidated financial	statements	that	are	free	from	material	misstatement,	whether	due	to	fraud	or	error.

In	 preparing	 the	 consolidated	 financial	 statements,	 management	 is	 responsible	 for	 assessing	 the	 Company's	 ability	 to continue	as	a	going	concern,	disclosing,	as	applicable,	matters	related	to	going	concern	and	using	the	going	concern	basis	of accounting	unless	management	either	intends	to	liquidate	the	Company	or	to	cease	operations,	or	has	no	realistic	alternative but	to	do	so.

Those	charged	with	governance	are	responsible	for	overseeing	the	Company's	financial	reporting	process.

## Auditor's	responsibilities	for	the	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements

Our	objectives	are	to	obtain	reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	consolidated	financial	statements	as	a	whole	are	free from	 material	 misstatement,	 whether	 due	 to	 fraud	 or	 error,	 and	 to	 issue	 an	 auditor's	 report	 that	 includes	 our	 opinion. Reasonable	assurance	is	a	high	level	of	assurance,	but	is	not	a	guarantee	that	an	audit	conducted	in	accordance	with	Canadian generally	 accepted	 auditing	 standards	 will	 always	 detect	 a	 material	 misstatement	 when	 it	 exists.	 Misstatements	 can	 arise

from	fraud	or	error	and	are	considered	material	if,	individually	or	in	the	aggregate,	they	could	reasonably	be	expected	to influence	the	economic	decisions	of	users	taken	on	the	basis	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.

As	part	of	an	audit	in	accordance	with	Canadian	generally	accepted	auditing	standards,	we	exercise	professional	judgment and	maintain	professional	skepticism	throughout	the	audit.	We	also:

- Identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	whether	due to	fraud	or	error,	design	and	perform	audit	procedures	responsive	to	those	risks,	and	obtain	audit	evidence that	 is	 sufficient	 and	 appropriate	 to	 provide	 a	 basis	 for	 our	 opinion.	 The	 risk	 of	 not	 detecting	 a	 material misstatement	 resulting	 from	 fraud	 is	 higher	 than	 for	 one	 resulting	 from	 error,	 as	 fraud	 may	 involve collusion,	forgery,	intentional	omissions,	misrepresentations,	or	the	override	of	internal	control.
- Obtain	an	understanding	of	internal	control	relevant	to	the	audit	in	order	to	design	audit	procedures	that are	appropriate	in	the	circumstances,	but	not	for	the	purpose	of	expressing	an	opinion	on	the	effectiveness of	the	Company's	internal	control.
- Evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	accounting	policies	used	and	the	reasonableness	of	accounting	estimates and	related	disclosures	made	by	management.
- Conclude	on	the	appropriateness	of	management's	use	of	the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	and,	based on	the	audit	evidence	obtained,	whether	a	material	uncertainty	exists	related	to	events	or	conditions	that may	cast	significant	doubt	on	the	Company's	ability	to	continue	as	a	going	concern.	If	we	conclude	that	a material	 uncertainty	 exists,	 we	 are	 required	 to	 draw	 attention	 in	 our	 auditor's	 report	 to	 the	 related disclosures	 in	 the	 consolidated	 financial	 statements	 or,	 if	 such	 disclosures	 are	 inadequate,	 to	 modify	 our opinion.	Our	conclusions	are	based	on	the	audit	evidence	obtained	up	to	the	date	of	our	auditor's	report. However,	future	events	or	conditions	may	cause	the	Company	to	cease	to	continue	as	a	going	concern.
- Evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	including the	disclosures,	and	whether	the	consolidated	financial	statements	represent	the	underlying	transactions and	events	in	a	manner	that	achieves	fair	presentation.
- Obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the	financial	information	of	the	entities	or	business activities	 within	 the	 Company	 to	 express	 an	 opinion	 on	 the	 consolidated	 financial	 statements.	 We	 are responsible	for	the	direction,	supervision	and	performance	of	the	group	audit.	We	remain	solely	responsible for	our	audit	opinion.

We	communicate	with	those	charged	with	governance	regarding,	among	other	matters,	the	planned	scope	and	timing	of	the audit	and	significant	audit	findings,	including	any	significant	deficiencies	in	internal	control	that	we	identify	during	our	audit.

We	also	provide	those	charged	with	governance	with	a	statement	that	we	have	complied	with	relevant	ethical	requirements regarding	independence,	and	to	communicate	with	them	all	relationships	and	other	matters	that	may	reasonably	be	thought to	bear	on	our	independence,	and	where	applicable,	related	safeguards.

From	 the	 matters	 communicated	 with	 those	 charged	 with	 governance,	 we	 determine	 those	 matters	 that	 were	 of	 most significance	 in	 the	 audit	 of	 the	 consolidated	 financial	 statements	 of	 the	 current	 period	 and	 are	 therefore	 the	 key	 audit matters.	We	describe	these	matters	in	our	auditor's	report	unless	law	or	regulation	precludes	public	disclosure	about	the matter	or	when,	in	extremely	rare	circumstances,	we	determine	that	a	matter	should	not	be	communicated	in	our	report because	the	adverse	consequences	of	doing	so	would	reasonably	be	expected	to	outweigh	the	public	interest	benefits	of	such communication.

The	engagement	partner	on	the	audit	resulting	in	this	independent	auditor's	report	is	Gary	Chin.

Toronto,	Canada

/s/	Ernst	&amp;	Young	LLP Chartered	Professional	Accountants

Licensed	Public	Accountants

Toronto,	Canada March	13,	2023

## CONSOLIDATED	STATEMENTS	OF	FINANCIAL	POSITION

| As	at  As	at  December	31,	2022  December	31,	2021  [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars]  $  $  ASSETS  Current  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  [note	2]  153,620  230,779  Client	and	trust	funds	on	deposit  1,306,595  1,199,904  Investments  [note	13]  40,448  131,772  Accounts	receivable	and	prepaid	expenses  [note	2]  298,778  272,962  Income	taxes	receivable  33,989  3,607  Total	current	assets  1,833,430  1,839,024  Capital	assets,	net  [notes	2	and	3]  55,587  52,596  Right-of-use	assets  [notes	2	and	9]  139,422  142,606  Intangibles  [notes	2	and	4]  7,227,700  6,185,237  Deferred	income	taxes  [note	12]  54,415  56,901  Other	assets  [notes	2	and	5]  397,804  383,187  Total	assets  9,708,358  8,659,551  LIABILITIES	AND	EQUITY  Current  Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities  [note	2]  293,246  369,081  Current	portion	of	provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities  [notes	2	and	7]  502,746  197,994  CIPW	unit	liabilities  [notes	2	and	8]  765,959  374,438  Dividends	payable  [note	11]  66,426  71,072  Client	and	trust	funds	payable  1,312,640  1,202,079  Income	taxes	payable  3,044  19,035  Current	portion	of	long-term	debt  [note	6]  320,000  444,486  Current	portion	of	lease	liabilities  [notes	2	and	9]  23,994  20,216  Total	current	liabilities  3,288,055  2,698,401  Long-term	debt  [note	6]  3,896,214  3,331,552  Provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities  [notes	2	and	7]  270,567  379,641  Deferred	income	taxes  [note	12]  480,500  480,777  Lease	liabilities  [notes	2	and	9]  149,360  153,540  Total	liabilities  8,084,696  7,043,911  Equity  Share	capital  [note	10(a)]  1,706,880  1,810,153  Contributed	surplus  30,239  28,368  Deficit  (160,572)  (226,715)  Accumulated	other	comprehensive	income	(loss)  33,224  (23,289)  Total	equity	attributable	to	the	shareholders	of	the	Company  1,609,771  1,588,517  Non-controlling	interests  13,891  27,123  Total	equity  1,623,662  1,615,640  Total	liabilities	and	equity  9,708,358  8,659,551   |
|---|

(see	accompanying	notes)

On	behalf	of	the	Board	of	Directors:

<!-- image -->

William	T.	Holland Director

William	Butt Director

## CONSOLIDATED	STATEMENTS	OF	INCOME AND	COMPREHENSIVE	INCOME

## For	the	years	ended	December	31

| [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]  $  $  REVENUE  Canada	asset	management	fees  1,606,800  1,792,103  Trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions  (494,480)  (557,434)  Net	asset	management	fees  1,112,320  1,234,669  Canada	wealth	management	fees  530,682  506,793  U.S.	wealth	management	fees  687,607  345,042  Other	revenues  [note	5]  95,734  83,125  Foreign	exchange	(losses)  (80,132)  (18,776)  Other	gains	(losses)  (11,904)  18,730  Total	net	revenues  2,334,307  2,169,583  EXPENSES  Selling,	general	and	administrative  [notes	7	and	8]  1,020,049  742,322  Advisor	and	dealer	fees  406,038  396,712  Interest	and	lease	finance  [notes	6	and	9]  152,087  109,670  Amortization	and	depreciation  [note	19]  49,368  40,973  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  105,744  55,848  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal  62,743  35,942  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  [note	7]  27,427  149,905  Other  [note	5]  34,647  52,045  Total	expenses  1,858,103  1,583,417  Income	before	income	taxes  476,204  586,166  Provision	for	(recovery	of)	income	taxes  [note	12]  Current  179,152  216,211  Deferred  (4,777)  (42,419)  174,375  173,792  Net	income	for	the	year  301,829  412,374  Net	income	attributable	to	non-controlling	interests  2,072  3,046  Net	income	attributable	to	shareholders  299,757  409,328  Basic	earnings	per	share	attributable	to	shareholders  [note	10(e)]  $1.59  $2.03  Diluted	earnings	per	share	attributable	to	shareholders  [note	10(e)]  $1.58  $2.02  Other	comprehensive	income	(loss),	net	of	tax  Exchange	differences	on	translation	of	foreign	operations  59,219  (2,675)  Total	other	comprehensive	income	(loss),	net	of	tax  59,219  (2,675)  Comprehensive	income	for	the	year  361,048  409,699  Comprehensive	income	attributable	to	non-controlling	interests  4,854  2,914  Comprehensive	income	attributable	to	shareholders  356,194  406,785  2022  2021   |
|---|

(see	accompanying	notes)

## CONSOLIDATED	STATEMENTS	OF	CHANGES	IN	EQUITY

## For	the	years	ended	December	31

| [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars]  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  Balance,	January	1,	2022  1,810,153  28,368  (226,715)  (23,289)  1,588,517  27,123  1,615,640  Comprehensive	income  -  -  299,757  56,437  356,194  4,854  361,048  Dividends	declared  [note	11]  -  -  (132,729)  -  (132,729)  -  (132,729)  Shares	repurchased,	net	of	tax  (121,342)  -  (100,752)  -  (222,094)  -  (222,094)  Business	combination	and	acquisition  of	minority	interests  [note	2]  -  -  (133)  76  (57)  (12,422)  (12,479)  Issuance	of	share	capital	for	business  combinations,	net	of	transaction  costs	and	tax  [notes	2	and	10]  1,952  -  -  -  1,952  -  1,952  Issuance	of	share	capital	for	equity-  based	plans,	net	of	tax  16,117  (16,117)  -  -  -  -  -  Compensation	expense	for	equity-  based	plans,	net	of	tax  -  18,000  -  -  18,000  -  18,000  Net	distributions	to	non-controlling  interests  -  (12)  -  -  (12)  (5,664)  (5,676)  Change	during	the	year  (103,273)  1,871  66,143  56,513  21,254  (13,232)  8,022  Balance,	December	31,	2022  1,706,880  30,239  (160,572)  33,224  1,609,771  13,891  1,623,662  Balance,	January	1,	2021  1,867,997  22,817  (287,621)  (20,746)  1,582,447  35,283  1,617,730  Comprehensive	income  -  -  409,328  (2,543)  406,785  2,914  409,699  Dividends	declared  [note	11]  -  -  (142,481)  -  (142,481)  -  (142,481)  Shares	repurchased,	net	of	tax  (147,585)  -  (208,234)  -  (355,819)  -  (355,819)  Business	combination	and	acquisition  of	minority	interests  [note	2]  -  -  2,293  2,293  (8,732)  (6,439)  Issuance	of	share	capital	for	business  combinations,	net	of	transaction  costs	and	tax  [notes	2	and	10]  78,916  -  -  -  78,916  -  78,916  Issuance	of	share	capital	for	equity-  based	plans,	net	of	tax  10,825  (10,825)  -  -  -  -  -  Compensation	expense	for	equity-  based	plans,	net	of	tax  -  16,376  -  -  16,376  -  16,376  Net	distributions	to	non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  (2,342)  (2,342)  Change	during	the	year  (57,844)  5,551  60,906  (2,543)  6,070  (8,160)  (2,090)  Balance,	December	31,	2021  1,810,153  28,368  (226,715)  (23,289)  1,588,517  27,123  1,615,640  Share  capital  [note  10(a)]  Contributed  surplus  Deficit  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  income	(loss)  Total  shareholders'  equity  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity   |
|---|

(see	accompanying	notes)

## For	the	years	ended	December	31

| 2022  2021  [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars]  $  $  OPERATING	ACTIVITIES	(*)  Net	income	for	the	year  301,829  412,374  Add	(deduct)	items	not	involving	cash  Other	losses	(gains)  11,904  (20,584)  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  [note	7]  27,427  149,904  Contingent	consideration	recorded	as	compensation  [notes	7	and	8]  24,156  7,198  Change	in	fair	value	of	loan	guarantees  10,819  -  Recognition	of	vesting	of	CIPW	unit	liabilities  [note	8]  13,499  -  Equity-based	compensation  24,577  22,005  Amortization	and	depreciation  [note	19]  49,368  40,973  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  105,744  55,848  Deferred	income	taxes  (4,777)  (42,419)  Loss	on	repurchases	of	long-term	debt  [note	6]  -  24,920  Cash	provided	by	operating	activities	before	net	change	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities  564,546  650,219  Net	change	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities  (85,630)  15,741  Cash	provided	by	operating	activities  478,916  665,960  INVESTING	ACTIVITIES  Purchase	of	investments  (3,283)  (5,101)  Proceeds	on	sale	of	investments  96,508  15,412  Additions	to	capital	assets  (17,480)  (7,798)  Decrease	(increase)	in	other	assets  97,751  (167,378)  Additions	to	intangibles  (11,361)  (12,420)  Cash	paid	to	settle	acquisition	liabilities  [note	7]  (198,207)  (290,002)  Acquisitions,	net	of	cash	acquired  [note	2]  (472,461)  (934,589)  Cash	used	in	investing	activities  (508,533)  (1,401,876)  FINANCING	ACTIVITIES  Repayment	of	long-term	debt  (455,509)  (640,419)  Issuance	of	long-term	debt  718,000  1,704,795  Repurchase	of	long-term	debt  -  (50,732)  Repurchase	of	share	capital  (229,708)  (364,319)  Payment	of	lease	liabilities  (22,965)  (16,667)  Net	issuance	of	CIPW	unit	liabilities  [note	8]  85,679  -  Net	distributions	to	non-controlling	interest  (5,664)  (3,114)  Dividends	paid	to	shareholders  [note	11]  (137,375)  (146,447)  Cash	provided	by	(used	in)	financing	activities  (47,542)  483,097  Net	decrease	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents	during	the	year  (77,159)  (252,819)  Cash	and	cash	equivalents,	beginning	of	year  230,779  483,598  Cash	and	cash	equivalents,	end	of	year  153,620  230,779  (*)	Included	in	operating	activities	are	the	following:  Interest	paid  139,384  115,563  Income	taxes	paid  224,369  193,900   |
|---|

(see	accompanying	notes)

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

CI	Financial	Corp.	['CI']	is	a	publicly	listed	company	(TSX:	CIX)	incorporated	under	the	laws	of	the	Province	of	Ontario	and	has its	registered	office	and	principal	place	of	business	located	at	15	York	Street,	Toronto,	Ontario.

CI's	primary	business	is	the	management	and	distribution	of	a	broad	range	of	financial	products	and	services,	including	mutual funds,	segregated	funds,	exchange-traded	funds,	financial	planning,	insurance,	investment	advice,	wealth	management	and estate	and	succession	planning.

## 1. SUMMARY	OF	SIGNIFICANT	ACCOUNTING	POLICIES

These	 consolidated	 financial	 statements	 of	 CI	 have	 been	 prepared	 in	 accordance	 with	 International	 Financial	 Reporting Standards	['IFRS']	as	issued	by	the	International	Accounting	Standards	Board	['IASB'].

These	consolidated	financial	statements	were	authorized	for	issuance	by	the	Board	of	Directors	of	CI	on	March	13,	2023.

## BASIS	OF	PRESENTATION

The	 consolidated	 financial	 statements	 of	 CI	 have	 been	 prepared	 on	 a	 historical	 cost	 basis,	 except	 for	 certain	 financial instruments	that	have	been	measured	at	fair	value.	The	consolidated	financial	statements	have	been	prepared	on	a	going concern	basis.	CI's	presentation	currency	is	the	Canadian	dollar,	which	is	CI's	functional	currency.

## BASIS	OF	CONSOLIDATION

The	 consolidated	 financial	 statements	 include	 the	 accounts	 of	 CI	 and	 all	 its	 subsidiaries	 on	 a	 consolidated	 basis	 after elimination	of	intercompany	transactions	and	balances.	Subsidiaries	are	entities	over	which	CI	has	control,	when	CI	has	the power,	directly	or	indirectly,	to	govern	the	financial	and	operating	policies	of	an	entity,	is	exposed	to	variable	returns	from	its activities,	and	is	able	to	use	its	power	to	affect	such	variable	returns	to	which	it	is	exposed.

CI's	principal	subsidiaries	are	as	follows:

- CI's	 wholly	 owned	 Canadian	 subsidiaries	 include	 CI	 Investments	 Inc.	 ['CI	 Investments'],	 Assante	 Wealth	 Management (Canada) Ltd. ['AWM'],	 CI	 Investment	 Services Inc. ['CI Investment	 Services'], Northwood	 Family	 Office	 Ltd. ['Northwood'],	Wealthbar	Financial	Services	Inc.	['Wealthbar'],	CI	Private	Counsel	LP,	and	their	respective	subsidiaries. CI	 has	 a	 controlling	 interest	 in	 Marret	 Asset	 Management	 Inc.	 ['Marret']	 and	 Aligned	 Capital	 Distributions	 Inc. ['Aligned'],	and	their	respective	subsidiaries.
- CI's	wholly	owned	U.S.	subsidiaries	include	CI	US	Holdings	Inc.	['CI	US']	and	Segall	Bryant	and	Hamil,	LLC.	CI	US	owns	a controlling	 interest	 in	 CIPW	 Holdings	 LLC,	 CI	 Private	 Wealth,	 LLC	 and	 subsidiaries	 including	 Balasa	 Dinverno	 Foltz	 LLC, Barrett	 Asset	 Management,	 LLC,	 Bowling	 Portfolio	 Management	 LLC,	 Brightworth,	 LLC,	 Budros,	 Ruhlin	 &amp;	 Roe,	 Inc., Dowling	&amp;	Yahnke,	LLC,	Doyle	Wealth	Management,	Columbia	Pacific	Wealth	Management,	Corient	Capital	Partners,	LLC ['Corient'],	Galapagos	Partners	L.P.	['Galapagos'],	Gofen	and	Glossberg,	LLC,	Inverness	Counsel,	LLC	['Inverness'],	KORE Private	Wealth,	LLC	['KORE'],	Matrix	Capital	Advisors,	LLC,	McCutchen	Group	LLC,	OCM	Capital	Partners	LLC	['OCM'], Portola	 Partners	 Group,	 Radnor	 Financial	 Advisors	 ['Radnor'],	 Regent	 Atlantic	 Capital,	 LLC	 ['Regent'],	 RGT	 Wealth

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

Advisors,	LLC,	Surevest	LLC,	Stavis	&amp;	Cohen	Financial,	LLC,		R.H.	Bluestein	&amp;	Co,	and	The	Roosevelt	Investment	Group,	Inc. and	their	respective	subsidiaries	[together,	the	'U.S.	RIAs'].

- CI	has	a	controlling	interest	in	its	Australian	subsidiary,	GSFM	Pty	Limited	['GSFM']	and	its	subsidiaries.
- For	 subsidiaries	 Marret	 and	 OCM,	 where	 CI	 holds	 a	 controlling	 interest,	 a	 non-controlling	 interest	 is	 recorded	 in	 the consolidated	financial	statements	of	income	and	comprehensive	income	to	reflect	the	non-controlling	interest's	share	of the	 income	 and	 comprehensive	 income,	 and	 a	 non-controlling	 interest	 is	 recorded	 within	 equity	 in	 the	 consolidated statements	of	financial	position	to	reflect	the	non-controlling	interest's	share	of	the	net	assets.	For	all	other	subsidiaries where	CI	holds	a	controlling	interest,	put	and	call	options,	or	other	exchange	agreements,	with	respect	to	the	remaining minority	interests	in	the	acquired	businesses	may	exist.	CI	considers	the	non-controlling	interest	to	have	been	acquired and	 consolidates	 100%	 of	 the	 income	 and	 comprehensive	 income	 in	 the	 consolidated	 statements	 of	 income	 and comprehensive	income,	and	records	a	corresponding	liability	with	respect	to	the	present	value	of	the	amount	that	could be	required	to	be	paid	to	the	minority	interest	holders	under	the	put	arrangements.
- CI	has	a	non-controlling	interest	in	The	Cabana	Group,	LLC	['Cabana'],		GLASFunds,	LLC	['GLASFunds'],	Columbia	Pacific Advisors,	 LLC	 ['CPA']	 and	 Congress	 Wealth	 Management	 LLC	 ['Congress'],	 which	 are	 accounted	 for	 using	 the	 equity method.
- CI	has	a	joint	venture	with	Axia	Real	Assets	LP	['Axia'],	which	is	accounted	for	using	the	equity	method.

Hereinafter,	CI	and	its	subsidiaries	are	referred	to	as	CI.

CI	 manages	 a	 range	 of	 mutual	 funds,	 segregated	 funds,	 structured	 products	 and	 other	 funds	 that	 meet	 the	 definition	 of structured	entities	under	IFRS.	CI	earns	fees	for	providing	management	and	administrative	services	to	these	investment	funds. Fees	are	calculated	on	assets	under	management	in	these	funds,	which	totaled	$117.8	billion	as	at	December	31,	2022		[2021 -	$144.2	billion].	CI	does	not	consolidate	these	investment	funds	because	the	form	of	fees	and	ownership	interest	are	not significant	enough	to	meet	the	definition	of	control	under	IFRS.	CI	provides	no	guarantees	against	the	risk	of	financial	loss	to the	investors	of	these	investment	funds.

## REVENUE	RECOGNITION

Revenue	 is	 recognized	 when	 control	 of	 the	 goods	 or	 services	 are	 transferred	 by	 CI	 at	 an	 amount	 that	 reflects	 the consideration	to	which	CI	expects	to	be	entitled	in	exchange	for	those	goods	or	services.	Revenue	is	measured	at	the	fair	value of	the	consideration	received	or	receivable.

Revenue	is	analyzed	to	determine	whether	CI	is	the	principal	(i.e.,	reports	revenue	on	a	gross	basis)	or	agent	(i.e.,	reports revenue	on	a	net	basis)	in	the	contract.	Principal	or	agent	designations	depend	primarily	on	the	control	an	entity	has	over	the service	before	control	is	transferred	to	a	customer.	CI	generally	records	revenues	gross	in	its	financial	statements	as	it	is	acting as	a	principal.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

In	addition	to	these	general	principles,	CI	applies	the	following	specific	revenue	recognition	policies:

Asset	Management	fees	are	based	upon	the	net	asset	value	of	the	funds	managed	by	CI	and	are	recognized	on	an	accrual basis.

U.S.	and	Canada	Wealth	management	fees	are	primarily	comprised	of	fees	earned	for	providing	investment	advice	and	related services	 to	 clients.	 Fees	 are	 primarily	 based	 on	 a	 contractual	 percentage	 of	 the	 market	 value	 of	 the	 client's	 assets	 on	 the predetermined	billing	date.		Fees	are	either	in	advance	or	arrears	on	a	monthly,	or	quarterly	basis.	Revenue	is	recognized	over the	 respective	 service	 period	 as	 the	 transaction	 price	 resolves	 at	 each	 reporting	 period,	 which	 is	 deemed	 to	 be	 the	 most faithful	depiction	of	the	transfer	of	services	as	clients	benefit	from	services	over	the	respective	period.		Client	agreements typically	do	not	have	a	specified	term	and	may	be	terminated	at	any	time	by	either	party	subject	to	the	respective	termination and	notification	provisions	in	each	agreement.		Client	arrangements	may	contain	multiple	services,	resulting	in	either	single	or multiple	performance	obligations	within	the	same	client	arrangement,	each	of	which	are	separately	identifiable	and	priced, and	accounted	for	as	the	related	services	are	provided	and	consumed	over	the	respective	period.	CI	does	not	disaggregate	its revenues	by	service	provided	as	they	contribute	to	the	overall	holistic	wealth	management	service	provided	to	the	client.

Canada	Wealth	management	fees	also	include	commission	revenue,	which	is	recorded	on	a	trade	date	basis.

## FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS

## Classification	and	measurement	of	financial	assets

CI	 classifies	 its	 financial	 assets	 as	 fair	 value	 through	 profit	 or	 loss	 ['FVPL']	 and	 amortized	 cost.	 CI	 had	 no	 financial	 assets classified	as	fair	value	through	other	comprehensive	income	['FVOCI']	during	the	year	ended December	31,	2022.

The	classification	of	financial	assets	at	initial	recognition	depends	on	the	financial	asset's	contractual	cash	flow	characteristics and	 CI's	 business	 model	 for	 managing	 them.	 With	 the	 exception	 of	 trade	 receivables,	 which	 do	 not	 contain	 a	 significant financing	component	and	are	measured	at	the	transaction	price	in	accordance	with	IFRS	15, Revenue	from	Contracts	with Customers ['IFRS	15'],	all	financial	assets	are	initially	measured	at	fair	value	adjusted	for	transaction	costs.

Financial	assets	classified	as	FVPL	are	carried	at	fair	value	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	financial	position	and	any	gains	or losses	are	recorded	in	net	income	in	the	period	in	which	they	arise.	Financial	assets	classified	as	FVPL	include	cash	and	cash equivalents,	investments	and	other	assets.

Financial	assets	are	classified	at	amortized	cost	using	the	effective	interest	method	if	they	meet	the	following	conditions	and are	not	designated	as	FVPL:

- they	are	held	within	a	business	model	whose	objective	is	to	hold	the	financial	assets	and	collect	their	contractual	cash flows
- the	contractual	terms	of	the	financial	assets	give	rise	to	cash	flows	that	are	solely	payments	of	principal	and	interest	on the	principal	amount	outstanding

Financial	assets	classified	at	amortized	cost	include	client	and	trust	funds	on	deposit,	accounts	receivable	and	other	assets.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## Cash	and	cash	equivalents

Cash	 and	 cash	 equivalents	 include	 cash	 on	 deposit,	 highly	 liquid	 investments	 and	 interest-bearing	 deposits	 with	 original maturities	of	90	days	or	less.

## Accounts	receivable

Accounts	receivable	primarily	include	contractual	amounts	due	to	CI	for	asset	management	and	wealth	management	services, and	are	recorded	at	amortized	cost.		Allowances	for	uncollectible	accounts	are	maintained	for	estimated	losses	resulting	from the	 inability	 of	 clients	 to	 make	 required	 payments.	 In	 determining	 these	 estimates,	 historical	 write-offs,	 the	 aging	 of	 the receivables	and	other	factors,	such	as	overall	economic	conditions,	and	expected	development	in	economic	conditions,	are considered.

## Client	and	trust	funds

Client	 and	 trust	 funds	 on	 deposit	 include	 amounts	 representing	 cash	 held	 in	 trust	 with	 Canadian	 financial	 institutions	 for clients	 in	 respect	 of	 self-administered	 Registered	 Retirement	 Savings	 Plans	 and	 Registered	 Retirement	 Income	 Funds,	 and amounts	received	from	clients	for	which	the	settlement	date	on	the	purchase	of	securities	has	not	occurred	or	accounts	in which	the	clients	maintain	a	cash	balance.	Client	and	trust	funds	on	deposit	also	include	amounts	for	client	transactions	that are	entered	into	on	either	a	cash	or	margin	basis	and	recorded	on	the	trade	date	of	the	transaction.	Amounts	are	due	from clients	on	the	settlement	date	of	the	transaction	for	cash	accounts.	For	margin	accounts,	CI	extends	credit	to	a	client	for	the purchase	 of	 securities,	 collateralized	 by	 the	 financial	 instruments	 in	 the	 client's	 account.	 Amounts	 loaned	 are	 limited	 by margin	regulations	of	the	Investment	Industry	Regulatory	Organization	of	Canada	['IIROC']	and	other	regulatory	authorities, and	 are	 subject	 to	 CI's	 credit	 review	 and	 daily	 monitoring	 procedures.	 The	 corresponding	 liabilities	 related	 to	 the	 above accounts	and	transactions	are	included	in	client	and	trust	funds	payable.

## Investments

Investments	include	CI	Investment	Services	securities	owned,	at	market,	principally	for	the	purpose	of	selling	or	repurchasing in	 the	 near	 term.	 Securities	 owned,	 at	 market,	 are	 classified	 as	 FVPL	 and	 are	 initially	 recognized	 on	 the	 consolidated statements	of	financial	position	at	fair	value	with	transaction	costs	expensed	as	incurred.	Subsequent	realized	and	unrealized gains	and	losses	are	included	in	administration	fees	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	income	and	comprehensive	income	in the	period	in	which	they	arise.		Securities	transactions	are	recorded	on	a	trade	date	basis.	Market	value	is	based	on	quoted prices	where	an	active	market	exists.	For	securities	in	non-active	markets,	market	value	is	based	on	valuation	techniques	and management's	best	estimate	of	fair	value.

Also	included	in	investments	are	marketable	securities	that	consist	of	CI's	seed	capital	investments	in	CI	mutual	funds	and strategic	 investments.	 Investments	 in	 marketable	 securities	 are	 measured	 at	 fair	 value	 and	 recognized	 on	 the	 trade	 date. Mutual	fund	securities	are	valued	using	the	net	asset	value	per	unit	of	each	fund.	Realized	and	unrealized	gains	and	losses	are recognized	using	average	cost	and	recorded	in	net	income.	Distributions	from	mutual	fund	securities	are	recorded	as	other revenue.	Distributions	that	are	reinvested	increase	the	cost	base	of	the	mutual	fund	investments.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## Impairment	of	financial	assets

CI	recognizes	a	loss	allowance	for	expected	credit	losses	on	financial	assets	that	are	measured	at	amortized	cost.		At	each reporting	date,	the	loss	allowance	for	the	financial	asset	is	measured	at	an	amount	equal	to	the	lifetime	expected	credit	losses if	the	credit	risk	on	the	financial	asset	has	increased	significantly	since	initial	recognition.	If	at	the	reporting	date,	the	credit risk	on	the	financial	asset	has	not	increased	significantly	since	initial	recognition,	the	loss	allowance	is	measured	for	the	credit risk	on	the	financial	asset	at	an	amount	equal	to	12	months	of	expected	credit	losses.	For	trade	receivables,	CI	applies	the simplified	 approach	 to	 providing	 for	 expected	 credit	 losses,	 which	 allows	 for	 the	 use	 of	 a	 lifetime	 expected	 credit	 loss provision.	Impairment	losses	on	financial	assets	carried	at	amortized	cost	are	reversed	in	subsequent	periods	if	the	amount	of the	loss	decreases	and	is	related	to	an	event	occurring	after	the	impairment	was	recognized.

## Classification	and	measurement	of	financial	liabilities

CI	 classifies	 its	 financial	 liabilities	 as	 FVPL	 and	 amortized	 cost.	 Financial	 liabilities	 are	 initially	 measured	 at	 fair	 value,	 and, where	 applicable,	 adjusted	 for	 transaction	 costs	 unless	 the	 financial	 liability	 is	 classified	 at	 FVPL.	 Subsequently,	 financial liabilities	 are	 measured	at	amortized	cost	using	the	effective	interest	method	except	for	derivatives	and	financial	liabilities designated	 at	 FVPL,	 which	 are	 carried	 subsequently	 at	 fair	 value	 with	 gains	 or	 losses	 recognized	 in	 net	 income.	 Financial liabilities	classified	at	FVPL	include	contingent	consideration	and	put	option	payables	included	in	provisions	and	other	financial liabilities.		All	other	financial	liabilities	are	measured	at	amortized	cost.

## Put	options	payable

Included	in	provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities	are	put	option	payables,	representing	redeemable	minority	interests	in acquired	companies.	At	acquisition,	CI	assesses	the	terms	of	the	transaction	to	determine	if	the	put	option	gives	CI	a	present ownership	interest	in	the	shares	subject	to	the	put.	If	CI	concludes	it	has	a	present	ownership	in	shares	subject	to	the	put option,	 a	 liability	 is	 recorded	 for	 the	 fair	 value	 of	 the	 put	 option	 and	 non-controlling	 interest	 is	 not	 recognized.	 If	 CI determines	 that	 the	 put	 option	 does	 not	 provide	 a	 present	 ownership	 interest,	 CI's	 accounting	 policy	 is	 to	 apply	 IAS	 32Financial	Instruments:	Presentation and	recognize	a	financial	liability	for	the	present	value	of	the	redemption	amount	of	the put	option	at	acquisition	and	not	record	any	non-controlling	interest.		The	put	option	payable	is		subsequently	remeasured	at each	 reporting	 period	 to	 fair	 value,	 with	 changes	 recorded	 in	 change	 in	 fair	 value	 of	 contingent	 consideration	 in	 the statements	of	consolidated	income	and	comprehensive	income.		Refer	to	Note	7	for	further	information	regarding	put	options payable.

## Derivative	financial	instruments	and	hedge	accounting

CI	may	use	derivative	financial	instruments	such	as	interest	rate	swaps	and	forward	foreign	exchange	contracts	to	manage	its interest	rate	and	foreign	currency	risk	related	to	long-term	debt.		Derivative	financial	instruments	are	initially	recognized	at fair	value	on	the	date	a	derivative	contract	is	entered	into	and	are	subsequently	remeasured	at	fair	value.	The	accounting	for subsequent	changes	depends	on	whether	the	derivative	is	designated	as	a	hedging	instrument,	and	if	so,	the	nature	of	the item	being	hedged	and	the	type	of	hedge	relationship	designated.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

To	qualify	for	hedge	accounting,	the	hedging	relationship	must	meet	all	of	the	following	requirements:

- there	is	an	economic	relationship	between	the	hedged	item	and	the	hedging	instrument
- the	effect	of	credit	risk	does	not	dominate	the	value	changes	that	result	from	that	economic	relationship
- the	hedge	ratio	of	the	hedging	relationship	is	the	same	as	that	resulting	from	the	quantity	of	the	hedged	item	that	the entity	actually	hedges	and	the	quantity	of	the	hedging	instrument	that	the	entity	actually	uses	to	hedge	that	quantity	of hedged	item

CI	may	enter	into	an	interest	rate	swap	designated	as	a	fair	value	hedge	to	manage	the	effect	of	changes	in	interest	rates	on financial	 assets	 or	 liabilities.	 The	 swap	 involves	 exchanging	 interest	 payments	 without	 exchanging	 the	 notional	 amount	 on which	the	payments	are	based.	The	exchange	of	payments	are	recorded	as	an	adjustment	to	interest	expense	on	the	hedged item.	Changes	in	the	fair	value	of	the	swap	are	recorded	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	income	and	comprehensive	income in	other	expenses,	together	with	any	changes	in	the	fair	value	of	the	hedged	asset	or	liability		attributable	to	the	hedged	risk as	an	offset.

## FAIR	VALUE	MEASUREMENT

Accounting	standards	define	fair	value	as	the	price	that	would	be	received	to	sell	an	asset	or	paid	to	transfer	a	liability	in	the principal	 or	 most	 advantageous	 market	 in	 an	 orderly	 transaction	 between	 market	 participants	 at	 the	 measurement	 date. These	standards	establish	a	fair	value	hierarchy	that	gives	the	highest	priority	to	quoted	prices	in	active	markets	for	identical assets	or	liabilities	and	the	lowest	priority	to	unobservable	inputs.

CI	 uses	 valuation	 techniques	 to	 determine	 the	 fair	 value	 of	 financial	 instruments	 where	 active	 market	 quotes	 are	 not available.	 This	 involves	 developing	 estimates	 and	 assumptions	 consistent	 with	 how	 market	 participants	 would	 price	 the instrument.	 CI	 maximizes	 the	 use	 of	 observable	 data	 when	 developing	 estimates	 and	 assumptions,	 but	 this	 is	 not	 always available.	In	that	case	management	uses	the	best	information	available.

In	 determining	 fair	 values	 that	 reflect	 management's	 own	 assumptions	 concerning	 unobservable	 inputs,	 CI	 typically	 uses valuation	techniques,	including	probability-weighted	discounted	cash	flow	analyses	and	Monte	Carlo	simulations,	where	CI makes	assumptions	about	growth	rates	of	assets	under	management,	client	attrition,	asset-	and	performance-based	fee	rates, and	expenses.	In	these	analyses,	CI	also	considers	historical	and	current	market	multiples,	tax	benefits,	credit	risk,	interest rates,	 tax	 rates,	 discount	 rates,	 volatility,	 and	 discounts	 for	 lack	 of	 marketability.	 CI	 considers	 the	 reasonableness	 of assumptions	by	comparing	management's	valuation	conclusions	to	observed	market	transactions.	Changes	in	the	assumptions used	could	significantly	impact	fair	values.

All	assets	and	liabilities	for	which	fair	value	is	measured	or	disclosed	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	are	categorized within	 the	 fair	 value	 hierarchy,	 described	 as	 follows,	 based	 on	 the	 lowest	 level	 input	 that	 is	 significant	 to	 the	 fair	 value measurement	as	a	whole:

· Level	1 -	valuation	based	on	quoted	prices	(unadjusted)	observed	in	active	markets	for	identical	assets	or	liabilities

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

- Level	2 -	valuation	techniques	based	on	inputs	that	are	quoted	prices	of	similar	instruments	in	active	markets;	quoted	prices for	 identical	 or	 similar	 instruments	 in	 markets	 that	 are	 not	 active;	 inputs	 other	 than	 quoted	 prices	 used	 in	 a valuation	 model	 that	 are	 observable	 for	 that	 instrument;	 and	 inputs	 that	 are	 derived	 from	 or	 corroborated	 by observable	market	data	by	correlation	or	other	means
- Level	3 -	valuation	techniques	with	significant	unobservable	market	inputs

For	 assets	 and	 liabilities	 that	 are	 recognized	 in	 the	 consolidated	 financial	 statements	 on	 a	 recurring	 basis,	 CI	 determines whether	 transfers	 have	 occurred	 between	 levels	 in	 the	 hierarchy	 by	 reassessing	 the	 categorization	 at	 the	 end	 of	 each reporting	 period.	 CI	 considers	 its	 cash	 and	 cash	 equivalents,	 accounts	 receivable,	 client	 and	 trust	 funds	 on	 deposit, investments,	other	assets,	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities,	client	and	trust	funds	payable,	dividends	payable,	longterm	debt	and	provisions	and	other	liabilities	to	be	financial	instruments.	The	carrying	amounts	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents, client	 and	 trust	 funds	 on	 deposit,	 accounts	 receivable,	 accounts	 payable	 and	 accrued	 liabilities	 and	 client	 and	 trust	 funds payable,	approximate	their	fair	value	due	to	their	nature	and/or	the	relatively	short	period	over	which	they	are	held.		Note	13 provides	additional	information	regarding	the	fair	value	of	financial	instruments.

## COLLATERALIZED	SECURITIES	TRANSACTIONS

CI	 engages	 in	 securities	 lending	 and	 borrowing	 to	 facilitate	 the	 securities	 settlement	 process	 and	 to	 maximize	 revenue	 by acting	as	an	agent	for	such	transactions.	These	transactions	are	typically	short-term	in	nature,	with	interest	being	received	on the	cash	delivered.	These	transactions	are	collateralized	by	either	cash,	letters	of	credit	or	other	collateral	and	are	subject	to daily	margin	calls	for	any	deficiency	between	the	market	value	of	the	security	given	and	the	amount	of	collateral	received.	CI manages	 its	 credit	 exposure	 by	 establishing	 and	 monitoring	 aggregate	 limits	 by	 counterparty	 for	 these	 transactions.	 CI's securities	lending	and	borrowing	transactions	are	recorded	in	accounts	receivable	and	prepaid	expenses	and	accounts	payable and	accrued	liabilities.

## CAPITAL	ASSETS

Capital	assets	are	recorded	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	These	assets	are	depreciated	over	their	estimated	useful lives	as	follows:

Computer	hardware

Straight-line	over	three	years	to	five	years

Office	equipment

Straight-line	over	five	years	to	ten	years

Leasehold	improvements

Straight-line	over	the	term	of	the	lease

## INVESTMENTS	IN	EQUITY	METHOD	AFFILIATES

The	equity	method	of	accounting	is	applied	to	investments	where	CI	has	the	ability	to	exercise	significant	influence,	but	not control,	over	operating	and	financial	matters.	CI's	investments	in	Cabana,	Congress,	CPA	and	GLASFunds	are	accounted	for using	the	equity	method	of	accounting.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

As	of	December	31,	2022, CI	had	a	49%	interest	in	Cabana,	45%	interest	in	Congress,	31%	interest	in	CPA	and	30%	interest	in GLASFunds.	 CI	 concluded	 that	 it	 does	 not	 have	 control	 over	 these	 entities	 as	 CI	 does	 not	 have	 the	 power	 to	 control	 the significant	financial	or	operating	decisions	of	these	entities.

CI	initially	recognizes	its	interest	at	cost,	and	subsequently	records	its	share	of	income	or	loss	of	the	investee.	CI	evaluates whether	 there	 is	 any	 objective	 evidence	 that	 its	 equity	 method	 investments	 are	 impaired	 and	 if	 so,	 determines	 the recoverable	thereof.		If	the	recoverable	amount	is	less	than	the	carrying	value,	impairment	is	recognized.

For	equity	method	investments,	impairment	evaluation	considers	qualitative	factors,	including	the	financial	conditions	and specific	events	related	to	an	investee,	that	may	indicate	the	fair	value	of	the	investment	is	less	than	its	carrying	value.

## LEASES

CI	assesses	at	inception	whether	a	contract	contains	a	lease	that	conveys	the	right	to	control	the	use	of	an	identified	asset	for a	period	of	time	in	exchange	for	consideration.	All	leases	are	accounted	for	by	recognizing	a	right-of-use	asset	and	a	lease liability,	except	for	leases	of	low-value	assets	and	leases	with	a	duration	of	12	months	or	less.

## Right-of-use	assets

CI	recognizes	right-of-use	assets	at	the	commencement	date	of	the	lease.	Right-of-use	assets	are	measured	at	cost,	less	any accumulated	depreciation	and	impairment	losses,	and	adjusted	for	any	remeasurement	of	lease	liabilities.	The	cost	of	rightof-use	assets	includes	the	amount	of	lease	liabilities	recognized,	initial	direct	costs	incurred,	and	lease	payments	made	at	or before	the	commencement	date	less	any	incentives	received.	Right-of-use	assets	are	depreciated	on	a	straight-line	basis	over the	shorter	of	their	estimated	useful	life	and	the	lease	term.

## Lease	liabilities

At	the	commencement	date	of	the	lease,	CI	recognizes	lease	liabilities	measured	at	the	present	value	of	lease	payments	to	be made	over	 the	 lease	 term.	 The	 lease	 payments	 include	 in-substance	 fixed	 payments	 less	 any	 lease	 incentives	 receivable, variable	payments	that	depend	on	an	index	or	a	rate,	and	amounts	expected	to	be	paid	under	residual	value	guarantees.	The lease	payments	also	include	the	exercise	price	of	a	purchase	option	reasonably	certain	to	be	exercised	by	CI	and	payments	of penalties	for	terminating	a	lease,	if	the	lease	term	reflects	CI	exercising	the	option	to	terminate.	The	variable	lease	payments that	do	not	depend	on	an	index	or	a	rate	are	recognized	as	expense	in	the	period	on	which	the	event	or	condition	that	triggers the	payment	occurs.

In	calculating	the	present	value	of	lease	payments,	CI	uses	the	incremental	borrowing	rate	at	the	lease	commencement	date	if the	interest	rate	implicit	in	the	lease	is	not	readily	determinable.	The	incremental	borrowing	rate	is	estimated	to	approximate the	interest	rate	on	a	collateralized	basis	with	similar	terms	and	payments,	and	in	economic	environments	where	the	leased asset	is	located.	After	the	commencement	date,	the	amount	of	lease	liabilities	is	increased	to	reflect	the	accretion	of	interest and	reduced	for	the	lease	payments	made.	In	addition,	the	carrying	amount	of	lease	liabilities	is	remeasured	if	there	is	a modification,	a	change	in	the	lease	term,	a	change	in	the	in-substance	fixed	lease	payments	or	a	change	in	the	assessment	to purchase	the	underlying	asset.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

CI	has	elected	to	combine	the	lease	and	non-lease	components	for	its	leases	of	real	estate.

## Short-term	leases	and	lease	of	low-value	assets

CI	applies	the	short-term	lease	recognition	exemption	to	its	short-term	leases	of	equipment	and	property	leases	(i.e.,	those leases	that	have	a	lease	term	of	12	months	or	less	from	the	commencement	date	and	do	not	contain	a	purchase	option).	CI also	applies	the	lease	of	low-value	assets	recognition	exemption	to	leases	of	equipment	that	are	considered	of	low	value	(i.e., below	 $5,000).	 Lease	 payments	 on	 short-term	 leases	 and	 leases	 of	 low-value	 assets	 are	 recognized	 as	 an	 expense	 on	 a straight-line	basis	over	the	lease	term.

## Sub-leases

CI	 enters	 into	 lease	 agreements	 as	 an	 intermediate	 lessor	 with	 respect	 to	 some	 of	 its	 leased	 properties.	 When	 CI	 is	 an intermediate	lessor,	the	head	lease	and	the	sub-lease	are	accounted	for	as	two	separate	contracts.	The	sub-lease	is	classified as	a	finance	or	operating	lease	by	reference	to	the	right-of-use	asset	arising	from	the	head	lease.

Amounts	due	from	lessees	under	finance	leases	are	recognized	as	other	assets	at	the	amount	of	CI's	net	investment	in	the leases.	Finance	lease	income	is	recognized	over	the	lease	term	using	the	effective	interest	rate.	Payments	received	reduce	the net	investment	in	the	lease.

Rental	income	from	operating	leases	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	term	of	the	relevant	lease.

## BUSINESS	COMBINATIONS

The	 acquisition	 method	 of	 accounting	 is	 used	 to	 account	 for	 the	 acquisition	 of	 businesses	 by	 CI,	 whereby	 the	 purchase consideration	 is	 allocated	 to	 the	 identifiable	 assets	 and	 liabilities	 on	 the	 basis	 of	 fair	 value	 at	 the	 date	 of	 acquisition. Provisional	 fair	 values	 allocated	 at	 a	 reporting	 date	 are	 finalized	 as	 soon	 as	 the	 relevant	 information	 is	 available,	 within	 a period	not	to	exceed	12	months	from	the	acquisition	date,	with	retroactive	restatement	of	the	impact	of	adjustments	to	those provisional	fair	values	effective	as	at	the	acquisition	date.

CI	 elects	 on	 a	 transaction-by-transaction	 basis	 whether	 to	 measure	 any	 non-controlling	 interest	 at	 fair	 value,	 or	 at	 the proportionate	share	of	the	recognized	amount	of	the	identifiable	net	assets	of	the	acquired	subsidiary,	at	the	acquisition	date.

Consideration	transferred	includes	the	fair	values	of	the	assets	transferred,	liabilities	incurred	and	equity	interests	issued	by CI.	Consideration	also	includes	the	fair	value	of	any	liabilities	for	put	arrangements, CIPW	units	or	contingent	consideration. Subsequent	 to	 the	 acquisition,	 the	 put	 arrangements,	 and	 contingent	 consideration	 that	 is	 based	 on	 an	 earnings measurement	and	classified	as	a	liability	are	measured	at	fair	value	with	any	resulting	gain	or	loss	recognized	in	net	income. For	CIPW	units,	see	Equity	Based	Compensation	below	for	the	accounting	subsequent	to	the	acquisition.	Acquisition-related costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.

CI	assesses	amounts	paid	in	the	business	combination	to	sellers	who	remain	employed	with	CI	following	the	acquisition	to determine	whether	such	amounts	should	be	considered	part	of	the	business	combination	or	a	separate	transaction.	In	this assessment,	CI	considers	factors	such	as	whether	the	employee	is	required	to	remain	employed	to	receive	the	payment	and

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

the	 duration	 of	 that	 employment,	 the	 linkage	 of	 the	 payment	 to	 the	 valuation	 of	 the	 acquired	 company,	 the	 overall compensation	provided	to	the	employee,	and	whether	the	employee	received	an	incremental	payment	over	other	sellers upon	becoming	an	employee.	Amounts	paid	to	employees	who	were	not	sellers	are	considered	separate	from	the	business combination.

## INTANGIBLES

## Fund	contracts

Fund	administration	contracts	and	fund	management	contracts	[collectively,	'fund	contracts']	are	initially	measured	at	fair value	 and	 are	 recorded	 net	 of	 any	 write-down	 for	 impairment.	 CI	 evaluates	 the	 carrying	 amounts	 of	 indefinite-life	 fund contracts	at	least	annually	for	potential	impairment	by	comparing	the	recoverable	amount	with	their	carrying	amounts.	CI evaluates	the	carrying	amount	of	fund	contracts,	including	finite-lived	intangible	assets	and	other	long-lived	assets	whenever events	 or	 changes	 in	 circumstances	 indicate	 that	 the	 asset	 might	 be	 impaired	 or	 that	 the	 estimated	 useful	 life	 should	 be changed	prospectively.	Any	impairment	would	be	written	off	to	income.

Fund	 administration	 contracts	 are	 amortized	 on	 a	 straight-line	 basis	 over	 a	 period	 of	 up	 to	 25	 years.	 Fund	 management contracts	with	a	finite	life	 are	 amortized	 on	 a	 straight-line	 basis	 over	 a	 period	 of	 up	 to	 20	 years.	 The	 amortization	 period depends	 on	 the	 contractual	 terms	 of	 such	 agreements	 and	 management's	 best	 estimate	 of	 their	 useful	 lives.	 Fund management	contracts	with	an	indefinite	life	are	not	amortized.

## Goodwill

Goodwill	is	recorded	as	the	excess	of	purchase	price	over	identifiable	assets	acquired.	Following	initial	recognition,	goodwill	is stated	 at	 cost	 less	 any	 accumulated	 impairment	 losses.	 Goodwill	 is	 evaluated	 for	 impairment	 at	 least	 annually	 and	 any impairment	 is	 recognized	 immediately	 in	 income	 and	 not	 subsequently	 reversed.	 Goodwill	 is	 allocated	 to	 the	 asset management,	Canadian	wealth	management	and	U.S.	wealth	management	groups	of	cash-generating	units	['CGUs']	for	the purpose	of	impairment	testing.

## Other	intangibles

Other	 intangibles	 include	 the	 costs	 of	 trademarks	 and	 computer	 software,	 capitalized	 where	 it	 is	 probable	 that	 future economic	benefits	that	are	attributable	 to	 the	 assets	 will	 flow	 to	 CI	 and	 the	 cost	 of	 the	 assets	 can	 be	 measured	 reliably. Computer	software	is	recorded	initially	at	cost	and	amortized	over	its	expected	useful	life	of	two	to	ten	years	on	a	straight-line basis.	Trademarks	have	an	indefinite	life	and	are	not	amortized.

## EQUITY-BASED	COMPENSATION

CI	 uses	 the	 fair	 value	 method	 to	 account	 for	 equity-settled	 employee	 incentive	 share	 options	 and	 restricted	 share	 units ['RSUs'].	The	value	of	the	equity-based	compensation,	as	at	the	date	of	grant,	is	recognized	over	the	applicable	vesting	period as	compensation	expense	with	a	corresponding	increase	in	contributed	surplus.	When	options	are	exercised,	the	proceeds

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

received,	 together	 with	 the	 amount	 in	 contributed	 surplus,	 are	 credited	 to	 share	 capital.	 Upon	 vesting	 of	 the	 RSUs,	 the amount	accumulated	in	contributed	surplus	for	the	RSUs	is	reclassified	to	share	capital.

CI	issues	share-based	compensation	instruments	composed	of	Class	A	Units	in	CIPW	Holdings,	LLC	('CIPW')	as	well	as	Class	B units	(the	'Class	B	Units'	and	together	with	the	Class	A	Units,	the	'Units')	in	CIPW.	CIPW	is	a	controlled	subsidiary	that	was established	as	the	holding	entity	for	the	RIAs.	The	Units	are	considered cash-settled	liabilities	under	IFRS	because	they	are mandatorily	 redeemable	 upon	 death,	 disability	 or	 retirement	 of	 the	 holder.	 Compensation	 cost	 for	 unvested	 Units	 is recognized	over	the	vesting	period	and	is	measured	based	on	the	fair	value	of	awards	on	the	date	that	the	awards	are	granted and	on	an	on-going	basis.	The	Units	are	remeasured	to	their	fair	value	at	each	reporting	date.	In	addition,	holders	of	the	Units have	liquidity/redemption	rights	at	the	end	of	the	vesting	period	which	are	settleable	in	cash,	based	on	the	fair	value	of	the Units	at	that	date.	The	Class	A	Units	granted	can	be	sold	to	CIPW	based	on	their	fair	value	after	the	vesting	period,	or	for	the lower	of	the	value	paid	or	the	fair	value	of	the	Class	A	Units	during	the	vesting	period,	except	in	certain	situations,	such	as death	or	disability	of	the	holder,	in	which	case	the	Class	A	Units	can	be	sold	back	to	CIPW	at	their	fair	value.	The	Class	B	Units participate	 in	 distributions	 through	 the	 vesting	 period,	 and	 in	 certain	 cases	 have	 a	 minimum	 and	 a	 maximum	 distribution amount.	In	certain	cases,	there	are	performance	conditions	attached	to	the	vesting	of	the	Class	B	Units.	The	Class	B	Units granted	can	be	sold	to	CIPW	based	on	the	fair	value	after	the	redemption	period,	or	50%	of	the	fair	value	of	the	Class	B	Units during	the	vesting	period,	except	in	certain	situations,	such	as	death	or	disability	of	the	holder,	in	which	case	the	Class	B	Units can	be	sold	back	to	CIPW	at	fair	value.

The	amount	recognized	as	an	expense	is	adjusted	to	reflect	the	number	of	awards	for	which	the	related	service	conditions	are expected	to	be	met,	such	that	the	amount	ultimately	recognized	as	an	expense	is	based	on	the	number	of	awards	that	do meet	 the	 related	 service	 condition	 at	 the	 vesting	 date.	 See	 Note	 8	 for	 additional	 information	 regarding	 equity-based compensation	for	CIPW	Units.

CI	has	a	deferred	share	unit	plan	for	directors.	The	value	of	the	compensation	at	the	date	of	grant	is	recognized	immediately as	compensation	with	a	corresponding	increase	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities.	At	each	consolidated	statement	of financial	position	date,	the	liability	is	revalued	with	an	offset	to	compensation	expense.

## INCOME	TAXES

Current	income	tax	liabilities	are	measured	at	the	amount	expected	to	be	paid	to	tax	authorities,	net	of	recoveries	based	on the	tax	rates	and	tax	laws	enacted	or	substantively	enacted	as	at	the	consolidated	statement	of	financial	position	dates.

The	liability	method	of	tax	allocation	is	used	in	accounting	for	income	taxes.	Under	this	method,	deferred	income	tax	assets and	liabilities	are	determined	based	on	differences	between	the	carrying	amount	and	tax	basis	of	assets	and	liabilities	and measured	using	 the	 substantively	 enacted	 tax	 rates	 and	 laws	 that	 will	 be	 in	 effect	 when	 the	 differences	 are	 expected	 to reverse.	Deferred	tax	assets	are	recognized	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	that	taxable	profits	will	be	available	against	which deductible	temporary	differences	can	be	utilized.	Deferred	tax	liabilities	are	generally	recognized	for	all	taxable	temporary differences.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

Deferred	 tax	 liabilities	 are	 recognized	 for	 taxable	 temporary	 differences	 arising	 in	 investments	 in	 subsidiaries	 and	 joint ventures	except	where	the	reversal	of	the	temporary	difference	can	be	controlled	and	it	is	probable	that	the	difference	will not	reverse	in	the	foreseeable	future.	Deferred	tax	liabilities	are	not	recognized	on	temporary	differences	that	arise	from	the initial	recognition	of	goodwill,	which	is	not	deductible	for	tax	purposes.	Deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	not	recognized	in respect	of	temporary	differences	that	arise	on	initial	recognition	of	assets	and	liabilities	acquired	other	than	in	a	business combination.

## PROVISIONS

A	provision	is	recognized	if,	as	a	result	of	a	past	event,	CI	has	a	present	legal	or	constructive	obligation	that	can	be	estimated reliably,	and	it	is	probable	that	an	outflow	of	economic	benefits	will	be	required	to	settle	the	obligation.	In	the	event	that	the time	value	of	money	is	material,	provisions	are	determined	by	discounting	the	expected	future	cash	flows	at	a	pre-tax	rate that	reflects	a	current	market	assessment	of	the	time	value	of	money	and	the	risks	specific	to	the	liability.

## FOREIGN	CURRENCY

## (i)	Foreign	currency	transactions

Transactions	that	are	denominated	in	a	currency	other	than	the	functional	currency	of	the	entity	are	translated	as	follows: Monetary	assets	and	liabilities	are	translated	into	Canadian	dollars	using	the	exchange	rates	in	effect	as	at	the	consolidated statement	of	financial	position	dates.	Non-monetary	assets	and	liabilities	are	translated	into	Canadian	dollars	using	historical exchange	rates.	Revenue	and	expenses	are	translated	at	average	rates	prevailing	during	the	period.	Other	foreign	currency transactions	 are	 translated	 into	 Canadian	 dollars	 using	 the	 exchange	 rate	 in	 effect	 on	 the	 transaction	 date.	 Translation exchange	gains	and	losses	are	recorded	in	the	period	in	which	they	occur.

## (ii)	Foreign	currency	operations

The	assets	and	liabilities	 of	 foreign	 operations,	 including	 goodwill	 and	 fair	 value	 adjustments	 arising	 on	 consolidation,	 are translated	at	the	exchange	rate	in	effect	as	at	the	consolidated	statement	of	financial	position	dates.		Revenue	and	expenses are	translated	at	average	rates	prevailing	during	the	period.	Translation	exchange	gains	and	losses	are	recognized	as	other comprehensive	 income	 and	 reclassified	 to	 net	 income	 when	 the	 gain	 or	 loss	 on	 disposal	 of	 the	 foreign	 subsidiary	 is recognized.		The	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows	are	translated	at	average	exchange	rates	during	the	period,	whereas cash	and	cash	equivalents	are	translated	at	the	spot	exchange	rate	in	effect	as	at	the	consolidated	statement	of	financial position	dates.

## CRITICAL	ACCOUNTING	ESTIMATES	AND	JUDGMENTS

In	 the	 process	 of	 applying	 CI's	 accounting	 policies,	 management	 has	 made	 significant	 judgments	 involving	 estimates	 and assumptions,	which	are	summarized	as	follows:

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## (i)	Business	combinations

The	 purchase	 price	 related	 to	 business	 acquisitions	 is	 allocated	 to	 the	 underlying	 assets	 and	 liabilities	 based	 on	 their estimated	fair	value	at	the	acquisition	date.	Management	makes	estimates	to	determine	the	fair	value	of	assets	and	liabilities, including	 the	 valuation	 of	 separately	 identifiable	 intangibles	 acquired.	 Contingent	 consideration	 and	 certain	 put	 option payables,	 as	 part	 of	 the	 acquisitions,	 are	 based	 on	 the	 future	 performance	 of	 the	 acquired	 businesses.	 The	 estimates	 are based	 on	 management's	 best	 assessment	 of	 the	 related	 inputs	 used	 in	 the	 valuation	 models,	 such	 as	 future	 cash	 flows, discount	rates	and	volatility.	Future	performance	results	that	differ	from	management's	estimates	could	result	in	changes	to the	liabilities,	which	are	recorded	as	they	arise	in	net	income.

## (ii)	Impairment	of	intangible	assets

Finite-life	 intangible	 assets	 are	 reviewed	 for	 impairment	 whenever	 events	 or	 changes	 in	 circumstances	 indicate	 that	 the carrying	 amount	 may	 not	 be	 recoverable.	 Indefinite-life	 intangible	 assets,	 including	 goodwill,	 are	 tested	 for	 impairment annually	 or	 more	 frequently	 if	 changes	 in	 circumstances	 indicate	 that	 the	 carrying	 amount	 may	 be	 impaired.	 The	 values associated	 with	 intangibles	 involve	 estimates	 and	 assumptions,	 including	 those	 with	 respect	 to	 future	 cash	 inflows	 and outflows,	discount	rates	and	asset	lives.	These	estimates	require	significant	judgment	regarding	market	growth	rates,	fund flow	 assumptions,	 expected	 margins	 and	 costs	 that	 could	 affect	 CI's	 future	 results	 if	 the	 current	 estimates	 of	 future performance	 and	 fair	 values	 change.	 These	 determinations	 also	 affect	 the	 amount	 of	 amortization	 expense	 on	 intangible assets	with	finite	lives	recognized	in	future	periods.

## (iii)	Deferred	tax	assets

Deferred	tax	assets	are	recognized	for	unused	tax	losses	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	that	taxable	profits	will	be	available against	which	the	losses	can	be	utilized.	Significant	management	judgment	is	required	to	determine	the	amount	of	deferred tax	assets	that	can	be	recognized,	based	upon	the	likely	timing	and	level	of	future	taxable	profits	together	with	future	tax planning	strategies.

## (iv)	Provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities

Due	to	the	nature	of	provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities,	a	considerable	part	of	their	determination	is	based	on	estimates and	 judgments,	 including	 assumptions	 concerning	 the	 future.	 The	 actual	 outcome	 of	 these	 uncertain	 factors	 may	 be materially	 different	 from	 the	 estimates,	 causing	 differences	 with	 the	 estimated	 provisions.	 Further	 details	 are	 provided	 in Note	7.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## 2. BUSINESS	ACQUISITIONS

## [A]	Acquisitions	-	year	ended	December	31,	2022

## Canada	Wealth	Management

On	April	1,	 2022,	 CI	 completed	 the	 100%	 acquisition	 of	 Northwood	 Family	 Office	 Ltd.,	 a	 Canadian	 multi-family	 office.	 The estimated	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	and	the	results	of	operations	have	been	consolidated	from the	date	of	the	transaction	and	are	included	in	the	Canada	wealth	management	segment.

## U.S.	Wealth	Management

During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	CI	completed	the	following	acquisitions:

- Corient	Capital	Partners,	LLC
- Galapagos	Partners	L.P.
- OCM	asset	acquisition	of	FundX	Investments	Group	LLC
- Inverness	Counsel,	LLC
- Kore	Private	Wealth,	LLC
- Eaton	Vance	WaterOak	Advisors,	LLC

The	 acquisitions	 are	 accounted	 for	 using	 the	 acquisition	 method	 of	 accounting.	 The	 estimated	 fair	 values	 of	 the	 assets acquired	and	liabilities	assumed	and	the	results	of	operations	have	been	consolidated	from	the	date	of	the	transaction,	and are	included	in	the	U.S.	wealth	management	segment.

CI	evaluates	each	acquisition	to	determine	if	they	are	considered	material	to	be	disclosed	on	an	individual	basis.		For	the	year ended	December	31,	2022,	after	considering	both	quantitative	and	qualitative	factors,	CI	determined	that	separate	disclosure of	individual	acquisitions	was	not	warranted.

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

Details	of	the	net	assets	acquired	during	the year	ended	December	31,	2022,	at	fair	value,	are	as	follows:

| U.S.	Wealth  Management  Canada	Wealth  Management  Total  $  $  $  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  2,707  248  2,955  Accounts	receivable	and	prepaid	expenses  33,530  5,238  38,768  Capital	assets  979  226  1,205  Right-of-use	assets  15,016  393  15,409  Deferred	tax  (2,203)  (6,512)  (8,715)  Intangibles  256,808  24,572  281,380  Other	assets  210  834  1,044  Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities  (2,938)  (4,257)  (7,195)  Provision	for	other	liabilities  -  (604)  (604)  Lease	liabilities  (15,016)  (436)  (15,452)  Fair	value	of	identifiable	net	assets  289,093  19,702  308,795  Goodwill	on	acquisition  644,711  50,086  694,797  Non-controlling	interest  9,051  -  9,051  Total	acquired	cost  942,855  69,788  1,012,643  Cash	consideration  423,433  51,983  475,416  Share	consideration  452  1,500  1,952  CIPW	unit	liabilities  135,132  6,817  141,949  Contribution	by	non-controlling	interest  3,049  -  3,049  Provision	for	other	liabilities  380,789  9,488  390,277  942,855  69,788  1,012,643   |
|---|

The	businesses	acquired	in	2022	contributed	net	revenue	of	$66,310	and	net	income	of	$16,464	to	CI	for	the	year	ended December	31,	2022.	If	the	acquisitions	had	occurred	on	January	1,	2022,	the	consolidated	pro-forma	net	revenue	and	net income	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	would	have	been	$2,430,275	and	$340,955,	respectively.

Included	in	intangibles	are	fund	administration	contracts	with	a	fair	value	of	$285,996	with	a	finite	life	of	12	years.	In	addition, CI	 finalized	 the	 purchase	 price	 allocations	 for	 acquisitions	 acquired	 in	 2021	 which	 resulted	 in	 a	 fair	 value	 adjustment	 to indefinite	life	contracts	acquired	of	($4,616).	Goodwill	represents	the	excess	of	the	consideration	transferred	over	the	fair value	of	the	identifiable	net	assets	acquired.	Goodwill	of	$644,711	for	the	U.S.	RIAs	is	deductible	for	income	taxes.

The	acquisition	agreements	provided	for	deferred	and	contingent	consideration	payable.	Deferred	consideration	payable	of $327,232	is	due	within	180	days	to	two	years		from	the	date	of	acquisition.	Contingent	consideration	of	$63,045	is	payable	in cash	within	one	to	three	years	from	the	date	of	acquisition,	if	certain	financial	targets	are	met	based	on	EBITDA	or	revenue. Certain	acquisition	agreements	also	provided	for	contingent	consideration,	payable	in one	to	three	years	from	the	date	of acquisition,	which	is	recorded	as	compensation	and	included	in	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses.	Details	of	the amount	recorded	are	described	in	Note	7.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

The	 purchase	 price	 allocations	 are	 considered	 to	 be	 preliminary	 and	 are	 subject	 to	 adjustments	 during	 the	 measurement period,	which	will	not	exceed	twelve	months	from	the	acquisition	date,	as	CI	completes	its	estimation	of	the	fair	values	of assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	including	the	valuation	of	intangible	assets.

## [B]	Acquisitions	-	year	ended	December	31,	2021

During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021,	CI	completed	the	acquisition	of	controlling	interests	in	the	following	Canadian	and U.S.	investment	advisory	firms,	included	in	the	Canadian	and	U.S.	wealth	management	segments:

## Canada	Wealth	Management

- Stonegate	Services	Halifax
- CIPW	Advisory	Inc.

## U.S.	Wealth	Management

- Segall	Bryant	&amp;	Hamill,	LLC
- Barrett	Asset	Management,	LLC
- Brightworth,	LLC
- Dowling	&amp;	Yahnke,	LLC
- Radnor	Financial	Advisors
- Portola	Partners	Group
- Budros,	Ruhlin	&amp;	Roe,	Inc.
- Matrix	Capital	Advisors,	LLC
- McCutchen	Group	LLC
- Odyssey	Wealth	Management,	LLC
- Regent	Atlantic	Capital,	LLC
- Gofen	and	Glossberg,	LLC
- R.H.	Bluestein	&amp;	Co.
- Columbia	Pacific	Wealth	Management

The	 acquisitions	 are	 accounted	 for	 using	 the	 acquisition	 method	 of	 accounting.	 The	 estimated	 fair	 values	 of	 the	 assets acquired	and	liabilities	assumed	and	the	results	of	operations	have	been	consolidated	from	the	date	of	the	transaction,	and are	included	in	the	U.S.	wealth	management	segment.

## Asset	Management

On	May	1,	2021,	CI	completed	the	acquisition	of	the	remaining	interest	in	Lawrence	Park	Asset	Management	['LPAM'],	an alternative	fixed-income	investment	firm.	LPAM	is	included	in	the	asset	management	segment.	Effective	July	1,	2021,	LPAM amalgamated	with	CI	Investments.

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## Net	Assets	Acquired	-	year	ended	December	31,	2021

CI	evaluates	each	acquisition	to	determine	if	they	are	considered	material	to	be	disclosed	on	an	individual	bases.		For	the	year ended	December	31,	2021,	after	considering	both	quantitative	and	qualitative	factors,	CI	determined	that	separate	disclosure of	individual	acquisitions	was	not	warranted.

Details	of	the	net	assets	acquired	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021,	at	fair	value,	are	as	follows:

| U.S.	Wealth  Management  Canada	Wealth  Management  Asset  Management  Total  $  $  $  $  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  36,640  883  145  37,668  Accounts	receivable	and	prepaid	expenses  51,487  381  292  52,160  Capital	assets  10,921  123  68  11,112  Right-of-use	assets  57,340  154  -  57,494  Deferred	tax  -  (6,585)  (1,344)  (7,929)  Intangibles  714,013  27,655  5,041  746,709  Other	assets  854  20  24  898  Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities  (102,859)  (1,655)  (233)  (104,747)  Long-term	debt  (236,964)  -  -  (236,964)  Lease	liabilities  (57,340)  (154)  -  (57,494)  Fair	value	of	identifiable	net	assets  474,092  20,822  3,993  498,907  Non-controlling	interest  5,700  5,022  -  10,722  Acquisition	date	fair	value	of	initial	interest  -  -  (2,016)  (2,016)  Goodwill	on	acquisition  1,144,182  54,340  2,463  1,200,985  Total	acquired	cost  1,623,974  80,184  4,440  1,708,598  Cash	consideration  962,212  6,605  3,440  972,257  Share	consideration  26,088  36,649  1,000  63,737  Provision	for	other	liabilities  635,674  36,930  -  672,604  1,623,974  80,184  4,440  1,708,598   |
|---|

The	businesses	acquired	in	2021	contributed	net	revenue	of	$165,837	and	net	income	of	$36,913	to	CI	for	the	year	ended December	31,	2021.	If	the	acquisitions	had	occurred	on	January	1,	2021,	the	consolidated	pro-forma	net	revenue	and	net income	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021	would	have	been	$2,441,655	and	$472,694,	respectively.

Included	 in	 intangibles	 are	 fund	 contracts	 with	 a	 fair	 value	 of	 $718,531	 with	 a	 finite	 life	 of	 12	 years,	 indefinite-life	 fund management	 contracts	 of	 $27,807	 and	 other	 intangibles	 of	 $371.	 Goodwill	 represents	 the	 excess	 of	 the	 consideration transferred	over	the	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	net	assets	acquired.	Goodwill	of	$1,144,182	for	the	U.S.	RIAs	is	deductible	for income	taxes.

The	acquisition	agreements	provided	for	deferred	and	contingent	consideration	payable.	Deferred	consideration	payable	of $542,505,	including	put	options	payable	of	$279,896,	is	due	within	one	to	four	years from	the	date	of	acquisition.	The	put options	represent	the	fair	value	of	embedded	options	to	exchange	minority	interests	for	cash	or	redeemable	instruments	in	a

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

subsidiary	of	CI,	 subject	 to	 specific	 terms	 as	 described	 in	 Note	 8.	 Contingent	 consideration	 of	 $130,099	 is	 payable	 in	 cash within	one	to	four	years	from	the	date	of	acquisition,	if	certain	financial	targets	are	met	based	on	EBITDA	or	revenue.	Certain acquisition	agreements	also	provided	for	contingent	consideration,	payable	in	two	to	three	years	from	the	date	of	acquisition, that	 is	 recorded	 as	 compensation	 and	 included	 in	 selling,	 general	 and	 administrative	 expenses.	 Details	 of	 the	 amount recorded	are	described	in	Note	7.

Non-controlling	interests	are	measured	at	the	proportionate	interest	in	the	identifiable	net	assets	of	the	acquired	subsidiary, at	the	acquisition	date.

Certain	purchase	price	allocations	are	considered	to	be	preliminary	and	are	subject	to	adjustments	during	the	measurement period,	which	will	not	exceed	twelve	months	from	the	acquisition	date,	as	CI	completes	its	estimation	of	the	fair	values	of assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	including	the	valuation	of	intangible	assets.

## Other	-	Investments	in	equity	method	affiliates

During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021,	CI	acquired	a	30%	interest	in	GLASFunds	and	a	31%	interest	in	CPA.	CI	has	an option	to	 obtain	 majority	 ownership	 of	 GLASFunds	 which	 becomes	 exercisable	 four	 years	 after	 its	 acquisition	 by	 paying	 a floating	price	determined	at	the	exercise	date.	The	acquisition	of	CPA	and	GLASFunds	has	been	accounted	for	using	the	equity method	of	accounting.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## 3. CAPITAL	ASSETS

Capital	assets	consist	of	the	following:

| Computer  hardware  Office  equipment  Leasehold  improvements  Total  $  $  $  $  Cost  Balance,	December	31,	2020  24,514  22,216  91,737  138,467  Acquired  1,038  1,982  8,092  11,112  Additions  4,648  986  2,164  7,798  Retired  (8,871)  (220)  (353)  (9,444)  Translation  (10)  (5)  67  52  Balance,	December	31,	2021  21,319  24,959  101,707  147,985  Acquired  372  205  628  1,205  Additions  3,709  2,083  11,688  17,480  Retired  (2,224)  (5,151)  (13,530)  (20,905)  Translation  705  756  1,251  2,712  Balance,	December	31,	2022  23,881  22,852  101,744  148,477  Accumulated	depreciation  Balance,	December	31,	2020  16,386  17,346  57,757  91,489  Depreciation  4,209  1,956  7,047  13,212  Retired  (8,762)  (143)  (334)  (9,239)  Translation  (40)  2  (35)  (73)  Balance,	December	31,	2021  11,793  19,161  64,435  95,389  Depreciation  4,299  2,408  5,794  12,501  Retired  (2,214)  (4,990)  (9,430)  (16,634)  Translation  480  522  632  1,634  Balance,	December	31,	2022  14,358  17,101  61,431  92,890  Carrying	amounts  At	December	31,	2020  8,128  4,870  33,980  46,978  At	December	31,	2021  9,526  5,798  37,272  52,596  At	December	31,	2022  9,523  5,751  40,313  55,587   |
|---|

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## 4.	 INTANGIBLES

| Goodwill  Fund  administration  contracts  Fund  management  contracts  finite-life  Fund  management  contracts  indefinite-life  Other  intangibles  Total  $  $  $  $  $  $  Cost  Balance,	December	31,	2020  2,053,672  431,965  50,045  1,778,901  82,286  4,396,869  Acquired  1,200,985  713,490  5,041  27,807  1,890  1,949,213  Additions  -  -  -  -  12,420  12,420  Retired  -  -  -  -  (555)  (555)  Translation  1,284  3,526  (189)  (4,041)  (14)  566  Balance,	December	31,	2021  3,255,941  1,148,981  54,897  1,802,667  96,027  6,358,513  Acquired  694,797  285,996  -  (4,616)  80  976,257  Additions  -  -  -  -  11,361  11,361  Retired  -  -  -  -  (67)  (67)  Translation  117,151  57,857  5  1,669  51  176,733  Balance,	December	31,	2022  4,067,889  1,492,834  54,902  1,799,720  107,452  7,522,797  Accumulated	amortization  Balance,	December	31,	2020  -  34,836  33,453  -  37,582  105,871  Acquired  -  -  -  -  1,519  1,519  Amortization  -  53,541  2,307  -  10,289  66,137  Retired  -  -  -  -  (538)  (538)  Translation  -  384  (83)  -  (14)  287  Balance,	December	31,	2021  -  88,761  35,677  -  48,838  173,276  Acquired  -  -  80  80  Amortization  -  103,306  2,437  -  12,981  118,724  Retired  -  -  -  -  (49)  (49)  Translation  -  2,937  8  -  121  3,066  Balance,	December	31,	2022  -  195,004  38,122  -  61,971  295,097  Carrying	amounts  At	December	31,	2020  2,053,672  397,129  16,592  1,778,901  44,704  4,290,998  At	December	31,	2021  3,255,941  1,060,220  19,220  1,802,667  47,189  6,185,237  At	December	31,	2022  4,067,889  1,297,830  16,780  1,799,720  45,481  7,227,700  Remaining	term  N/A  5.9	-	11.9	yrs  4.3	-	10.9	yrs  N/A  0.1	-	6.8	yrs   |
|---|

CI	 has	 three	 groups	 of	 CGUs	 for	 the	 purpose	 of	 assessing	 the	 carrying	 amount	 of	 the	 allocated	 goodwill,	 being	 asset management,	Canada	wealth	management	and	U.S.	wealth	management.	Goodwill	of	$1,312,559	is	allocated	to	the	asset management	group,	$358,670	is	allocated	to	the	Canada	wealth	management	group,	and	$2,396,660	is	allocated	to	the	U.S. wealth	 management	 group	 as	 at	 December	 31,	 2022	 [2021	 -	 $1,312,543,	 $308,553	 and	 $1,634,845,	 respectively].	 CI	 has

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

indefinite-life	 fund	 management	contracts	of	$1,774,174	within	the	asset	management	group	and	$25,546	within	the	U.S. wealth	management	group	as	at	December	31,	2022	[2021	-	$1,774,050	and	$28,617,	respectively].

The	fair	value	for	the	asset	management	group,	Canada	wealth	management	group	and	U.S.	wealth	management	group	was determined	 using	 the	 discounted	 cash	 flow	 method,	 based	 on	 estimated	 future	 cash	 flows	 over	 a	 5-year	 period	 with	 a terminal	value	for	the	period	thereafter.	CI	uses	a	5-year	period	to	reflect	the	expected	growth	strategies	for	the	various contracts	acquired	in	addition	to	the	fact	that	it	may	take	several	years	to	fully	integrate	operations	and	benefit	from	marketparticipant	synergies.	The	key	assumptions	used	in	the	forecast	calculation	include	assumptions	on	projected	assets	under management	('AUM')	growth	and	operating	margins.	Projected	AUM	growth	is	a	management	assumption	which	takes	into consideration	long-term	historical	inflation	adjusted	index	returns,	historical	AUM	growth,	internal	management	forecast	on future	growth	and	comparable	public	company	metrics.	Inputs	to	the	operating	margin	include	estimates	for	management and	 trailer	 fees	 using	 current	 average	 fee	 rates	 and	 normalized	 inflation	 rates	 are	 applied	 to	 current	 selling,	 general	 and administrative	 expenses	 to	 forecast	 future	 cash	 flows	 over	 the	 5-year	 period.	 The	 terminal	 value	 has	 been	 calculated assuming	a	long-term	growth	rate	of	2%	-	3%	per	annum	in	perpetuity	based	on	a	long-term	real	GDP	growth	rate	as	at December	31,	2022	and	2021.	A	discount	rate	of	11.25%	-	13.75%	per	annum	has	been	applied	to	the	recoverable	amount calculation	as	at	December	31,	2022	[2021	-	12.00%	-	13.00%].	Level	3	inputs	were	used	to	determine	the	fair	value.

CI	performed	an	annual	impairment	assessment	of	its	goodwill	and	indefinite-life	intangibles	as	at	October	1,	2022	and	2021 and	 determined	 that	 the	 calculation	 of	 the	 recoverable	 amount	 exceeded	 the	 carrying	 amount.	 CI	 assessed	 the	 finite-life intangible	assets	as	at	December	31,	2022	and	2021	and	determined	that	there	were	no	indicators	of	impairment	present.

## 5.	 OTHER	ASSETS,	INCOME	AND	EXPENSE

Other	assets	as	at	December	31,	2022	consist	of	the	following:

| 2022  2021  $  $  Long-term	investments  32,951  48,560  Investments	accounted	for	using	the	equity	method  277,084  258,408  Advisor	and	employee	loans  41,730  36,422  Other	related	party	loans  17,788  20,361  Other  28,251  19,436  397,804  383,187   |
|---|

CI's	 equity-accounted	 investments	 as	 at	 December	 31,	 2022,	 include	 Cabana,	 Congress,	 AWM	 Dorval,	 Axia,	 CPA	 and GLASFunds.	The	aggregate	carrying	amount	of	these	individually	immaterial	associates	that	are	accounted	for	using	the	equity method	is	$277,084 [2021	-	$258,408]	and	the	aggregate	amount	of	CI's	share	of	net	income	is	$4,193	[2021	-	$2,756].

The	difference	in	value	between	the	consideration	paid	to	acquire	the	equity	investees	and	the	underlying	carrying	value	of the	net	assets	of	the	investees	as	of	the	acquisition	date	represents	a	basis	difference,	which	was	$227,845	as	of	December 31,	2022	[2021	-	$242,482].		CI	has	estimated	the	fair	value	of	the	investees	and	their	underlying	net	assets	for	the	purposes

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

of	amortizing	the	basis	difference,	as	required	by	the	equity	method	of	accounting.		The	fair	value	of	investee's	underlying	net assets,	 including	 intangible	 contractual	 assets,	 goodwill	 and	 other	 assets	 and	 liabilities,	 have	 been	 estimated	 on	 the acquisition	date.

The	basis	difference	related	to	intangible	contractual	assets	and	depreciable	assets	is	amortized	over	the	remaining	useful	life. The	remainder	of	the	basis	difference,	relating	to	equity	method	goodwill	is	not	amortized	and	is	carried	at	cost	subject	to	an assessment	for	impairment	of	the	overall	investment.

CI	has	a	hiring	and	retention	incentive	program	whereby	loans	are	extended	to	current	investment	advisors.	These	loans	are initially	 recorded	 at	 their	 fair	 value,	 may	 bear	 interest	 at	 prescribed	 rates	 and	 are	 contractually	 forgiven	 on	 a	 straight-line basis	over	the	applicable	contractual	period,	which	varies	in	length	from	three	to	seven	years.	The	forgiven	amount	is	included in	other	expenses.	As	at	December	31,	2022,	loans	to	investment	advisors	of	$27,773	[2021	-	$28,958]	are	included	in	other assets.	These	loans	become	due	on	demand	upon	early	termination	or	breach	in	the	terms	of	the	agreements.

As	at	December	31,	2022,	CI	has	shareholder,	partner	loans	and	employee	loans	of	$13,957	outstanding	[2021	-	$7,464]. These	 loans	 bear	 interest	 at	 prescribed	 rates	 and	 are	 due	 immediately	 upon	 termination	 of	 employment	 or	 sale	 of	 the subsidiary	shares	that	are	held	as	collateral.

Included	in	other	revenues	is	income	from	CI's	long-term	and	equity	accounted	for	investments	of	$4,193	[2021	-	$2,756]. Other	revenues	also	includes	performance	fees,	redemption	fees,	investment	income,	interest	income	and	revenue	earned	by Marret.

Other	 	 expenses	 include	 	 interest	 expense,	 advisor	 recruitment	 costs,	 U.S.	 state	 taxes	 and	 allowances	 for	 bad	 debt	 with respect	to	loans.

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## 6.	 LONG-TERM	DEBT

Long-term	debt	consists	of	the	following:

| Interest	rate  Issued	date  Maturity	date  2022  2021  $  $  Credit	facility	and	loans	payable  Prime	rate	loan  320,000  -  Bankers'	acceptances  -  297,500  Fiduciary	Network,	LLC  December	15,	2022  -  146,986  320,000  444,486  Debenture	principal	amount  $301	million  3.215%  July	22,	2019  July	22,	2024  300,636  300,257  $450	million  3.759%  May	26,	2020  May	26,	2025  448,684  448,278  $400	million  7.000%  December	2,	2022  December	2,	2025  398,050  -  $250	million  3.904%  September	27,	2017  September	27,	2027  249,178  249,032  $960	million	USD  3.200%  December	17,	2020  December	17,	2030  1,293,467  1,207,689  $900	million	USD  4.100%  June	2,	2021  June	15,	2051  1,206,199  1,126,296  3,896,214  3,331,552  Long-term	debt  4,216,214  3,776,038  Current	portion	of	long-term	debt  320,000  444,486   |
|---|

## CREDIT	FACILITY

At	December	31,	2022,	CI	had	a	$700,000	revolving	credit	facility	with	three	Canadian	chartered	banks.	Loans	are	made	by	the banks	under	a	three-year	revolving	credit	facility,	with	the	outstanding	principal	balance	due	upon	maturity	on	May	27,	2024. CI	 was	 within	 its	 financial	 covenants	 with	 respect	 to	 its	 credit	 facility,	 which	 require	 that	 the	 funded	 debt	 to	 annualized EBITDA	ratio	remain	below	4.0:1	(4.5:1	effective	November	7,	2022		and	that	CI's	assets	under	management	not	fall	below $85	billion	at	any	time).

In	 February	2023,	CI	paid	off	its	previous	$700,000	credit	facility	described	above	and	entered	into	a	new	$600,000	credit facility	with	four	Canadian	banks.	Terms	under	the	new	facility	are	similar	to	its	previous	facility	except	for	the	upper	limit	of the	financial	covenant	to	remain	below	4.75:1	until	December	30,	2023,	and	4.50:1	thereafter.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that future	borrowings	or	equity	financing	will	be	available	to	CI	or	available	on	acceptable	terms.

## DEBENTURES	AND	NOTES

## Redemptions:

On	 January	 18,	 2021,	 CI	 redeemed	 the	 $200,000	 principal	 amount	 of	 debentures	 due	 November	 25,	 2021	 [the	 '2021 Debentures']	at	an	average	price	of	$101.903,	and	recorded	a	loss	of	$3,805,	included	in	other	expenses.	On	February	19, 2021,	 CI	 redeemed	 the	 $325,000	 principal	 amount	 of	 debentures	 due	 July	 20,	 2023	 at	 an	 average	 price	 of	 $107.002	 and recorded	a	loss	of	$22,755,	included	in	other	expenses.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

In	connection	with	the	redemption	of	the	2021	Debentures,	on	January	18,	2021,	CI	terminated	the	interest	swap	agreement previously	entered	into	on	February	2,	2017	and	realized	a	gain	of	$1,865,	included	in	other	expenses.

During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021,	CI	repurchased	$48,567	principal	amount	of	debentures	due	July	22,	2024	at	an average	price	of	$104.458	and	recorded	a	loss	of	$2,165,	included	in	other	expenses.

## Issuances:

On	December	2,	2022,	CI	completed	an	offering	pursuant	to	which	it	issued	$400,000	principal	amount	of	debentures	due December	2,	2025	[the	'December	2025	Debentures'].	Interest	on	the	December	2025	Debentures	is	paid	semi-annually	in arrears	at	a	rate	of	7.000%.	The	proceeds,	net	of	transaction	costs,	were	used	to	repay	outstanding	indebtedness	under	the credit	facility	and	general	corporate	purposes.

On	June	7,	2021,	CI	completed	an	offering	pursuant	to	which	it	issued	$900,000	USD	($1,087,245	CAD)	principal	amount	of notes	due	June	15,	2051	[the	'2051	Notes'].	Interest	on	the	2051	Notes	is	paid	semi-annually	in	arrears	at	a	rate	of	4.100%. The	 proceeds,	 net	 of	 transaction	 costs,	 were	 used	 to	 repay	 outstanding	 indebtedness	 under	 the	 credit	 facility	 and	 other strategic	capital	needs.

On	December	17,	2020,	CI	completed	an	offering	pursuant	to	which	it	issued $700,000	USD	($891,175	CAD)	principal	amount of	notes	due	December	17,	2030	[the	'2030	Notes'].	On	January	19,	2021,	CI	issued	$260,000	USD	($331,147	CAD)	additional notes	of	the	same	series.	Interest	on	the	2030	Notes	is	paid	semi-annually	in	arrears	at	a	rate	of	3.200%.	The	proceeds,	net	of transaction	costs,	were	used	to	repay	outstanding	indebtedness	under	the	credit	facility	and	other	strategic	capital	needs.

CI	may,	at	its	option,	redeem	the	2024	Debentures,	the	May	2025	Debentures,	the	December	2025	Debentures	and	the	2027 Debentures,	in	whole	or	in	part,	from	time	to	time,	on	not	less	than	30	nor	more	than	60	days'	prior	notice	to	the	registered holder,	at	a	redemption	price	that	is	equal	to	the	greater	of	par	and	the	Government	of	Canada	yield,	plus	44.5,	84.0,	83.5	and 44.5	basis	points,	respectively.	CI	may	also,	at	its	option,	redeem	the	2030	Notes	and	the	2051	Notes	in	whole	or	in	part,	from time	to	time,	at	a	redemption	price	that	is	equal	to	the	greater	of	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the	notes	to	be	redeemed and	the	Treasury	Rate	plus	35.0	and	30.0	basis	points,	respectively.	CI	considers	these	embedded	prepayment	options	to	be closely	related	to	the	debentures	and,	as	such,	does	not	account	for	them	separately	as	a	derivative.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## Interest	on	debentures	and	notes:

Interest	 paid	 on	 the	 debentures	 and	 notes	 is	 paid	 semi-annually.	 During	 the	 years	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022	 and	 2021, interest	paid	is	as	follows:

| Interest	rate  Issued	date  Maturity	date  2022  2021  $  $  Interest	paid	on	debentures	and	notes  $325	million  3.520%  July	20,	2018  July	20,	2023  -  1,486  $301	million  3.215%  July	22,	2019  July	22,	2024  9,691  10,106  $450	million  3.759%  May	26,	2020  May	26,	2025  16,916  16,916  $400	million  7.000%  December	2,	2022  December	2,	2025  2,333  -  $250	million  3.904%  September	27,	2017  September	27,	2027  9,760  9,760  $960	million	USD  3.200%  December	17,	2020  December	17,	2030  39,983  38,096  $900	million	USD  4.100%  June	2,	2021  June	15,	2051  48,026  26,129  126,709  102,493   |
|---|

Issuance	costs	and	the	issuance	discount	are	amortized	over	the	term	of	the	debentures	using	the	effective	interest	method. The	 amortization	 expense	 related	 to	 the	 discount	 and	 transaction	 costs	 for	 CI's	 issued	 debentures	 for	 the	 year	 ended December	31,	2022	was	$1,865	[2021	-	$2,716],	which	is	included	in	amortization	and	depreciation.

In	the	event	that	both	a	change	of	control	occurs	and	the	rating	of	the	debentures	is	lowered	to	below	investment	grade	by two	out	of	three	rating	agencies	as	defined	as	below	BBB-	by	Standard	&amp;	Poor's,	BBB	(low)	by	DBRS	Limited	and	Baa3	by Moody's	Investor	Service,	Inc.,	CI	will	be	required	to	make	an	offer	to	repurchase	all	or,	at	the	option	of	each	holder,	any	part of	each	holder's	debentures	at	a	purchase	price	payable	in	cash	equivalent	to	101%	of	the	outstanding	principal	amount	of the	debentures	and	notes,	together	with	accrued	and	unpaid	interest,	to	the	date	of	purchase.	Also,	in	the	case	of	the	2030 Notes,	in	the	event	that	certain	changes	affecting	Canadian	withholding	taxes	occur,	CI	will	have	the	option	to	redeem	the notes	in	whole	or	in	part,	at	a	redemption	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	aggregate	principal	amount,	together	with	accrued	and unpaid	interest,	to	the	date	of	redemption.

## LOANS	PAYABLE	TO	FIDUCIARY	NETWORK,	LLC

In	connection	with	an	acquisition,	on	December	30,	2021,	CI	assumed	a	loan	agreement	of	$116,200	USD	($146,986	CAD), maturing	on	December	15,	2024.	Fiduciary	elected	to	terminate	the	loan	and	on	December	15,	2022,	CI	repaid	the	remaining loan	amount	of $116,200	USD	($126,095	CAD)	and	accrued	interest	of	$4,864	USD	($6,398	CAD).

As	a	result	of	CI's	acquisition	of	Brightworth,	on	April	30,	2021,	CI	assumed	a	loan	agreement	to	Fiduciary	in	the	amount	of $66,937	USD	($82,279	CAD)	and	repaid	$13,435	USD	($16,514	CAD).	Fiduciary	elected	to	terminate	the	loan	and	on	December 11,	2021,	CI	repaid	the	remaining	loan	amount	of	$53,502	USD	($67,766	CAD)	and	accrued	interest	of	$737	USD	($947	CAD).

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

As	a	result	of	the	acquisition	of	Radnor,	on	August	31,	2021,	CI	assumed	a	loan	agreement	to	Fiduciary	in	the	amount	of $5,108	USD	($6,445	CAD).	Fiduciary	Network,	LLC	elected	to	terminate	the	loan	payable	and	on	December	31,	2021,	CI	repaid the	loan	amount	of	$5,108	USD	($6,462	CAD)	and	interest	of	$34	USD	($43	CAD).

## 7. PROVISIONS	AND	OTHER	FINANCIAL	LIABILITIES

CI	is	a	party	to	a	number	of	claims,	proceedings	and	investigations,	including	legal,	regulatory	and	tax,	in	the	ordinary	course of	its	business.	Due	to	the	inherent	uncertainty	involved	in	these	matters,	it	is	difficult	to	predict	the	final	outcome	or	the amount	and	timing	of	any	outflow	related	to	such	matters.	Based	on	current	information	and	consultations	with	advisors,	CI does	not	expect	the	outcome	of	these	matters,	individually	or	in	aggregate,	to	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	its	financial position	or	on	its	ability	to	continue	normal	business	operations.

CI	 has	 made	 provisions	 based	 on	 current	 information	 and	 the	 probable	 resolution	 of	 such	 claims,	 proceedings	 and investigations,	 as	 well	 as	 severance	 and	 amounts	 payable	 in	 connection	 with	 business	 acquisitions.	 The	 movement	 in provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	are	as	follows:

| Provisions  Acquisition  liabilities  Provisions  Acquisition  liabilities  2022  2022  2021  2021  $  $  $  $  Provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities,	beginning	of	year  41,259  536,376  46,181  337,371  Additions  6,524  369,869  23,478  743,426  Amounts	used  (11,596)  (248,345)  (28,390)  (324,272)  Amounts	reversed  (52)  (3,049)  (10)  (1,842)  Fair	value	change	-	acquisition	liabilities	&amp;	loan	guarantee  10,819  51,583  -  157,102  Exchange	for	CIPW	unit	liabilities  [note	8]  -  (19,766)  -  (374,438)  Translation	-	acquisition	liabilities  -  39,691  -  (971)  Provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities,	end	of	year  46,954  726,359  41,259  536,376  Current	portion	of	provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities  5,197  497,549  6,942  191,052   |
|---|

## ACQUISITION-RELATED	LIABILITIES

Included	in	provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities	in	connection	with	business	acquisitions	are:

| As	at  As	at  December	31,	2022  December	31,	2021  $  $  Deferred	consideration  310,199  136,053  Fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  365,935  346,894  Fair	value	of	put	arrangements  50,225  53,429  Total	acquisition	liabilities  726,359  536,376   |
|---|

Deferred	consideration	represents	guaranteed	deferred	payments	on	acquisitions	and	typically	settle	in	90	to	270	days.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

Contingent	consideration	represents	the	estimated	fair	value	of	earn-out	payments	tied	to	the	acquired	companies	exceeding certain	 predefined	 financial	 metrics,	 and	 is	 revalued	 on	 a	 quarterly	 basis.	 During	 the	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022, compensation	expense	of	$8,428	[2021	-	$7,198]	is	included	in	contingent	consideration	payable	and	fair	value	change.		CI settled	 a	 contingent	 obligation	 for	 the	 exchange	 of	 CIPW	 CL	 A	 units	 and	 recognized	 compensation	 expense	 of	 $15,726, included	in	fair	value	change.

For	three	of	the	contingent	earn-out	arrangements	with	a	liability	fair	value	recorded	as	of	December	31,	2022	of	$23,659 [2021	 -	 $69,503],	 there	 was	 no	 maximum	 payout	 stipulated	 in	 the	 respective	 purchase	 agreements.	 For	 the	 remaining contingent	earn-out	arrangements	with	a	liability	fair	value	recorded	as	of	December	31,	2022	of	$342,277	[2021	-	$277,391], the	total	maximum	potential	payout	stipulated	in	the	respective	purchase	agreements	was	$945,678	[2021	-	$715,105].

Put	 options	 represent	 the	 fair	 value	 of	 embedded	 options	 in	 the	 acquisition	 purchase	 agreements	 to	 exchange	 minority interests	for	cash,	subject	to	specific	terms,	and	are	revalued	on	a	quarterly	basis.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022, GSFM	shareholders	exercised	their	put	to	CI	at	an	equivalent	Canadian	cash	value	of	$7,449	[2021	-	$17,748].

Included	 in	 total	 acquisition	 liabilities	 are	 foreign	 translation	 adjustments	 since	 the	 date	 of	 the	 acquisitions.	 Fair	 value adjustments	to	the	acquisition	liabilities	are	included	in	change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration	in	the	consolidated statements	of	income	and	comprehensive	income.

During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	CI	paid	cash	of	$248,345 and	CI	shares	of		$nil	related	to	the	acquisitions	[2021	cash	of	$309,093	and	CI	shares	$15,179].

## PROVISIONS

CI	is	a	defendant	to	certain	lawsuits	of	which	two	are	class	action	lawsuits	related	to	events	and	transactions	that	gave	rise	to a	settlement	agreement	with	the	Ontario	Securities	Commission	['OSC']	in	2004.	Although	CI	continues	to	believe	that	this settlement	fully	compensated	investors	affected	by	frequent	trading	activity,	a	provision	has	been	recorded	with	respect	to this	matter.

CI	maintains	insurance	policies	that	may	provide	coverage	against	certain	claims.	Amounts	receivable	under	these	policies	are not	accrued	for	unless	the	realization	of	income	is	virtually	certain.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2022	and	2021,	no insurance	proceeds	were	received	related	to	the	settlement	of	legal	claims.

CI	has	guaranteed	certain	CIPW	employee	loans	with	third	party	institutions.		The	estimated	fair	value	of	the	loan	guarantee	is $10,819	and	is	included	in	provisions	and	in	transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal	expense.		Additional	details	of	the loan	guarantee	are	included	in	Notes	8,	14	and	note	16.

During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	CI	recorded	provisions	of	$6,524	for	legal	and	severance	[2021	-	$23,478].	As	at December	31,	2022,	a	provision	of	$36,135	remains	[2021	-	$41,259].

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## 8.	CIPW	UNIT	LIABILITIES

CI	established	CIPW	in	2021	to	serve	as	the	holding	entity	for	its	U.S.	wealth	management	acquisitions.	CIPW	acquired	the remaining	 stakes	 in	 the	 wealth	 management	 businesses	 it	 did	 not	 fully	 own	 in	 exchange	 for	 an	 interest	 in	 CIPW	 Class	 A redeemable	units	['CIPW	Class	A	units'].	In	addition,	certain	former	owners	of	its	U.S.	wealth	management	acquisitions	and other	employees	invested	cash	in	CIPW	in	exchange	for	CIPW	Class	A	units.	During	2022,	additional	CIPW	Class	A	units	were issued	as	consideration	for	various	RIA	acquisitions	as	outlined	in	Note	2.	CI	provided	bridge	financing	to	purchase	Class	A units,	which	are	full	recourse	loans	with	customary	interest	rates.	During	2022,	employees	repaid	$78,576 ($58,989	USD)	of loans	using	proceeds	received	from	3rd	party	bankers	which	are	guaranteed	by	CI.	As	at	December	31,	2022,	loans	of	$12,051 ($8,900	USD)	are	outstanding	and	included	in	other	assets.	CI	also	settled	a	contingent	consideration	obligation	in	CIPW	Class A	units [Note	7] .	Lastly,	CI	granted	restricted	redeemable	units	of	CIPW	Class	A	units	to	certain	employees,	subject	to	vesting provisions	 while	 still	 employed.	 As	 at	 December	 31,	 2022,	 49,492,811	 CIPW	 Class	 A	 units	 were	 issued	 or	 granted	 to employees.

During	2022,	CI	established	CI	Private	Wealth	Canada	LTD	('CIPW	Canada')	to	serve	as	a	holding	entity	for	a	portion	of	its Canada	wealth	management	acquisitions.	CIPW	Canada	issued	6,817,500	Class	A	units	of	CIPW	Canada	to	former	owners	in Northwood	as	part	of	the	acquisition	consideration.

Under	the	terms	of	the	unit	agreement	underlying	CIPW	and	CIPW	Canada	[together	'the	Company'],	only	employees	can hold	the	Class	A	units	while	employed	which	can	only	be	sold	to	the	Company	based	on	a	predefined	valuation	formula,	which serves	as	a	proxy	for	fair	value	of	the	unit.	In	addition,	if	a	unitholder	leaves	or	retires	before	December	2024	for	CIPW	and March	2025	for	CIPW	Canada	(the	'Vesting	Periods'),	they	receive	the	lower	of	their	purchase	price	or	fair	market	value.	Due to	these	conditions,	the	units	are	considered	cash	settled	awards	granted	to	employees,	and	compensation	expense	for	the excess	of	the	formula	price	over	the	price	paid	by	employees	is	recognized	over	the	Vesting	Period	and	is	included	in	selling, general	and	administrative	expenses.

During	the	three	months	ended	December	31,	2022,	CIPW	granted	6,259,285	redeemable	Class	B	units	of	CIPW	['CIPW	Class B	units']	that	vest	over	6	years.	They	are	profit	interests	under	U.S.	Tax	law	and	exchangeable	at	CIPW's	option	into	CIPW Class	A	units.	The	grant	date	fair	value	was	determined	using	an	option	pricing	model	and	is	recognized	on	a	graded	vesting basis	over	the	vesting	period	and	is	included	in	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses.

The	 Company	 recorded	 an	 expense	 related	 to	 the	 accrual	 of	 distributions	 of	 earnings	 payable	 to	 the	 unitholders	 as	 at December	31,	2022	which	is	included	in	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses.

A	summary	of	the	compensation	expense	and	distributions	recorded	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	is	as	follows:

| December	31,	2022  Recognition	of	compensation	expense	(recovery)	of	vested	units  13,499  Distributions  43,545  Total  57,044   |
|---|

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

CI's	liability	related	to	CIPW	and	CIPW	Canada	units	is	as	follows:

| As	at  As	at  December	31,	2022  December	31,	2021  Balance,	beginning	of	year  374,438  -  Acquisition	related	additions	(non-cash)  141,949  -  Exchange	for	CIPW	unit	liabilities  [note	7]  19,766  374,438  Recognition	of	compensation	expense	of	vested	units  13,499  -  Subscription	-	Loans	(non-cash)  80,653  -  Subscription	-	Cash  92,906  -  Redemption  (7,228)  -  Distribution	payable  16,457  -  Translation  33,519  -  Balance,	December	31,	2022	including	CIPW	-	$556,204	USD	(2021	-	$296,012	USD)  765,959  374,438  Unrecognized	compensation	expense  116,713  -   |
|---|

In	the	current	year,	CIPW	unit	liabilities	have	been	shown	as	a	separate	line	item	on	the	statement	of	financial	position.		The comparative	 amount	 of	 $374,438	 was	 reclassified	 from	 acquisition	 related	 liabilities	 that	 were	 included	 in	 provisions	 and other	financial	liabilities.

## 9. LEASES

The	following	shows	the	carrying	amounts	of	CI's	right-of-use	assets	and	lease	liabilities,	and	the	movements	during	the	year ended	December	31,	2022:

| Right-of-use	assets  Property  leases  Equipment  leases  Total  Lease  liabilities  $  $  $  $  As	at	January	1,	2022  141,506  1,100  142,606  173,755  Additions,	acquired	&amp;	modifications  18,697  1,097  19,794  25,710  Depreciation	expense  (21,369)  (653)  (22,022)  -  Lease	termination  (5,219)  -  (5,219)  (7,941)  Interest	expense  -  -  -  6,583  Payments  -  -  -  (29,548)  Translation  4,204  59  4,263  4,795  As	at	December	31,	2022  137,819  1,603  139,422  173,354   |
|---|

During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	CI	recognized	rent	expenses	from	short-term	leases	of $2,965,	leases	of	low-value assets	of	$554	and	variable	lease	payments	of	$12,048 [2021	-	expenses	of	$462,	$324	and	$12,153,	respectively].

Included	in	other	revenues	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	is	finance	income	of	$895	received	from	sub-leasing	rightof-use	assets	[2021	-	$289].

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

During	 the	 year,	 CI	 terminated	 a	 lease	 and	 recognized	 a	 net	 loss	 on	 the	 termination	 of	 $1,178	 which	 included	 an	 early termination	fee	of	$3,900	and	a	gain	on	the	write-off	of	the	right-of-use	asset	and	liability	of	$2,722.

At	the	inception	of	the	lease,	CI	calculates	the	present	value	of	the	right-of-use	asset	and	lease	liability	using	an	incremental borrowing	rate	that	reflects	the	interest	rate	in	a	loan	should	CI	have	to	borrow	with	similar	terms	and	conditions	of	the	lease.

## 10.	SHARE	CAPITAL

A	summary	of	the	changes	to	CI's	share	capital	for	the	years	ended	December	31	is	as	follows:

## [A]	AUTHORIZED	AND	ISSUED

| Number	of	shares  Stated	value  [in	thousands]  $  Authorized  An	unlimited	number	of	common	shares	of	CI  Issued  Common	shares,	balance,	December	31,	2020  210,358  1,867,997  Issuance	for	acquisition	of	subsidiaries,	net	of	issuance	costs  3,712  78,916  Issuance	of	share	capital	for	equity-based	plans,	net	of	tax  799  10,825  Share	repurchases,	net	of	tax  (17,447)  (147,585)  Common	shares,	balance,	December	31,	2021  197,422  1,810,153  Issuance	for	acquisition	of	subsidiary,	net	of	issuance	costs  74  1,952  Issuance	of	share	capital	for	equity-based	plans,	net	of	tax  1,138  16,117  Share	repurchases,	net	of	tax  (14,116)  (121,342)  Common	shares,	balance,	December	31,	2022  184,518  1,706,880   |
|---|

During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	12,666	thousand	shares	[2021	-	15,692	thousand	shares]	were	repurchased	under a	normal	course	issuer	bid	at	an	average	cost	of	$15.87	per	share	for	total	consideration	of	$200,974	[2021	-	$21.17	per	share for	 total	 consideration	 of	 $332,248].	 Deficit	 was	 increased	 by	 $85,256	 during	 the	 year	 ended	 December	 31,	 2022	 [2021	 $191,760]	for	the	cost	of	the	shares	repurchased	in	excess	of	their	stated	value.

During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	1,450	thousand	shares	[2021	-	1,755	thousand	shares]	were	repurchased	for	CI's restricted	share	unit	plan	at	an	average	cost	of	$19.82	per	share	for	total	consideration	of	$28,734	[$21,119	after	tax]	[2021	$18.27	per	share	for	total	consideration	of	$32,071	[$23,573	net	of	tax].	Deficit	was	increased	by	$15,495	during	the	year ended	December	31,	2022	[2021	-	$16,474]	for	the	cost	of	the	shares	repurchased	in	excess	of	their	stated	value.

## [B]	EMPLOYEE	INCENTIVE	SHARE	OPTION	PLAN

CI	has	an	employee	incentive	share	option	plan	[the	'Share	Option	Plan'],	as	amended	and	restated,	for	the	executives	and key	employees	of	CI.

The	 maximum	 number	 of	 shares	 that	 may	 be	 issued	 under	 the	 Share	 Option	 Plan	 is	 14,000	 thousand	 shares.	 As	 at

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

December	31,	2022,	there	are	506	thousand	shares	[2021	-	811	thousand	shares]	reserved	for	issuance	on	exercise	of	share options.	These	options	vest	over	periods	of	up	to	five	years,	may	be	exercised	at	prices	ranging	from	$18.99	to	$28.67	per share	and	expire	at	dates	up	to	2029.

A	summary	of	the	changes	in	the	Share	Option	Plan	is	as	follows:

| Number	of	options  Weighted	average  exercise	price  [in	thousands]  $  Options	outstanding,	December	31,	2020  2,606  26.38  Options	exercisable,		December	31,	2020  2,020  28.44  Options	exercised  (3)  27.44  Options	cancelled  (1,792)  28.41  Options	outstanding,	December	31,	2021  811  21.88  Options	exercisable,		December	31,	2021  274  27.53  Options	exercised	(*)  (3)  18.99  Options	cancelled  (302)  26.11  Options	outstanding,	December	31,	2022  506  19.37  Options	exercisable,	December	31,	2022  144  20.34   |
|---|

(*)	Weighted-average	share	price	of	options	exercised	was	$26.96 during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	[2021 -$30.13]

The	equity-based	compensation	expense	under	the	Share	Option	Plan	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	of	$(76)	[2021	$290]	has	been	included	in	selling,	general	and	administrative	expenses.

Options	outstanding	and	exercisable	as	at	December	31,	2022	are	as	follows:

| Exercise	price  Number	of  options	outstanding  Weighted	average  remaining	contractual	life  Number	of	options  exercisable  $  [in	thousands]  [years]  [in	thousands]  18.99  486  6.2  124  28.67  20  0.2  20  18.99	to	28.67  506  6.8  144   |
|---|

## [C]	RESTRICTED	SHARE	UNITS

CI	has	an	employee	restricted	share	unit	plan	[the	'RSU	Plan']	for	senior	executives	and	other	key	employees.	Compensation expense	is	recognized	and	recorded	as	contributed	surplus	based	upon	the	market	value	of	the	restricted	share	units	['RSUs'] at	 the	 grant	 date.	 Forfeitures	 of	 RSUs	 reduce	 compensation	 expense	 to	 the	 extent	 contributed	 surplus	 was	 previously recorded	 for	 such	 awards.	 On	 vesting	 of	 RSUs,	 share	 capital	 is	 credited	 for	 the	 amounts	 initially	 recorded	 as	 contributed surplus	to	reflect	the	issuance	of	share	capital.

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

A	summary	of	the	changes	in	the	RSU	Plan	is	as	follows:

| Number	of	RSUs	[in	thousands]  2022  2021  RSUs	outstanding,	beginning	of	year  1,437  504  Granted,	excluding	dividends  1,736  1,783  Granted,	dividends  117  58  Exercised  (1,085)  (849)  Forfeited  (399)  (59)  RSUs	outstanding,	end	of	year  1,806  1,437   |
|---|

An	expense	of	$24,653	was	recorded		during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	[2021	-	$21,715].

CI	uses	a	trust	to	hold	CI's	common	shares,	to	fulfill	obligations	to	employees	arising	from	the	RSU	Plan.	The	common	shares held	by	the	trust	are	not	considered	to	be	outstanding	for	the	purposes	of	basic	and	diluted	earnings	per	share	calculations.

## [D]	DEFERRED	SHARE	UNITS

The	deferred	share	unit	plan	[the	'DSU	Plan']	was	established	in	March	2017,	whereby	directors	may	elect	to	receive	all	or	a portion	of	their	quarterly	compensation	in	either	cash	or	deferred	share	units	['DSUs'].	The	DSUs	fully	vest	on	the	grant	date and	an	expense	is	recorded	based	upon	the	market	value	of	the	DSUs	at	the	grant	date	with	an	offset	included	in	accounts payable	and	accrued	liabilities.	At	the	end	of	each	period,	the	change	in	the	fair	value	of	the	DSUs	is	recorded	as	an	expense with	an	offset	recorded	to	the	liability.	DSUs	can	only	be	redeemed	for	cash	once	the	holder	ceases	to	be	a	director	of	CI.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, 25 thousand DSUs were granted, and nil DSUs were exercised [2021	-	14	thousand	DSUs,	and	nil	exercised].	An	expense	recovery	of	$269	was	recorded	during	the	year	ended	December 31,	2022	[2021	-	expense	of	$730].	As	at	December	31,	2022,	included	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities	is	an	accrual of	$976	for	amounts	to	be	paid	under	the	DSU	Plan	[2021	-	$1,245].

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## [E]	BASIC	AND	DILUTED	EARNINGS	PER	SHARE

The	following	table	presents	the	calculation	of	basic	and	diluted	earnings	per	common	share	for	the	years	ended	December 31:

| [in	thousands]  2022  2021  Numerator:  Net	income	attributable	to	shareholders	of	the	Company	-	basic	and	diluted  $299,757  $409,328  Denominator:  Weighted	average	number	of	common	shares	-	basic  189,089  201,628  Weighted	average	effect	of	dilutive	stock	options	and	RSU	awards  (*)  669  838  Weighted	average	number	of	common	shares	-	diluted  189,758  202,466  Net	earnings	per	common	share	attributable	to	shareholders  Basic  $1.59  $2.03  Diluted  $1.58  $2.02   |
|---|

(*)		The	determination	of	the	weighted	average	number	of	common	shares	-	diluted	excludes	506	thousand	shares	related	to	stock	options that	were	anti-dilutive	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	[2021 -274	thousand	shares].

## [F]	MAXIMUM	SHARE	DILUTION

The	following	table	presents	the	maximum	number	of	shares	that	would	be	outstanding	if	all	the	outstanding	options	were exercised	and	if	all	RSU	awards	vested	as	at	January	31,	2023:

| [in	thousands]  Shares	outstanding	at	January	31,	2023  186,285  RSU	awards  1,822  Options	to	purchase	shares  506  188,613   |
|---|

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## 11.	DIVIDENDS

The	following	dividends	were	paid	by	CI	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022:

| Record	date  Payment	date  Cash	dividend  per	share  Total	dividend  amount  $  $  December	31,	2021  January	14,	2022  0.18  35,511  March	31,	2022  April	15,	2022  0.18  34,748  June	30,	2022  July	15,	2022  0.18  34,592  September	30,	2022  October	14,	2022  0.18  32,524  Paid	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022  137,375   |
|---|

The	following	dividends	were	declared	but	not	paid	as	at	December	31,	2022:

| Record	date  Payment	date  Cash	dividend  per	share  Total	dividend  amount  $  $  December	30,	2022  January	13,	2023  0.18  33,213  March	31,	2023  April	14,	2023  0.18  33,213  Declared	and	accrued	as	at	December	31,	2022  66,426   |
|---|

The	following	dividends	were	paid	by	CI	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021:

| Record	date  Payment	date  Cash	dividend  per	share  Total	dividend  amount  $  $  December	31,	2020  January	15,	2021  0.18  37,869  March	31,	2021  April	15,	2021  0.18  36,728  June	30,	2021  July	15,	2021  0.18  36,239  September	30,	2021  October	15,	2021  0.18  35,611  Paid	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021  146,447   |
|---|

The	following	dividends	were	declared	but	not	paid	as	at	December	31,	2021:

| Record	date  Payment	date  Cash	dividend  per	share  Total	dividend  amount  $  $  December	31,	2021  January	14,	2022  0.18  35,536  March	31,	2022  April	15,	2022  0.18  35,536  Declared	and	accrued	as	at	December	31,	2021  71,072   |
|---|

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## 12.	INCOME	TAXES

The	following	are	the	major	components	of	income	tax	expense	for	the	years	ended	December	31:

| 2022  2021  $  $  Consolidated	Statements	of	Income  Current	income	tax	expense  Based	on	taxable	income	of	the	current	year  183,789  217,896  Adjustments	in	respect	of	prior	years  (4,637)  (1,685)  179,152  216,211  Deferred	income	tax	expense  Origination	and	reversal	of	temporary	differences	(net)  (4,777)  (42,419)  (4,777)  (42,419)  Income	tax	expense	reported	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	income  174,375  173,792   |
|---|

The	following	is	a	reconciliation	between	CI's	statutory	and	effective	income	tax	rates	for	the	years	ended	December	31:

| 2022  2021  %  %  Combined	Canadian	federal	and	provincial	income	tax	rate  26.5  26.5  Recovery	of	prior	years'	provisions	for	settled	tax	items  0.3  0.1  Deferred	tax	not	recognized  3.6  -  Non-deductible	(taxable)	portion	of	capital	losses	(capital	gains)  2.5  (0.5)  Other,	net  3.7  3.5  Income	tax	expense	reported	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	income	and	comprehensive	income  36.6  29.6   |
|---|

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

Deferred	 income	 taxes	 reflect	 the	 net	 tax	 effects	 of	 temporary	 differences	 between	 the	 carrying	 amounts	 of	 assets	 and liabilities	 for	 financial	 reporting	 purposes	 and	 the	 amounts	 used	 for	 income	 tax	 purposes.	 Significant	 components	 of	 CI's deferred	income	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	as	follows	at	December	31,	2022:

| December	31,	2021  Recognized  in	net  income  Business  acquisition  [note	2]  Recognized  in	equity  and	FX  December	31,	2022  $  $  $  $  $  Net	deferred	income	tax	(assets)	liabilities  Fund	contracts  467,025  13,551  8,715  (831)  488,460  Right-of-use	assets  37,527  (1,668)  -  1,290  37,149  Equity-based	compensation  (16,653)  (15,846)  -  (1,623)  (34,122)  Non-capital	loss	carryforwards  (9,176)  (2,254)  -  7  (11,423)  Provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities  (12,470)  1,108  -  (284)  (11,646)  Lease	liabilities  (45,932)  2,758  -  (1,342)  (44,516)  Other  3,555  (2,426)  -  1,054  2,183  Net	deferred	income	tax	(assets)	liabilities  423,876  (4,777)  8,715  (1,729)  426,085   |
|---|

Significant	components	of	CI's	deferred	income	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	as	follows	at	December	31,	2021:

| December	31,	2020  Recognized  in	net  income  Business  acquisition  Recognized  in	equity  and	FX  December	31,	2021  $  $  $  $  $  Net	deferred	income	tax	(assets)	liabilities  Fund	contracts  487,348  (26,901)  8,095  (1,517)  467,025  Right-of-use	assets  12,904  24,623  -  -  37,527  Equity-based	compensation  (14,400)  531  -  (2,784)  (16,653)  Non-capital	loss	carryforwards  (7,341)  (1,835)  -  -  (9,176)  Provision	for	other	liabilities  (7,611)  (4,859)  -  -  (12,470)  Lease	liabilities  (19,409)  (26,523)  -  -  (45,932)  Other  11,398  (7,455)  (166)  (222)  3,555  Net	deferred	income	tax	(assets)	liabilities  462,889  (42,419)  7,929  (4,523)  423,876   |
|---|

## Unrecognized	tax	losses

Unrealized	capital	tax	losses	for	which	deferred	tax	assets	have	not	been	recognized	was	$105	million	at	December	31,	2022 [2021	-		nil].

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## 13.	FINANCIAL	INSTRUMENTS

The	 carrying	 amounts	 of	 the	 financial	 instruments	 are	 presented	 in	 the	 table	 below	 and	 are	 classified	 according	 to	 the following	categories:

| December	31,	2022  December	31,	2021  $  $  Financial	assets  Fair	value	through	profit	or	loss  Cash	and	cash	equivalents  153,620  230,779  Investments  40,448  131,772  Other	assets  32,951  48,560  Amortized	cost  Client	and	trust	funds	on	deposit  1,306,595  1,199,904  Accounts	receivable  260,102  242,154  Other	assets  62,718  59,172  Total	financial	assets  1,856,434  1,912,341  Financial	liabilities  Fair	value	through	profit	or	loss  Provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities  416,160  774,761  Amortized	cost  Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities  280,433  351,495  Provisions	and	other	financial	liabilities  357,153  177,312  Dividends	payable  66,426  71,072  Client	and	trust	funds	payable  1,312,640  1,202,079  Long-term	debt  4,216,214  3,776,038  CIPW	unit	liability	(*)  16,387  -  Total	financial	liabilities  6,665,413  6,352,757   |
|---|

(*)	Distribution	payable	included	in	CIPW	unit	liability

CI's	 investments	 as	 at	 December	 31,	 2022	 and	 2021	 include	 CI's	 marketable	 securities,	 which	 comprise	 of	 seed	 capital investments	in	CI's	mutual	funds	and	strategic	investments.	Mutual	fund	securities	are	valued	using	the	net	asset	value	per unit	 of	 each	 fund,	 which	 represents	 the	 underlying	 net	 assets	 at	 fair	 values	 determined	 using	 closing	 market	 prices.	 CI's mutual	fund	securities	that	are	valued	daily	are	classified	as	Level	1	in	the	fair	value	hierarchy.	Mutual	fund	securities	and strategic	investments	that	are	valued	less	frequently	are	classified	as	Level	2	in	the	fair	value	hierarchy.	CI's	investments	as	at December	 31,	 2022,	 also	 include	 securities	 owned,	 at	 market,	 consisting	 of	 money	 market	 and	 equity	 securities.	 Money market	and	equity	securities	are	valued	based	on	quoted	prices	and	are	classified	as	Level	1	in	the	fair	value	hierarchy.		There have	been	no	transfers	between	Level	1,	Level	2	and	Level	3	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	[2021	-	a	Level	3 investment	of	$202	was	transferred	to	Level	1].

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

Investments	consist	of	the	following	as	at	December	31,	2022:

| Total  Level	1  Level	2  Level	3  $  $  $  $  Marketable	securities  20,628  16,972  -  3,656  Securities	owned,	at	market  19,820  19,820  -  -  Total	investments  40,448  36,792  -  3,656   |
|---|

Investments	consist	of	the	following	as	at	December	31,	2021:

| Total  Level	1  Level	2  Level	3  $  $  $  $  Marketable	securities  116,879  33,278  79,946  3,655  Securities	owned,	at	market  14,893  14,893  -  -  Total	investments  131,772  48,171  79,946  3,655   |
|---|

Included	in	other	assets	are	long-term	private	equity	strategic	investments	of	$34	[2021	-	$202]	valued	using	Level	1	inputs and	$32,917	[2021	- $48,358]	valued	using	Level	3	inputs.		Level	3	inputs	includes	an	evaluation	of	current	financial	data	and recent	market	transactions	to	assess	the	current	value	of	the	investment.

Long-term	 debt	 as	 at	 December	 31,	 2022	 includes	 debentures	 with	 a	 fair	 value	 of	 $3,039,446	 [2021	 -	 $3,520,159],	 as determined	by	quoted	market	prices,	which	have	been	classified	as	Level	2	in	the	fair	value	hierarchy.

Included	 in	 provisions	 and	 other	 financial	 liabilities	 as	 at	 December	 31,	 2022	 is	 put	 options	 payable	 on	 non-controlling interests	of	$50,225	[2021	-	$53,429]	and	contingent	consideration	payable	of	$365,935		[2021	-	$346,894].	The	fair	value	of the	put	option	payable	and	contingent	consideration	payable	was	determined	using	a	combination	of	the	discounted	cash flow	or	earnings	multiple	methods,	and	Monte-Carlo	simulations	and	weighted	probability	approaches,	which	are	based	on significant	 inputs	 that	 are	 considered	 Level	 3	 inputs.	 The	 valuation	 of	 the	 put	 option	 payable	 also	 included	 assumptions regarding	the	timing	in	which	the	minority	shareholders	will	require	CI	to	purchase	these	non-controlling	interests.

In	determining	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration	payable,	the	acquired	business's	future	performance	is	estimated	using financial	 projections	 for	 the	 acquired	 business.	 These	 financial	 projections,	 as	 well	 as	 alternative	 scenarios	 of	 financial performance,	are	measured	against	the	performance	targets	specified	in	each	respective	acquisition	agreement.	In	addition, discount	 rates	 are	 established	 based	 on	 the	 cost	 of	 debt	 and	 the	 cost	 of	 equity.	 The	 fair	 value	 of	 certain	 put	 option arrangements	 includes	 a	 projection	 of	 future	 performance,	 discounted	 based	 on	 the	 cost	 of	 equity	 and	 a	 risk	 premium. Otherwise,	 the	 fair	 value	 of	 put	 option	 arrangements	 is	 based	 on	 the	 exchange	 value	 of	 the	 subsidiary	 redeemable instruments,	calculated	using	an	earnings	multiple	approach.

Significant	unobservable	inputs	include	forecasted	average	annualized	earnings	growth	rates,	annual	revenue	growth	rates, discount	 rates	 and	 volatility.	 The	 estimated	 fair	 value	 of	 put	 option	 payable	 and	 contingent	 consideration	 payable	 would increase	(decrease)	if	the	forecasted	growth	rate	was	higher	(lower),	if	the	annual	revenue	growth	rate	was	higher	(lower),	if the	discount	rate	was	lower	(higher)	or	if	volatility	was	higher	(lower).	The	weighted	average	input	values	were	calculated	in

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

proportion	to	the	weights	of	contingent	consideration	payable	under	each	acquisition.

Inputs	 used	 in	 the	 fair	 value	 measurement	 of	 contingent	 consideration	 payable	 as	 of	 December	 31,	 2022	 and	 2021	 are summarized	below.

Quantitative	Information	about	Level	3	Fair	Value	Measurements	-	December	31,	2022

| Fair	value  Valuation	Technique  Unobservable	Inputs  Range  Weighted  average  $  %  %  365,935  Monte-Carlo	simulation	model  Forecasted	average	annualized	earnings	growth	rates  (11.2)	to	40.9  9.6  Annual	revenue	growth	rates  3.1	to	19.2  10.5  Discount	rates  8.1	to	24.1  10.8  Volatility  9.6	to	23.9  17.9   |
|---|

## Quantitative	Information	about	Level	3	Fair	Value	Measurements	-	December	31,	2021

| Fair	value  Valuation	Technique  Unobservable	Inputs  Range  Weighted  average  $  %  %  333,638  Monte-Carlo	simulation	model  Forecasted	average	annualized	earnings	growth	rates  (1.9)	to	31.2  11.7  Annual	revenue	growth	rates  3.5	to	30.8  13.5  Discount	rates  4.0	to	20.8  12.9  Volatility  9.5	to	25.4  21.7  13,256  Weighted	probability	approach  Annualized	earnings	growth	rates  3.6	to	12.2  9.9  Discount	rates  8.7	to	11.0  9.9   |
|---|

## 14.	RISK	MANAGEMENT

Risk	 management	 is	 an	 integrated	 process	 with	 independent	 oversight.	 Management	 has	 developed	 an	 enterprise-wide approach	 to	 risk	 management	 that	 involves	 executives	 in	 each	 core	 business	 unit	 and	 operating	 area	 of	 CI.	 Using	 a quantitative	and	qualitative	analysis,	risk	factors	are	assessed	and	procedures	are	implemented	to	mitigate	the	various	events that	could	impact	CI's	financial	position	and	results	of	operations.

CI's	financial	instruments	bear	the	following	financial	risks:

## [A]	MARKET	RISK

Market	risk	is	the	risk	of	a	financial	loss	resulting	from	adverse	changes	in	underlying	market	factors,	such	as	interest	rates, foreign	exchange	rates,	and	equity	prices.	CI's	Corporate	Finance	Group	reviews	the	exposure	to	interest	rate	risk,	foreign exchange	risk	and	price	risk	by	identifying,	monitoring	and	reporting	potential	market	risks	to	the	Chief	Financial	Officer.		A description	of	each	component	of	market	risk	is	described	below:

- Interest	rate	risk	is	the	risk	of	loss	due	to	the	volatility	of	interest	rates.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

- Foreign	exchange	risk	is	the	risk	of	loss	due	to	volatility	of	foreign	exchange	rates.
- Price	risk	is	the	risk	of	loss	due	to	changes	in	prices	and	volatility	of	financial	instruments.

CI's	financial	performance	is	indirectly	exposed	to	market	risk.	Any	decline	in	financial	markets	or	lack	of	sustained	growth	in such	 markets	 may	 result	 in	 a	 corresponding	 decline	 in	 the	 performance	 and	 may	 adversely	 affect	 CI's	 assets	 under management	and	financial	results.

## (i)	Interest	rate	risk

Interest	 rate	 risk	 arises	 from	 the	 possibility	 that	 changes	 in	 interest	 rates	 will	 affect	 the	 value	 of	 financial	 instruments. Fluctuations	in	interest	rates	have	a	direct	impact	on	the	interest	payments	CI	makes	on	its	long-term	debt.	Debt	outstanding on	CI's	credit	facility	of	$320,000	[2021	-	$297,500]	is	borrowed	at	a	floating	interest	rate.

Based	on	the	amount	borrowed	under	the	credit	facility	as	at	December	31,	2022,	each	0.50%	increase	or	decrease	in	interest rates	would	result	in	annual	interest	expense	increasing	or	decreasing	by	$1,600	[2021	-	$1,488],	respectively.

## (ii)	Foreign	exchange	risk

CI	 is	 exposed	 to	 foreign	 exchange	 risk	 primarily	 from	 its	 investment	 in	 foreign	 subsidiaries	 operating	 in	 the	 United	 States, Australia	and	Hong	Kong	and	from	long-term	debt	denominated	in	U.S.	dollars.

The	following	table	provides	the	impact	on	net	income	and	other	comprehensive	income	['OCI']	of	a	10%	change	in	the	value of	foreign	currencies	with	respect	to	CI's	net	financial	assets	as	at	December	31,	2022:

| 10%	strengthening  of	foreign	exchange  rate	on	net	income  10%	strengthening	of  foreign	exchange  rate	on	OCI  10%	weakening	of  foreign	exchange  rate	on	net	income  10%	weakening	of  foreign	exchange  rate	on	OCI  United	States	dollar  (246,652)  (29,819)  246,652  29,819  Australian	dollar  233  1,208  (233)  (1,208)  Hong	Kong	dollar  (23)  -  23  -   |
|---|

The	 following	 table	 provides	 the	 impact	 on	 net	 income	 and	 OCI	 of	 a	 10%	 change	 in	 the	 value	 of	 foreign	 currencies	 with respect	to	CI's	net	financial	assets	as	at	December	31,	2021:

| 10%	strengthening  of	foreign	exchange  rate	on	net	income  10%	strengthening	of  foreign	exchange  rate	on	OCI  10%	weakening	of  foreign	exchange  rate	on	net	income  10%	weakening	of  foreign	exchange  rate	on	OCI  United	States	dollar  (301,683)  4,917  301,683  (4,917)  Australian	dollar  (191)  1,469  191  (1,469)  Hong	Kong	dollar  138  -  (138)  -   |
|---|

## [iii]	Price	risk

CI	incurs	price	risk	through	its	investments	of	$40,448	[2021	-	$131,772].	Based	on	the	carrying	amount	of	these	assets,	an

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

increase	or	decrease	in	prices	by	10%	would	result	in	estimated	gains	or	losses	of	$4,045	[2021	-	$13,177],	respectively.

## [B]	LIQUIDITY	RISK

Liquidity	risk	arises	from	the	possibility	that	CI	will	encounter	difficulties	in	meeting	its	financial	obligations	as	they	fall	due.	CI manages	its	liquidity	risk	through	a	combination	of	cash	received	from	operations	as	well	as	borrowings	under	its	revolving credit	facility.	Liquidity	is	monitored	through	a	daily	cash	management	process	that	includes	the	projection	of	cash	flows	to ensure	CI	meets	its	funding	obligations.

CI's	liabilities	have	contractual	maturities,	excluding	interest	payments,	as	follows:

| Total  2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  2030  2051  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  Accounts	payable	and  accrued	liabilities  280,433  280,433  -  -  -  -  -  -  Dividends	payable  66,426  66,426  -  -  -  -  -  -  CIPW	unit	liability	(*)  16,387  16,387  -  -  -  -  -  -  Client	and	trust	funds	payable  1,312,640  1,312,640  -  -  -  -  -  -  Long-term	debt  4,239,881  320,000  301,433  850,000  -  250,000  1,299,844  1,218,604  Deferred	consideration  310,199  217,109  91,614  1,476  -  -  -  -  Contingent	consideration  365,935  254,260  90,192  21,483  -  -  -  -  Put	option  50,225  26,179  5,641  16,036  -  2,369  -  -  Total  6,642,126  2,493,434  488,880  888,995  -  252,369  1,299,844  1,218,604   |
|---|

(*)	 The	 CIPW	 unit	 liability	 in	 the	 table	 above	 is	 for	 distributions	 payable	 and	 excludes	 the	 remaining	 CIPW	 unit	 liability	 of $749,572	which	is	accounted	for	under	IFRS	2, Share-based	payments .		The	CIPW	unit	liability	is	classified	as	current	as	CIPW does	not	have	an	unconditional	right	to	defer	settlement	of	the	liability	for	a	period	longer	than	twelve	months.

## [C]	CREDIT	RISK

Credit	risk	is	the	risk	of	loss	associated	with	the	inability	of	a	third	party	to	fulfill	its	payment	obligations.	CI	is	exposed	to	the risk	that	third	parties	that	owe	it	money,	securities	or	other	assets	will	not	perform	their	obligations.	Expected	credit	losses associated	with	CI's	financial	assets	are	insignificant.

As	at	December	31,	2022,	financial	assets	of	$1,662,366	[2021	-	$1,549,790],	represented	by	client	and	trust	funds	on	deposit of	$1,306,595	[2021	-	$1,199,904],	accounts	receivable	of	$260,102	[2021	-	$242,154]	and	other	assets	of	$95,669	[2021	$107,732],	were	exposed	to	credit	risk.	CI	does	not	have	a	significant	exposure	to	any	individual	counterparty.	Credit	risk	is mitigated	 by	 regularly	 monitoring	 the	 credit	 performance	 of	 each	 individual	 counterparty	 and	 holding	 collateral,	 where appropriate.

Client	and	trust	funds	on	deposit	consist	mainly	of	cash	deposits	or	unsettled	trade	receivables.	CI	may	also	extend	amounts to	clients	on	a	margin	basis	for	security	purchases.	Margin	loans	are	due	on	demand	and	are	collateralized	by	the	financial instruments	in	the	client's	account.	CI	faces	a	risk	of	financial	loss	in	the	event	a	client	fails	to	meet	a	margin	call	if	market

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

prices	for	securities	held	as	collateral	decline	and	if	CI	is	unable	to	recover	sufficient	value	from	the	collateral	held.	The	credit extended	 is	 limited	 by	 regulatory	 requirements	 and	 by	 CI's	 internal	 credit	 policy.	 Credit	 risk	 is	 managed	 by	 dealing	 with counterparties	CI	believes	to	be	creditworthy	and	by	actively	monitoring	credit	and	margin	exposure	and	the	financial	health of	the	counterparties.

CI's	accounts	receivable	consist	primarily	of	management	fees	receivable,	amounts	due	to	CI	from	the	government	agencies with	respect	to	input	tax	credits	and	other	short-term	receivables	due	within	90	days.

Securities	lending	and	borrowing	agreements	consist	of	the	following	as	at	December	31,	2022:

| Cash  Securities  $  $  Loaned	or	delivered	as	collateral  2,913  2,693  Borrowed	or	received	as	collateral  943  769   |
|---|

Securities	lending	and	borrowing	agreements	consist	of	the	following	as	at	December	31,	2021:

| Cash  Securities  $  $  Loaned	or	delivered	as	collateral  6,942  6,631  Borrowed	or	received	as	collateral  16,882  16,530   |
|---|

CI	uses	securities	lending	and	borrowing	to	facilitate	the	securities	settlement	process.	These	transactions	are	typically	shortterm	in	nature,	fully	collateralized	by	either	cash	or	securities	and	subject	to	daily	margin	calls	for	any	deficiency	between	the market	value	of	the	security	given	and	the	amount	of	collateral	received.	CI	manages	its	credit	exposure	by	establishing	and monitoring	 aggregate	 limits	 by	 counterparty	 for	 these	 transactions.	 	 Cash	 loaned	 or	 delivered	 as	 collateral	 is	 included	 in accounts	receivable	and	cash	borrowed	or	received	as	collateral	is	included	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities.

Other	assets	consist	mainly	of	long-term	investments,	long-term	accounts	receivable,	employee	loans	to	acquire	shares	of	CI and	 CIPW	 and	 loans	 extended	 to	 investment	 advisors	 under	 CI's	 hiring	 and	 incentive	 program.	 Employee	 loans	 are collateralized	by	CI	and	CIPW	shares	and	become	due	immediately	upon	termination	of	the	employee	or	upon	the	sale	of	the shares	 held	 as	 collateral.	 Commissions	 may	 be	 used	 to	 offset	 loan	 amounts	 made	 to	 investment	 advisors	 in	 the	 event	 of default.	Credit	risk	associated	with	other	assets	is	limited	given	the	nature	of	the	relationship	with	the	counterparties.

## 15.	CAPITAL	MANAGEMENT

CI's	objectives	in	managing	capital	are	to	maintain	a	capital	structure	that	allows	CI	to	meet	its	growth	strategies	and	build long-term	shareholder	value,	while	satisfying	its	financial	obligations.	CI's	capital	comprises	shareholders'	equity	and	longterm	debt	(including	the	current	portion	of	long-term	debt).

CI	and	its	subsidiaries	are	subject	to	minimum	regulatory	capital	requirements	whereby	sufficient	cash	and	other	liquid	assets must	be	on	hand	to	maintain	capital	requirements	rather	than	using	them	in	connection	with	its	business.	As	at	December	31,

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

2022,	cash	and	cash	equivalents	of	$13,879 [December	31,	2021	-	$21,695]	were	required	to	be	on	hand	for	regulatory	capital maintenance.	Failure	to	maintain	required	regulatory	capital	by	CI	may	result	in	fines,	suspension	or	revocation	of	registration by	the	relevant	securities	regulator.	CI	from	time	to	time	provides	loans	to	its	subsidiaries	for	operating	purposes	and	may choose	to	subordinate	these	loans	in	favour	of	general	creditors.	The	repayment	of	subordinated	loans	is	subject	to	regulatory approval.	As	at	December	31,	2022	and	December	31,	2021,	CI	met	its	capital	requirements.

CI's	capital	consists	of	the	following:

| As	at  As	at  December	31,	2022  December	31,	2021  $  $  Shareholders'	equity  1,609,771  1,588,517  Long-term	debt  4,216,214  3,776,038  Total	capital  5,825,985  5,364,555   |
|---|

## 16.	COMMITMENTS

## LEASE	COMMITMENTS

CI	 has	 entered	 into	 leases	 relating	 to	 the	 rental	 of	 office	 premises	 and	 computer	 equipment.	 CI	 has	 the	 option	 to	 renew certain	leases.	The	approximate	future	minimum	annual	rental	payments	under	such	leases	are	as	follows:

| $  2023  35,450  2024  31,377  2025  35,602  2026  32,076  2027  30,990  2028+  200,968  Total  366,463   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ADVISOR	SERVICES	AGREEMENTS

CI	is	a	party	to	certain	advisor	services	agreements,	which	provide	that	the	advisor	has	the	option	to	require	CI	to	purchase	a practice	that	cannot	otherwise	be	transitioned	to	a	qualified	buyer.	The	purchase	price	would	be	in	accordance	with	a	predetermined	formula	contained	in	the	advisor	services	agreements.

## LOAN	GUARANTEES

CIPW	issued	Class	A	units	and	in	some	cases,	provided	bridge	loan	financing	to	the	holders	to	allow	them	to	finance	their purchases	of	Class	A	units.	During	2022,	the	majority	of	employees	refinanced	their	initial	bridge	loans	through	third-party banks.	Under	this	arrangement,	employees	and	partners	pledged	their	holdings	of	Class	A	units	as	collateral	and	directed	the

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

funds	received	from	third-party	banks	towards	the	settlement	of	their	initial	bridge	loans	from	CI,	which	CI	treated	as	an extinguishment.	The	performance	on	these	loans	were	fully	guaranteed	by	CI	and	require	CI	to	make	payments	to	the	banks based	on	employees'	failure	to	pay	when	due.	As	such,	CI	is	exposed	to	borrowers'	credit	risk	under	the	loans	held	by	thirdparty	banks.	Refer	to	Note	8	for	additional	information.

Under	the	guarantee	arrangement,	in	certain	cases	CI	continues	servicing	the	loans	for	no	additional	fee	by	directing	a	portion of	employee	distributions	towards	the	settlement	of	principal	and	interest	under	the	loans.	In	addition,	CI		has	the	option	to purchase	the	loans	from	third-party	banks	at	any	time.	This	option	is	not	considered	a	derivative.

CI	recognized	a	separate	liability	under	the	financial	guarantee	arrangement	and	initially	measured	and	recorded	the	value	of the	guarantee	at	its	fair	value	of	$10,819.	The	fair	value	of	the	guarantee	liability	at	initial	recognition	was	determined	based on	the	reduction	in	rates	provided	to	the	borrowers	by	the	third-party	banks.	The	initial	fair	value	of	the	guarantee	is	being amortized	over	7-10	years	using	a	straight-line	amortization	method.

CI's	maximum	exposure	to	loss	from	the	guarantee	is	equal	to	the	value	of	the	outstanding	loan	(principal,	unpaid	interest	and any	enforcements	costs)	less	any	amounts	collectible	from	the	borrower	under	CI's	recourse	rights.	As	of	December	31,	2022 CI	determined	the	risk	of	default	under	the	guarantees	provided	to	be	negligible	and	has	not	recorded	a	material	provision	for expected	credit	losses.

In	addition,	CI	has	agreed	to	guarantee	up	to	$50,000	of	Assante	advisor	loans	granted	by	the	Bank	of	Nova	Scotia	for	the purpose	of	purchasing	advisor	practices.

## INDEMNITIES

CI	has	agreed	to	indemnify	its	directors	and	officers,	and	certain	of	its	employees	in	accordance	with	its	by-laws.	CI	maintains insurance	policies	that	may	provide	coverage	against	certain	claims.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## 17.	SEGMENTED	INFORMATION

Effective	 January	 1,	 2022,	 CI	 has	 changed	 its	 reporting	 to	 three	 reportable	 segments:	 Asset	 Management,	 Canada	 Wealth Management	and	U.S.	Wealth	Management.	Previously,	Canada	Wealth	Management	and	U.S.	Wealth	Management	were combined	 in	 a	 single	 segment.	 This	 change	 was	 a	 result	 of	 the	 establishment	 of	 CI	 US	 and	 CIPW	 and	 a	 change	 in	 how management	evaluates	CI's	business	and	allocates	resources.		Prior	period	amounts	have	been	restated	to	conform	to	the new	segment	disclosures	for	comparative	purposes.

- The	Asset	Management	segment	includes	the	results	of	our	asset	management	business	in	Canada,	which	operates under	the	brand	CI	Global	Asset	Management	in	addition	to	our	asset	management	business	in	Australia.
- The	 Canada	 Wealth	 Management	 segment	 includes	 the	 results	 of	 our	 wealth	 management	 operations	 in	 Canada which	operate	under	the	brands	Assante	Wealth	Management,	CI	Private	Counsel,	CI	Investment	Services,	CI	Direct Investing,	Aligned	Capital	and	Northwood.
- The	 U.S.	 Wealth	 Management	 segment	 comprises	 27	 wealth	 management	 businesses,	 which	 operate	 under	 the brand	CI	Private	Wealth	in	addition	to	3	strategic	investments	in	alternative	platforms.

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

Segmented	information	as	at	and	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022	is	as	follows:

| Asset  Management  Canada  Wealth  Management  U.S.	Wealth  Management  Intersegment  eliminations  and	non-  segmented  items  Total  $  $  $  $  $  Asset	management	fees  1,624,666  -  -  (17,866)  1,606,800  Trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions  (526,499)  -  -  32,019  (494,480)  Net	asset	management	fees  1,098,167  -  -  14,153  1,112,320  Canada	wealth	management	fees  -  709,790  -  (179,108)  530,682  U.S.	wealth	management	fees  -  -  687,607  -  687,607  Other	revenue  25,947  93,099  16,395  (39,707)  95,734  Foreign	exchange	gain	(losses)  (80,246)  147  (33)  -  (80,132)  Other	gain	(losses)  (11,907)  -  3  -  (11,904)  Total	net	revenues  1,031,961  803,036  703,972  (204,662)  2,334,307  Selling,	general	and	administrative  387,060  175,054  518,468  (60,533)  1,020,049  Advisor	and	dealer	fees  -  550,166  -  (144,128)  406,038  Interest	and	lease	finance  3,952  117  2,548  145,470  152,087  Amortization	and	depreciation  19,618  11,688  18,062  -  49,368  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  2,437  7,820  95,487  -  105,744  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal	settlements  15,002  1,673  46,068  -  62,743  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  4,925  651  21,851  -  27,427  Other	expenses  7,139  24,738  2,770  -  34,647  Total	expenses  440,133  771,907  705,254  (59,191)  1,858,103  Income	(loss)	before	income	taxes  591,828  31,129  (1,282)  (145,471)  476,204  Provision	for	income	taxes  174,375  Net	income	for	the	year  301,829  Indefinite-life	intangibles  Goodwill  1,312,559  358,670  2,396,660  -	 	 4,067,889  Fund	contracts  1,774,174  -  25,546  -	 	 1,799,720  Total	indefinite-life	intangibles  3,086,733  358,670  2,422,206  -	 	 5,867,609   |
|---|

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

## December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

Segmented	information	as	at	and	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021	is	as	follows:

| Asset  Management  Canada  Wealth  Management  U.S.	Wealth  Management  Intersegment  eliminations  and	non-  segmented  items  Total  $  $  $  $  $  Asset	management	fees  1,809,967  -  -  (17,864)  1,792,103  Trailer	fees	and	deferred	sales	commissions  (592,350)  -  -  34,916  (557,434)  Net	asset	management	fees  1,217,617  -  -  17,052  1,234,669  Canada	wealth	management	fees  -  696,986  -  (190,193)  506,793  U.S.	wealth	management	fees  -  -  345,042  -  345,042  Other	revenue  56,122  58,615  5,457  (37,069)  83,125  Foreign	exchange	gains	(losses)  (11,010)  3,410  (11,176)  -  (18,776)  Other	gains	(losses)  18,905  (113)  (62)  -  18,730  Total	net	revenues  1,281,634  758,898  339,261  (210,210)  2,169,583  Selling,	general	and	administrative  425,991  148,048  223,754  (55,471)  742,322  Advisor	and	dealer	fees  -  551,450  -  (154,738)  396,712  Interest	and	lease	finance  2,198  484  1,132  105,856  109,670  Amortization	and	depreciation  23,076  9,651  8,246  -  40,973  Amortization	of	intangible	assets	from	acquisitions  2,307  5,503  48,038  -  55,848  Transaction,	integration,	restructuring	and	legal	settlements  25,575  781  9,586  -  35,942  Change	in	fair	value	of	contingent	consideration  26,198  -  123,707  -  149,905  Other	expenses  1,658  14,816  10,651  24,920  52,045  Total	expenses  507,003  730,733  425,114  (79,433)  1,583,417  Income	(loss)	before	income	taxes  774,631  28,165  (85,853)  (130,777)  586,166  Provision	for	income	taxes  173,792  Net	income	for	the	year  412,374  Indefinite-life	intangibles  Goodwill  1,312,543  308,553  1,634,845  -  3,255,941  Fund	contracts  1,774,050  -  28,617  -  1,802,667  Total	indefinite-life	intangibles  3,086,593  308,553  1,663,462  -  5,058,608   |
|---|

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## Geographic	segment	information:

| 2022  2021  Revenue	from	external	customers  $  $  Canada  2,073,029  2,330,892  United	States  715,811  338,722  Australia  39,947  57,403  Total  2,828,787  2,727,017   |
|---|

| As	at  As	at  December	31,	2022  December	31,	2021  Non-current	assets  $  $  Canada  3,689,906  3,669,613  United	States  4,078,262  3,039,774  Australia  106,757  111,069  Hong	Kong  3  71  Total  7,874,928  6,820,527   |
|---|

## 18.	COMPENSATION	OF	KEY	MANAGEMENT

The	remuneration	of	directors	and	other	key	management	personnel	of	CI	during	the	years	ended	December	31	is	as	follows:

| 2022  2021  $  $  Cash	compensation  9,946  11,707  Equity-based	compensation  10,210  9,072  Total  20,156  20,779   |
|---|

## 19.	AMORTIZATION	AND	DEPRECIATION

The	following	table	provides	details	of	amortization	and	depreciation:

| 2022  2021  $  $  Depreciation	of	capital	assets  12,501  13,212  Depreciation	of	right-of-use	assets  22,022  14,756  Amortization	of	intangibles  118,724  66,137  Amortization	of	debenture	transaction	costs  1,865  2,716  Total	amortization	and	depreciation  155,112  96,821   |
|---|

## NOTES	TO	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS

December	31,	2022	and	2021 · [in	thousands	of	Canadian	dollars,	except	per	share	amounts]

## 20.	CHANGE	IN	FUNCTIONAL	CURRENCY

Effective	January	1,	2022,	the	functional	currency	of	all	companies	within	the	U.S.	Wealth	management	segment	is	now	the U.S.	dollar.	Prior	to	this	date,	the	functional	currency	of	the	parent	company	owning	the	U.S.	RIA's	was	considered	to	be	the Canadian	dollar.	Due	to	the	recent	reorganization	and	formation	of	CI	US	and	CIPW,	the	operations	are	considered	distinct and	independent	of	the	Canadian	business.	The	foreign	currency	translation	previously	recorded	in	the	interim	condensed consolidated	 statement	 of	 income	 will	 now	 be	 recorded	 in	 the	 interim	 condensed	 consolidated	 statement	 of	 other comprehensive	income.

## 21.	COMPARATIVE	FIGURES

Effective	January	1,	2022,	CI	has	changed	the	presentation	of	the	statement	of	income	and	comprehensive	income	to	provide users	 of	 the	 financial	 statements	 more	 information	 to	 analyze	 CI's	 revenue	 and	 expenses.	 These	 changes	 were	 applied retrospectively	to	the	prior	period.

<!-- image -->

This Report contains forward-looking statements with respect to CI, including its business operations and strategy and financial performance and condition. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause results to differ materially include, among other things, general economic and market factors, including interest rates, business competition, changes in government regulations or in tax laws, and other factors discussed in materials filed with applicable securities regulatory authorities from time to time. 21-05-322601\_E (05/21)

31

<!-- image -->

This Report contains forward-looking statements with respect to CI, including its business operations and strategy and financial performance and condition. Although management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause results to differ materially include, among other things, general economic and market factors, including interest rates, business competition, changes in government regulations or in tax laws, and other factors discussed in materials filed with applicable securities regulatory authorities from time to time.