## A SHARED DRIVE FOR BETTER -

Community. Planet. Workday.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## FY'22 HIGHLIGHTS

## Awards and Recognition

<!-- image -->

## Completed

organizational accounting of our North American greenhouse gas emissions

44.2%

<!-- image -->

of our employee-partners are self-reported minorities

## Launched

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Lowered our total recordable

1.61 incident rate to 1.61

<!-- image -->

Developed

a new internal Environmental, Social, and Governance management structure

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

-7.9%

Reduced our energy consumption intensity by 7.9% from FY'21

<!-- image -->

-7.5%

Lowered our emissions intensity by 7.5% from FY'21

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Forward-Looking Statements

This Cintas Corporation 2022 Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Report contains forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forwardlooking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as 'estimates,' 'anticipates,' 'predicts,' 'projects,' 'plans,' 'expects,' 'intends,' 'goal,' 'target,' 'forecast,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'ambition,' 'could,' 'should,' 'may,' and 'will,' or the negative versions thereof and similar words, terms, and expressions and by the context in which they are used. Such statements include, but are not limited to, the goals, targets, and commitments presented in this ESG Report, are based upon current expectations, estimates, and projections of Cintas, and speak only as of the date made.

You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, potentially inaccurate assumptions, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in or implied by this ESG Report. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, our ability to successfully meet our environmental and social goals, targets, and commitments presented in this ESG Report within the expected timeframe, or at all, including our Net Zero greenhouse gas (GHG) goal, due to a number of risks and uncertainties, such as: changes in laws, regulations, prevailing standards, or public policy; the alignment of the scientific community on measurement and reporting approaches; the evolution of technology; the complexity of commodity supply chains and adoption of supply chain traceability practices and tools; the quality of recycling and waste management infrastructure in local markets; the volatility of markets for recycled materials; the capital and operating cost of implementing recycling and waste management technologies; and the risks, uncertainties, and other matters included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2022 and in our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K that we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Cintas undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements or to otherwise update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or to reflect events, circumstances, or any other unanticipated developments arising after the date on which such statements are made, except otherwise as required by law. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties presently not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also harm our business. Investors should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized.

The company goals presented in this ESG Report are aspirational and not guarantees or promises that such goals will be met. Statistics and metrics related to ESG matters are estimates and may be based on standards and practices for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change. Accordingly, such historical, current, and forward-looking statistics and metrics may be subject to modifications in future reports due to such developing standards, practices and controls, and processes.

This ESG Report does not cover all information about our business. Inclusion of ESG-related or other information in this ESG Report, including the use of the term 'materiality' or similar terms, should not be construed as a characterization regarding the materiality of such information to our business or financial results or as stating that such information is necessarily material to investors or other stakeholders for purposes of U.S. federal securities laws.

Readers should not place undue reliance on the information set forth in this ESG Report.

<!-- image -->

## WELCOME

Our 2022 Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Report shares stories and updates from our ongoing ESG Journey - including our performance, successes, and opportunities.

In this ESG Report you will find an expanded depth and breadth to our reporting. The report also incorporates new data and information relating to:

- Climate: Emissions and Energy
-  Water Stewardship
- Chemical Use and Safety
- Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion
- Safety and Health
-  Employee-Partner Development
- Product/Service Safety, Quality, and Impacts

The core values of ESG have been Central to Cintas since our origins. But we are excited to continue our formal journey and we are excited to see where the future takes us.

## CONTENTS

## ABOUT CINTAS

- 4 About This Report
- 5 This Is Cintas
- 6 ESG Is Part of Who We Are
- 7 A More Holistic Look at Cintas
- 7 Awards, Honors, and Achievements
- 8 COVID-19 Drives Cintas' Business Evolution

## OUR ESG JOURNEY

- 10 A Message from Our CEO
- 11 A Message from Our Vice President of ESG and Chief Compliance Officer
- 12 2022: Our Environmental Year in Review
- 13 Our Path to Net Zero
- 14 SPOTLIGHT: EV Pilot Hits the Road
- 15 Stakeholder Engagement
- 16 Impact Priorities
- 17 Our Market Advantage: Sustainable Products and Services
- 18 CORNERSTONE : The Spirit Is the Difference
- 20 CORNERSTONE : Operational Excellence and Reliability

## ENVIRONMENT

- 24 Overview and Approach
- 26 Climate, Emissions, and Energy
- 28 SPOTLIGHT: SmartTruck Routing Cintas into the Future
- 29 Emissions Performance
- 30 Emissions Data
- 31 Energy Performance
- 32 Energy Data
- 33 SPOTLIGHT: Facility-Focused Energy Reductions
- 34 Water Stewardship
- 38 Water Data
- 39 SPOTLIGHT: Pursuing Greater Water Reuse
- 40 Chemical Safety
- 41 Waste
- 42 SPOTLIGHT: Zero Waste Project
- 43 SPOTLIGHT: Technology's Role Managing Waste Materials
- 44 Materials
- 46 SPOTLIGHT: Reducing, Reusing, Recycling, and Repurposing Our Textiles

## SOCIAL

- 48 Overview and Approach
- 49 Our People
- 51 Human Rights
- 53 Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion
- 55 Workforce Data
- 56 Talent Recruitment and Retention
- 58 Workforce Recruitment and Retention Data
- 59 Compensation and Benefits
- 63 Performance and Advancement
- 65 Training and Development
- 68 SPOTLIGHT : PBRGs: Supporting Partner Development
- 69 Employee-Partner Engagement
- 70 Safety and Health
- 74 SPOTLIGHT: Ergo Excellence
- 75 Global Supply Chain and Supplier Relations
- 77 Supplier Diversity
- 78 Community Impact and Philanthropy
- 82 SPOTLIGHT: Cintas Partner Assistance Fund
- 83 Impacts of Our Products and Services

## GOVERNANCE

- 85 Overview and Approach
- 86 ESG Governance and Oversight
- 88 Ethics and Integrity
- 90 Tax Policy
- 91 Public Policy and Advocacy
- 93 Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
- 94 Regulatory Compliance
- 95 SPOTLIGHT: First Aid &amp; Safety Product Regulation

## APPENDIX

- 97 Citations, References, and Annotations
- 98 Notes and Methodologies
- 99 GRI Index
- 108 SASB Index
- 111 UN Sustainable Development Goals

<!-- image -->

## ABOUT THIS REPORT

The 2022 Cintas ESG Report provides information about our ESG performance on an annual, fiscal-year basis. Unless otherwise noted, data and information encompass the company's fiscal year (FY) 2022 (FY'22), which ran from June 1, 2021, through May 31, 2022.

Information in this report was current as of its date of initial publication on January 18, 2023. Cintas is not obligated to update the 2022 ESG Report after its initial release but reserves the right to make edits if necessary. Any revisions will be reflected in an updated digital version of the report, published on cintas.com/esg.

In addition to the report details listed below, the following sections provide further information about data and calculations referenced in this report and are detailed in the Appendix: Citations, References, and Annotations; and Reporting Notes and Methodologies.

## FRAMEWORKS AND DISCLOSURES

The report has been prepared with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards released in 2021. See the Appendix for a full list of relevant GRI disclosures.

This report also includes disclosures for the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)'s Professional &amp; Commercial Services industry. This year, we have supplemented this framework with selected disclosures from the Road Transportation framework and the Apparel, Accessories &amp; Footwear framework to provide deeper insight into our business activities. See the Appendix for a full listing of the selected SASB disclosures.

We have also provided a breakdown of how our operations align with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). An update on our contributions to, and progress toward, selected UN SDG goals is available in the Appendix.

Additional information is included to meet the needs of other parties, including ESG-focused investment and advisory services, and other ESG rater and ranking agencies.

## DATA SCOPE

This report generally covers the ESG performance of Cintas' wholly owned operations located in the United States and Canada, collectively referred to as Cintas in this report.

Data is reported on a fiscal-year basis. Our baseline year remains FY'19 - June 1, 2018, through May 31, 2019 which represents the first complete fiscal year following the full integration of G&amp;K Services, which we acquired during FY'17.

Our references to employee-partners 1  represent all of our full-time and part-time workers in the United States and Canada, unless otherwise noted.

All financial references and related data are reported in U.S. dollars. We have provided endnotes, defined specific terms used in this report, and annotated additional references and reporting methodologies in the Appendix.

## DATA UPDATES

Our data sets disclosed in this report expand on our previous effort. 2  Our emissions and energy data sets now encompass Cintas' full U.S. and Canada operations. These include business locations, distribution centers, and corporate facilities in operation during the reporting periods. This year our fleet data includes our commercial fleet vehicles in both the United States and Canada.

This report also includes significant updates to our environmental data as a result of our ongoing organizational review and baselining initiative. Our water data has also been expanded to include all Rental processing operations in the United States and Canada.

Further, our previously reported FY'19 emissions, energy and water baselines, and our FY'20 and FY'21 performance data have been updated and restated to reflect the expanded scopes of disclosure. Due to the use of number rounding within this report, some data points may not add to the totals shared.

We worked with a third-party consultant to help us identify our enterprise carbon use and to collect and analyze our available emissions and energy data. In any instance when location utility information was not available, a science-based, algorithmic model was used to best approximate and complete the data set. 3

Our environmental performance has demonstrated continued intensity improvements since our FY'19 base year. However, the COVID-19 pandemic's full effect on our performance and data cannot be completely isolated from other efficiency and process improvements that contributed to performance gains. 4

## More Information and Contact Us

Find all Cintas SEC filings and more through our website, including:

- 2022 Proxy Statement
- FY'22 Cintas Form 10-K
- Cintas Investor Relations
- ESG at Cintas
-  Past ESG Reports

For more information about Cintas' 2022 ESG Report, please contact us at ESG@cintas.com.

<!-- image -->

## THIS IS CINTAS

Cintas Corporation helps more than 1 million businesses of all types and sizes get Ready for the Workday ® with confidence. Our products and services help keep our customers' facilities and employees clean, safe, and looking their best. We do so by operating with a sustainable business model. We strive to minimize the aggregate environmental impact of our products and services, promote sustainability and a common respect, and manage our business in a responsible, ethical way.

Approximately 43,000 employee-partners service our customers through our four business units: Rental

(including Uniform Rental and Facility Services), First Aid &amp; Safety, Fire Protection, and Design Collective (also referred to as our Uniform Direct Sale business). Customers range from small 'Main Street' businesses to major corporations throughout North America that employ tens of thousands of people. With such a diverse customer base, no single customer accounts for more than 1% of our total revenue.

We provide a host of products and services to help businesses open their doors with confidence. Our company portfolio includes a range of environmentally and socially focused products that promote a cleaner environment, an ethical supply chain, and the safety and health of the communities we serve.

## FY'22 IN NUMBERS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

~43,000 employee-partners

<!-- image -->

+1M customers

<!-- image -->

462 operational facilities

These include programs that provide customers with:

-  Workwear and apparel
-  Mats
-  Mops
-  Towels
- Environmentally friendly restroom and cleaning supplies
- First aid and safety products
- Stocked workplace first aid cabinets
- Automated external defibrillators (AEDs)
-  Emergency eyewash stations
- Workplace hydration offerings
- Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and first aid certification training
- Safety and industry compliance training
- Fire extinguishers
- Sprinkler systems
- Alarm services

Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, Cintas common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CTAS. Cintas is a component of both the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 Index and the Nasdaq-100 Index. The company has been ranked on the last five editions of the Fortune 500 list, making every list since 2018.

For more information, visit cintas.com, or follow us on our corporate social media accounts on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and TikTok.

<!-- image -->

## ESG IS PART OF WHO WE ARE

ESG concepts have been engrained in our company since its very beginnings.

The origins of our family business date back to 1929 and the Great Depression, when Doc and Amelia Farmer collected dirty, discarded shop rags from Cincinnati-area businesses' trash. They took these home to be washed, then resold them to the same businesses. They created a local circular economy for the area - and set the foundations of the spirit of ingenuity Cintas has become known for.

The modern-day Cintas evolved in 1968 when Richard 'Dick' Farmer's new uniform rental programs launched. The programs utilized an exclusive new fabric that extended the life of work uniforms, and cleaned them in more efficient processes than families could at home. On top of the customer-centric service model he developed, Dick's uniform rental concept anchored the company's growth over the next 15 years, and he took the company public in 1983.

Our next CEOs, Bob Kohlhepp and Scott Farmer, continued the company's expansion into fields that provided critical support to the communities we serve. This further developed Cintas' sustainable business model, first conceptualized by Doc and Amelia all those years ago. The model runs on beliefs and principles articulated by Dick in his book, The Spirit Is The

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Difference - a handbook describing how we run our business.

Over time, Dick's central themes of collaboration and common respect - for both our people and the world around us - have led to:

-  Fantastic employee-partner engagement,
- Great retention rates,
- A world-class safety program, and
-  A widely respected management philosophy.

Today, sustainability - including environmental consciousness, diversity, equity, inclusivity, and community - is engrained in our Corporate Culture on a much larger scale.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## A MORE HOLISTIC LOOK AT CINTAS

ESG principles are engrained in our past, integral to our present, and destined to drive our business in the future. At Cintas, we:

- Focus on maximizing value for our key stakeholders
- Foster and preserve a defined culture centered on respect and continual improvement
- Operate our company by a set of defined management principles

These principles are intricately woven into Cintas' history, systems, and management structure. They're why we are proud to state that ESG is Central to Cintas.

We focus on doing what's right and doing it better. But more than that, we work tirelessly to ensure everything we do is in response to customers' current needs while proactively catering to evolving and future needs.

Our business provides the consistency, flexibility, and speed to accommodate customers as issues or concerns arise, keeping them always Ready for the Workday ® , no matter what. And our dedication to positive discontent means we always work together to strive to be better than we are now and commit ourselves to ever greater impact.

## REFRESHING OUR BRAND

Recently we have begun to shift our focus more to why we do what we do, not just how we do it. As a result, in 2022, we worked to refresh our brand platform to help better detail the holistic value we provide for our customers. The strengthened platform builds on the momentum and equity we have created to help us shape the future of the workday.

The updated platform helps us better convey that businesses can count on us to create value in ways we believe are better for the environment, our people, and our collective futures.

<!-- image -->

## AWARDS, HONORS, AND ACHIEVEMENTS

Cintas and its employee-partners strive to operate our business in a manner that inspires respect. This model is intrinsically linked to the concepts of sustainability, value, innovation, and partnership.

In FY'22, we were honored with recognitions that reinforce our commitments to operate our business for our customers and the communities in a sustainable, ethical, and meaningful way.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## COVID-19 DRIVES CINTAS' BUSINESS EVOLUTION

Cintas is committed to the safety, well-being, and care of our customers. At the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, company leaders at our corporate headquarters and local facilities around North America helped our customers remain open, while maintaining a safe environment for their employees and customers.

Throughout the pandemic, we have worked diligently to provide customers with the health and safety products and services needed to remain open for business, especially those in essential service industries. Cintas' structure and agility buoyed our pivot to meet these needs and demands almost immediately, supporting our customers' operations during those uncertain, trying times.

## First Aid &amp; Safety Division

Our First Aid &amp; Safety division leveraged our vast global supply chain to secure ample supplies of health and safety products for customers. These include personal protective equipment (PPE) like face masks, shields, and Nitrile gloves, hand sanitizer, touchless dispensers, and essential cleaning supplies.

## Rental Division

We implemented a third-party audit process in our Rental division to certify that our plants use a hygienically clean process to launder garments and bulk items for healthcare, food service, and hospitality use.

## EVOLVING OUR STRATEGY

In response to evolving customer needs alongside health and safety concerns, we have continued to leverage our culture of innovation and positive discontent to keep pushing ourselves - and our business - forward.

We introduced the Cintas Total Clean Program™ to support our customers' commitment to cleanliness and provide scheduled deliveries of essential cleaning supplies and hygienically cleaned laundering.

To support key sectors like healthcare and technology, we've introduced products and services including washable, reusable isolation gowns and in-facility garment dispensers. These have helped our customers conduct their business in safer, cleaner environments.

Another important benefit Cintas has provided its customers is consistency. Cintas customers have received consistent service visits, and our employeepartners have helped perform services and deliver products that ease the duties of our customers and their employees.

We expect COVID-19 will have a lasting impact on society. Innovations launched at the height of the pandemic will continue to play an important role for our customers, but so will our renewed focus on our business's flexibility and agility. We will continue to challenge our product development teams and other innovators so we're even better informed - and Ready™ - to support our customers when their next need becomes reality.

## COVID-19 ACCELERATES HYGIENIC CERTIFICATION

In the early stages of the pandemic, much about COVID-19 was unknown. At the time, there was concern about the virus's viability on various surfaces, including clothing, garments, and fabrics.

To help provide added confidence to our customers and their employees, we expanded an independent, third-party audit process in our Rental division by Hohenstein Group, the international leader in testing, certification, and research in the textile industry. For each Rental location audited, the inspection includes a 74 lineitem assessment of the entire facility, including:

- Evaluation of the disinfection efficiency of laundry chemicals
- Assurance of quarterly textile testing
- Analysis of 11 critical sample points throughout the plant to ensure that 99.99999% of bacteria is removed during the laundering process

In the United States and Canada, 311 Rental processing and branch locations that process garments, apparel, and service textiles had their cleaning processes audited for certification of hygiene control management. When certified, these locations met standards for hygienic cleaning for healthcare, food processing, and hospitality items.

This audit helps provide our customers with added assurance that our laundry processes are consistent throughout our company, and assists our customers with the audit requirements required by their respective industries.

<!-- image -->

## OUR ESG JOURNEY

<!-- image -->

- 10 A Message from Our CEO
- 11 A Message from Our Vice President of ESG and Chief Compliance Officer
- 12 2022: Our Environmental Year in Review
- 13 Our Path to Net Zero
- 14 SPOTLIGHT: EV Pilot Hits the Road
- 15 Stakeholder Engagement
- 16 Impact Priorities
- 17 Our Market Advantage: Sustainable Products and Services
- 18 CORNERSTONE: The Spirit Is the Difference
- 20 CORNERSTONE: Operational Excellence and Reliability

<!-- image -->

## A MESSAGE FROM OUR CEO

Our Corporate Culture is one of the main elements that make Cintas - and our people - so special. It's foundational to our success, provides purpose for our work, and prioritizes our people, our customers, and our shareholders. The commitment of our entire company to our ESG Journey - from leaders to the frontline - is why we're excited about how far we have come and eager to see how our ESG strategy develops in the coming years. It' s also a key reason we're confident in our collective ability to pursue initiatives that advance our ESG Journey.

Our employee-partners have embraced an important component of our culture: positive discontent. We're not satisfied with the status quo, and we're always searching for new ways to improve our business, better our processes, and further support our customers and the communities we serve. As we continue our ESG Journey, we need to not only maintain but also hasten our conviction to evaluate every aspect of our business, including every input and output. We believe even greater things are ahead for us.

We've begun expressing Cintas' ambitions in this space as 'A Shared Drive for Better.' With ESG priorities helping influence our strategic decisions, we have the opportunity to contribute to a better tomorrow for us all: Cintas, our employee-partners, our customers, our suppliers, our communities, and the planet.

Rallying around a vision of a better tomorrow has been important this year. While we have a history of identifying and operationalizing opportunities that make Cintas more efficient, now, with ESG helping influence our decisionmaking, our PACE Team has started identifying further ways to improve our business. We continue to review the team's recommendations and expedite the most impactful solutions that current technology can support.

We've placed a heavy emphasis on technology's integration and influence on our business. It' s helped us to create tremendous efficiencies and to improve our customers', shareholders', and employee-partners' experiences, as well as those of others in our value chain. We anticipate innovation and advances in technology will continue to be important, especially as we identify opportunities to pursue sustainable programs and processes throughout our business. We believe it' s important that Cintas helps drive innovation for our industry, and we have prioritized working with our suppliers to identify more sustainable solutions.

As we move forward in our ESG Journey, we will continue to build on our company's sustainable business model and maintain our core focuses on our people, our customers, our shareholders, and our communities to grow our company and create lasting impact. T o do so, we will continue to rely on our respected management system, which is rooted in ethics, integrity, compliance, and simply doing what' s right.

We expect a heightened focus on sustainability - for the planet, for our people, and for our company - will be important as environmental, social, and governance issues gain greater awareness and attention from different groups. We believe Cintas, like other corporations, should consider and undertake initiatives that support a better tomorrow for us all.

We're proud of the work we've done to advance our ESG ambitions. This work has created better outcomes for us all, and we know our continued attention to affecting more sustainable solutions is critical for our continued success. And we believe gaining our stakeholders' commitments to 'A Shared Drive for Better' will be important to our company for years to come.

Thank you for your continued support, and for joining us on our ESG Journey.

<!-- image -->

Todd Schneider President and CEO

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## A MESSAGE FROM OUR VICE PRESIDENT OF ESG AND CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER

At Cintas, we are driven to help sustain the world we live in, to build on our culture of respect and inclusion, and to hold ourselves accountable with world-class business practices. This approach permeates everything we do as a company. We encourage our employeepartners to critically examine all our operations and to challenge how we think about the future of Cintas. We know we must collaborate and innovate to bring about a cleaner, more sustainable, safer, and more inclusive workplace. We must also celebrate our progress along the way.

This approach to our business and our drive for a better tomorrow underlie the significant progress we have made on our ESG Journey in the last year. We have built a new governance structure to support our ESG efforts and we expect our partners to continue to drive progress through our programs designed to uncover efficiencies in our existing process. This will only help us further drive down our emissions and water intensities.

We have also continued to make strides in our safety journey, lowering our total recordable incident rate to 1.61 and increasing the number of locations awarded Star Certification under OSHA's Voluntary Protection Program to 127. We have also launched two new resource groups: IMPACT for our LGBTQ+ employeepartners and allies, and LEAD for our Asian and Pacific Islander community.

As highlighted throughout this report, Cintas is a company built on sustainability. We offer solutions that are inherently more efficient - in raw material usage, energy, water, and waste - than the alternatives. But we still strive to do better and to develop business processes that are even more efficient. As we proceed into the future, we will continue to evaluate ways to reduce our impact on the environment.

As we advance in these areas, we will also continue to enhance the experiences of our employee-partners and continue to develop new products and services for our customers that will help them on their own ESG journeys. Guided by our principles, we are working together to provide businesses with the sustainable products, services, and solutions they need for a better workday, to support our partners and the communities we serve, and to build a better future.

This has been an incredibly rewarding and fulfilling year. With even more progress ahead of us, I'm excited to be leading such an important organizational pursuit.

<!-- image -->

Christy Nageleisen VP of ESG and Chief Compliance Officer

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 2022: OUR ENVIRONMENTAL YEAR IN REVIEW

Cintas has been on a journey driven by our desire to be a socially and environmentally responsible company for many years. In early FY'22, Cintas announced its ambition to achieve Net Zero GHG emissions by 2050. Since then, and throughout the 2022 calendar year, we've been hard at work building an enterprise-wide environmental impact strategy.

## SPOTLIGHT

Historically, our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint in our production facilities grew from our positive discontent and the implementation of more efficient practices throughout our operations. We have steadily reduced our impact on the environment simply by doing what we do best: challenging the status quo and pushing toward greater efficiencies.

<!-- image -->

## A SHARED DRIVE FOR BETTER

Introduced in 2021, our new Cintas ESG branding was developed to help raise awareness and interest about our ESG efforts, and to bring consistency and cohesion to our ESGrelated initiatives.

Using the theme ' A Shared Drive for Better ,' our ESG brand brings into focus the collective impact Cintas can make as we work together to create a more sustainable future for all.

Our ESG Vision articulates our ambitions in this area: Guided by our principles, we work together to provide businesses with the sustainable products, services, and solutions they need for a better workday, supporting our partners and the communities we serve, building a better future .

The brand's visual identity features a 'water leaf' in the logo with three distinct colors that are connected to our three ESG pillars. Using the water leaf as our logo helps to clearly impart the importance of the environment, and specifically water stewardship, in our ESG Journey.

We expect to do our part to help sustain the world we live in, build on our culture of respect, belonging, and inclusion, and hold ourselves accountable with world-class business practices. It' s our shared drive for better.

Throughout the 2022 calendar year, we:

-  Created and implemented an enterprise-wide ESG governance structure that brings together experience and perspective from across the organization
-  Developed and launched Cintas ESG branding and our ongoing ESG awareness and education campaign, A Shared Drive for Better
- Implemented an improved process of gathering and reporting annual ESG-related data
- Reconfirmed FY'19 as our base reporting year
- Expanded our emissions and energy reporting to provide a full accounting of our locations throughout the United States and Canada (including our Canadian facilities and fleet), as well as our nonprocessing Rental, First Aid &amp; Safety, Fire Protection, distribution, and corporate facilities
- Developed an accounting of our Scope 3 emissions using the Greenhouse Gas Protocol's standardized global framework
- Deployed the first group of cars in our electric vehicle pilot program
- Continued our LED lighting conversion project in our largest and newest facilities
- Began construction of our first solar installation at our Piscataway, New Jersey, location

<!-- image -->

## OUR PATH TO NET ZERO

In September 2021, Cintas announced its ambition to achieve Net Zero GHG emissions by 2050. When the company made this announcement, it didn't do so lightly. Cintas understood the decision meant a reimagined operational framework that would impact multiple generations of employeepartners - current and future.

Before we could identify our Path to Net Zero, we first needed to gain a better, more detailed understanding of our company's carbon footprint. We also needed to gain insight into how to best operationalize our Net Zero target - including setting goals and program components.

To achieve this, Cintas initiated an enterprise-wide operational evaluation to understand its emissions factors. This project helped us develop a more comprehensive understanding of our Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 emissions for the last four years - since our FY'19 base year.

## CINTAS' FY'22 EMISSIONS (MTCO2e)

<!-- image -->

## PROGRAM FOCUSES

We believe there are three key functional business areas we must address to remain on our Path to Net Zero.

<!-- image -->

## Fleet

Our commercial fleet of more than 14,000 vehicles generates significant Scope 1 emissions. Our ability to transition that fleet from carbon-sourced fuels to renewable and alternative fuels is critical to reducing these emissions.

-  We have begun a multipleyear pilot program to gain insights into electric vehicle (EV) performance in our route-based business model
- We plan to continue working with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to identify new opportunities to incorporate alternative-fuel vehicles in our fleet
- We fully installed our SmartTruck™ program in the Rental division fleet to gather data to optimize routes and our number of commercial vehicles

<!-- image -->

## Equipment, Locations, and Facilities

We are working with our production equipment manufacturers to identify new technologies that could lead to more efficient or alternative-fuelpowered equipment.

- We will continue our efforts to make our locations more efficient
- Our attention is shifting to maintaining our reliability while incorporating greater environmental efficiencies in our equipment through the adoption of Operational Excellence initiatives
-  We plan to explore how more standardized facility and location building considerations, like LED lighting, can help further reduce our energy use

<!-- image -->

## Supply Chain

More than 60% of our carbon footprint comes from our supply chain.

- We want to create meaningful opportunities to support our vendors' sustainability journeys and efforts to reduce their own carbon footprints
-  We plan to implement broader monitoring and tracking programs and identify a strategy that supports our global vendors to meet the need to lower global emissions

<!-- image -->

## SPOTLIGHT

## EV PILOT HITS THE ROAD

Cintas operates one of the largest corporate fleets in North America, and this fleet is a significant source of our Scope 1 emissions. Our ability to remove fossil-fueled vehicles and introduce more alternativefuel units will be an important factor in our ability to reduce carbon emissions.

One of the ongoing initiatives identified in our Path to Net Zero is a refreshment of this fleet.

## EV PILOT LAUNCH AND DETAILS

In early 2022, we launched an EV pilot program. The pilot is scheduled to allow us time to:

- Evaluate EV performance, durability, and reliability in a variety of business, weather, and road conditions
- Work with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to identify opportunities, technologies, and use cases that can maximize EV utilization
- Experience vehicle options in real-world conditions, so we understand the expectations, benefits, and challenges of EVs in our business
- Gain a clear understanding of the total cost of EV ownership - including environmental and financial impacts

<!-- image -->

## HITTING THE ROAD

In FY'22, we deployed the first two EVs in our pilot program at one of our Los Angeles locations.

In total, as of the date of this publication, 16 EVs from multiple manufacturers have been deployed into service in various markets around the country: Cincinnati, OH; Detroit, MI; Los Angeles, CA; Minneapolis, MN; New York, NY; San Francisco, CA; San Jose, CA; and Seattle, WA.

By focusing our pilot on a limited number of diverse locations, we are optimizing both the training of employee-partners and our charging infrastructure.

As we transition into the 2023 calendar year, we have plans to obtain and deploy additional EVs around our business footprint. We are continuing to pursue grant funding opportunities to further support increased EV use and evaluation.

## WHAT'S AHEAD

We have a unique business, and our commercial fleet has unique use cases. We expect our fleet will continue to comprise a variety of different vehicle models, including different light-, medium-, and heavy-duty units to meet our business needs. As more options and technologies are developed by a growing number of OEMs entering the commercial EV and alternative-fuel markets, we anticipate our alternative-fuel pilot program will continue to grow in quantity and scope.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

## OUR PRINCIPAL OBJECTIVE

Our Principal Objective clearly identifies the three groups we consider our company's primary stakeholders:

-  Customers
-  Employee-partners
-  Shareholders

Each is equal at Cintas, and our Board of Directors formally adopted the Principal Objective as a foundation for our company's decision-making in 1979.

'We will exceed our customers' expectations to maximize the long-term value of Cintas for its shareholders and working partners.'

Cintas Principal Objective

<!-- image -->

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

In addition, we consider the feedback and opinions of a diverse group of stakeholders whose perspectives matter to us and our business. These engagement activities provide us with additional viewpoints from our value chain that help inform our business decisions.

We have dedicated avenues through which we engage with each of these groups. Cintas representatives interact with counterparts from these groups to respond to inquiries, provide proactive updates about our business, and solicit and receive feedback on specific topics and themes. In recent years, ESG themes have become more prominent discussion points in these interactions.

## OUR STAKEHOLDER GROUPS

## Employee-Partners

We continue to identify opportunities to educate and inform our employee-partners about ESG initiatives, so they understand their importance to our sustainable business model. We solicit their ideas about programming and initiatives and use the feedback to pursue additional opportunities.

## Customers

Our customers' expectations about sustainable products and services have been an important component of our ongoing ESG strategy development. We work together to support their sustainability goals and drive cooperative progress toward our respective priorities.

## Shareholders

Our shareholders are actively engaged in ESG-related topics, and many interactions include discussions about our strategy, initiatives, and ambitions in these areas. We work together to identify opportunities to share our efforts with other shareholder and financial organizations.

## Vendors

Our vendors are vital to our operations and help serve as stewards in our continued efforts to foster an ethical, sustainable supply chain as we progress along our Path to Net Zero.

## Local Communities

We are civically active in the communities we serve, and we strive to be respected for our broader contributions as an employer, community member, and partner.

## Philanthropic, Not-For-Profit, and Non-Governmental Organizations

These relationships allow us to give back in meaningful ways, and to learn from and network with other businesses, thought leaders, and community stewards.

## Government and Regulatory Bodies

We take an active role in understanding the prevailing priorities in the communities we serve and help to inform policy-makers about Cintas' economic and value propositions.

Over the last year, the ESG-focused perspectives and priorities shared by our stakeholders in our interactions helped us identify our Impact Priorities.

Our stakeholder engagement activities will continue to help us understand stakeholders' evolving priorities and interests as we refine and articulate our future strategy and policy decisions along our ESG Journey.

<!-- image -->

## IMPACT PRIORITIES

In 2022, we initiated a third-party assessment of our ESG priorities to help us better understand what topics matter most to our stakeholders.

The assessment used information and findings from a variety of sources to help determine our Impact Priorities, including considerations raised by employeepartners, customers, investors and shareholders, and vendors and suppliers. It was also informed by other external sources like Cintas' various ESG raters and rankers' questionnaires and surveys; external reports, whitepapers, and articles; regulatory bodies; and peer and cohort benchmarking.

The results of this assessment helped us identify our ESG Impact Priorities, which include:

## ENVIRONMENT

-  Reducing GHG emissions
-  Water stewardship
-  Reducing waste

Our three environmental Impact Priorities appear separate, but their impacts are intertwined within the context of our sustainable business model. By focusing on these three key issues, we can continue to identify further opportunities to build on our existing work and lessen our overall environmental impact.

## SOCIAL

- Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion
-  Employee-partner development
- Safety and Health
- Product and service safety, quality, and impacts

As we continue along our ESG Journey, we expect to identify and develop strategy, programming, and key initiatives to further support efforts relating to our Impact Priorities. Our initial focus on these issues will help us identify opportunities, create timebound goals, and monitor our progress.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## OUR MARKET ADVANTAGE: SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

## COMPANY INITIATIVES

-  Supplier compliance programs set expectations of our vendors' societal impact and monitor compliance with those expectations
-  New vehicle-routing program optimizes service routes, reducing mileage, fuel requirements, vehicle needs, and purchases
-  EV pilot program to evaluate performance, as well as increased and expanded deployment in our fleet

## FIRST AID &amp; SAFETY

-  Business line supports customers' health and wellness needs, including first aid stations
-  Products and services meet a broad range of workplace needs, including Skin Tone Bandages
- Offer certified training, including American Heart Association CPR and first aid certification, as well as AED use, eye wash station usage, and workplace safety topics
-    Waterbreak ®  service helps reduce or eliminate plastic bottle usage
-  Targeted recruiting and leadershipdevelopment programs expand and retain workforce diversity
-  Competitive compensation, employeepartner benefits, and retirement contribution programs
-  Support community and philanthropic organizations with programming, donations, and visibility

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## FIRE PROTECTION

-  Alarm and suppression systems provide lifesaving protection
-  Exit lighting systems support safe evacuation in case of emergencies
-  Extinguisher exchange program reduces need for new units
-  Programs to recycle sealed lead acid batteries from emergency and exit lights and aluminum, steel, and brass from old extinguisher units
-    Partnership with National Fallen Firefighters Foundation supports local fire-prevention training initiatives

<!-- image -->

## UNIFORM RENTAL

<!-- image -->

-  Maintain and recycle wearers' apparel to reduce customers' overall material requirements
- Wash chemistry utilizes U.S. Environmental Protection Agency award-winning suite of chemicals
- Significant water and energy efficiencies compared to traditional at-home laundry processes
-  Process improvements increase efficiency and reduce the number of wash loads

## DESIGN COLLECTIVE

<!-- image -->

-  More than 150 apparel styles made from sustainable materials, with more than 400,000 of these garment units currently in use
-  Offer a proprietary ComfortFLEX ® fabric made from recycled polyester
-  Our Regeneration Collection is made from recycled plastic bottles
- True Fit™ fitting sessions help with initial sizing accuracy and help reduce additional material needs for re-fits
-  Participate in Accelerating Circularity to explore expanded garment circular economies among major retailers and manufacturers

## FACILITY SERVICES

<!-- image -->

- Offer Green Seal-certified products
-  Provide Design for the Environment (DfE) chemicals
- Refillable dispensers and packagefree products
- Microfiber towels and other reusable items reduce the need for disposable products
-  Floor mat products made from 50% recycled content

## CLEAN ROOM

- ISO 9001-certified facilities provide specialized cleaning processes to support customers in the healthcare, pharmaceuticals, medical device, biotechnology, electronic, and specialized manufacturing industries
-  Cleaning process sterilizes contaminants from reusable products, including garments, coveralls, hoods, boots, goggles, and microfiber mops
-  Capabilities placed at centralized locations to best support customers requiring this service

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CORNERSTONE: THE SPIRIT IS THE DIFFERENCE

To best appreciate Cintas' approach to our interactions with the people and entities important to our business, it' s important to understand the foundation upon which we operate our business: our Corporate Culture.

Cintas' guiding principles are carefully outlined in The Spirit Is The Difference , a book based on the personal insights of our Founder, Richard 'Dick' Farmer. The publication is frequently referenced by executive leadership and management, and a printed copy is given to new employee-partners on their first day of work.

The Spirit Is The Difference explains how we continually strive to:

- Prioritize the company's long-term value
- Keep people involved and central to all our decisions
- Operate in an ethical, moral, and compliant manner

We often credit our ongoing success to our Corporate Culture. It's the cornerstone of our values, our behaviors, our way of working, and how we approach our business. It's central to creating and maintaining strong relationships. Our Corporate Culture is based upon three distinct elements, namely our:

- Principal Objective
-  Corporate Character
-  Management system

<!-- image -->

## IMPORTANCE OF PARTNERS

At Cintas, we don't refer to each other as employees, staff, or colleagues. Rather, we refer to each other as 'partners.'

The term partner describes the mutual trust and respect we have for each other, and the values and culture responsible for our accomplishments. Considering each other as partners in our collective success is crucial to how we operate, and it's the foundation of our Corporate Culture. It's what makes Cintas so unique and special.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## OUR CORPORATE CHARACTER

To truly understand how important Cintas considers people and the communities that we serve, we should look more deeply at the second element of our Corporate Culture: our corporate character.

Our Corporate Character defines the set of characteristics and behaviors we believe are incumbent on our employee-partners in our pursuit of our Principal Objective: 'We will exceed our customers' expectations to maximize the long-term value of Cintas for its shareholders and working partners.'

These characteristics guide our business considerations and decisions, and most especially, they provide employee-partners with a standard framework of how to conduct business on Cintas' behalf - no matter what their jobs entail, who they interact with, or where they're working.

In recent years, as societal perspectives on work have evolved, we believe our commitment to nurturing our Corporate Character is more important than ever.

Our Talent Acquisition strategy seeks to identify, recruit, and hire employee-partners whose careers and experiences exemplify these character traits and behaviors.

<!-- image -->

## THE CHARACTERISTICS

## Honesty and integrity in everything we do

We don't cheat each other, our customers, or our communities. We give honest answers and are accountable.

## High ethical and moral values

We don't want to do anything that could cause us to lose our objectivity or place us in a compromising position.

## Full compliance with all governmental laws and regulations

We comply with the laws and regulations that we face in our business.

## Thoroughness

If it' s worth doing, it deserves thorough attention, so it's done right.

## A spartan attitude to our business

We look at every cost very carefully and ask ourselves, 'If I were spending my own money, would I spend it on this?'

## Doing what's right, not what's expedient

We don't target short-term gains at the expense of long-term value. Instead, we focus on what's the right thing to do.

## Humility and respect for all employee-partners

We recognize the potential in every human being. We want every employee-partner to be confident and feel empowered to contribute to the team. Leaders don't have all the answers. Many times, the best solutions may come from those performing the work.

## Professional appearance

We believe outward appearances - of our people, our facilities, and our vehicles - say a lot about us and our company.

## Courtesy

As a service-focused business, we appreciate the opportunity to help others. We believe courtesy is contagious and politeness and good manners go a long way.

## Enthusiasm

Positive attitudes and optimism are musts in a fastpaced environment like ours, and they go a long way in cultivating success.

## Competitive urgency

We believe it's a simple, overriding necessity to exceed our customers' and fellow employeepartners' needs.

## Positive discontent

We're always seeking improvements to our processes, systems, products, and services. We're never satisfied with the status quo, or content to leave things as they are.

<!-- image -->

## CORNERSTONE: OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE AND RELIABILITY

At Cintas, our Corporate Culture underpins our ambition to be smarter and more efficient in everything we do. It motivates us to push ourselves to constantly evolve and be better.

We know that:

-  We can always improve on what we do and how we do things
-  We can always do more with what we have
- We can always identify process improvements that lead to greater efficiencies
- Specific corporate characteristics support our pursuit of initiatives that can make a sizable impact on our environmental footprint

Our spirit of positive discontent has been foundational in these efforts.

## OUR KEY PROGRAMS

Two programs - our Operational Excellence initiatives and our Reliability program - are key elements of our operation. Separate but integrated initiatives, they bring different departments together with the goals of helping Cintas to do more with less and of being more judicious with what we have.

While Operational Excellence programs support process improvements, our Reliability program supports mechanical and engineering efficiencies throughout our organization. While they are separate pursuits that originated through different needs, Operational Excellence and Reliability are equally important in driving efficiency gains and helping to improve our environmental performance. This is especially true in our Rental division's operations, which currently account for approximately 19% of our company's estimated GHG emissions and use the company's largest percentages of water and energy. 5

We anticipate ongoing results from our Operational Excellence and Reliability efforts will help us continue to lessen the environmental impact of our site operations.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Operational Excellence at Cintas

Operational Excellence is a core principle at Cintas.

Integrated, cross-collaborative teams move process improvement initiatives from concept to fruition. Our Quality and Engineering Team works together with our Black Belts, process specialists, and other groups to identify opportunities across our company that can generate improvements in both efficiency and costs. The collaborative effort results in what we call proprietary operational process improvements and is referenced under the banner of 'Operational Excellence.'

Operational Excellence initiatives help us increase efficiencies and realize gains by implementing process improvements that don't require substantial capital costs. Often, the minor changes that can arise from these improvements make dramatic impacts.

Technology has had a large role in helping reduce our water and energy needs, GHG emissions intensity, raw materials requirements, and waste. However, more effective processes - layered over improved technology and increased employee-partner training and accountability - have considerably reduced water withdrawals and energy use in our Rental processing plants.

Recent Operational Excellence efforts have had a significant impact on our resource requirements. A recent initiative to improve the wash-loading process led to a reduction in the number of wash cycles needed to launder the same volume of textiles. As a result of fewer wash loads, our wash process requires less energy, water, and wash chemistry to process the same amount of product.

## Redefining Reliability

Cintas' Reliability program centers on a four-part equation that supports equipment safety, product quality, process efficiencies, and environmental compliance. Together, they help extend the usable life of some of our most capital-intensive equipment.

These four parts of Reliability complement each other. When systems are working reliably, equipment is safer to operate and produces consistent-quality products. It also operates more efficiently. And when systems are operating efficiently, they require fewer utilities and inputs to work properly - meaning less water, less electricity, less steam, less compressed air, and less chemistry to perform the same tasks.

In recognition of our Reliability program, in 2021 our Quality and Engineering Team was recognized with the prestigious Uptime Award for Best Reliability Program the organization's top honor - at its International Maintenance Conference. This followed previous

Uptime accolades for Best Leadership for Reliability in 2019 and special recognition for Safety in Maintenance in 2017.

We're beginning to evolve our Reliability program to help us achieve alignment with our emissions targets along our Path to Net Zero.

We expect to focus additional attention on our equipment's efficiency improvements when possible. By placing increased attention on maintaining efficiency gains, we also hope to further increase the safety, quality, and environmental performance of our equipment and further minimize energy and water needs.

As technology is developed that will lead to the next - more environmentally efficient - generation of equipment, we hope our attention to reliability and efficiently maximizing and extending the useful life of our equipment continues to yield such gains.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## MONITORING EFFICIENCY EFFORTS

Before we formalized our Operational Excellence initiatives several years ago, Cintas exercised its efficiency initiatives through a quality lens. We knew the higher the quality of our processes, the more consistent our outcomes would be - which meant we were operating better and more efficiently. Our new team of partners the Operational Excellence Team - was first established late in FY'20 and formalized in FY'21 to define our process efficiency activities more accurately using an academic lens.

The onset of the global pandemic advanced the initiative at a faster rate than may have otherwise occurred. Pandemic-related travel restrictions prevented members of our Quality and Engineering Team from traveling to conduct site audits. In response, custom monitoring technology was developed and deployed throughout our Rental footprint, and the proprietary application remains in use today.

The program requires plant management to self-audit and submit their location's performance metrics at regular intervals. Those submissions are centralized and analyzed by our Operational Excellence Team, who have a complete view of our entire production footprint, and whose dashboard provides instant insight into each location's performance. The Operational Excellence Team collects a wide array of data that helps identify inefficiencies - products of either mechanical or operational issues - and works with locations to adjust and refine processes that are leading to suboptimal performances.

Achieving optimal performance in run time and run efficiency directly impacts our plants' ability to generate improvements on our environmental footprint. By implementing and reviewing Operational Excellence initiatives - and then layering in our Reliability efforts to ensure our systems are performing at optimal levels we can improve our overall performance and drive greater efficiency.

## THE IMPACT OF PRECISION

Our most recent Operational Excellence initiative focuses on loading our soiled wash slings more precisely and more repeatably.

Optimized wash load weights help us improve the overall efficiency of our wash alley, optimize our existing plants and equipment, and maximize our locations' capacities. Ultimately this helps lower our water, energy, and chemical usage.

This ongoing initiative helps plant management identify inefficient wash-sling-loading processes, holds employee-partners accountable, and ultimately helps make our entire laundry process more efficient.

The results of the initial pilot program in FY'21 suggested its potential to drive greater efficiency savings as it was implemented across the company. The testing scope demonstrated potential operational efficiency gains of more than 10%, reductions in annual water withdrawal of up to 350 million gallons per year, and millions of dollars of savings in utility and chemistry costs.

After two locations piloted this program in FY'21, 28 locations had implemented the new process at the close of FY'22. By the end of FY'24, we expect full installation and use across all Rental plants that have been identified for this process upgrade.

Cintas' processes and systems are monitored and reviewed from both Operational Excellence and Reliability perspectives, and our Rental organization hopes to leverage these systemic programs to generate even greater efficiencies.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENT

<!-- image -->

- 24 Overview and Approach
- 26 Climate, Emissions, and Energy
- 28 SPOTLIGHT: SmartTruck Routing Cintas into the Future
- 29 Emissions Performance
- 30 Emissions Data
- 31 Energy Performance
- 32 Energy Data
- 33 SPOTLIGHT: Facility-Focused Energy Reductions
- 34 Water Stewardship
- 38 Water Data
- 39 SPOTLIGHT: Pursuing Greater Water Reuse
- 40 Chemical Safety
- 41 Waste
- 42 SPOTLIGHT: Zero Waste Project
- 43 SPOTLIGHT: Technology's Role Managing Waste Materials
- 44 Materials
- 46 SPOTLIGHT: Reducing, Reusing, Recycling, and Repurposing Our Textiles

<!-- image -->

## OVERVIEW AND APPROACH

With our company origins rooted in sustainable practices, environmental consciousness is a central consideration in Cintas' business model. Almost 100 years ago, Doc and Amelia Farmer's business concept minimized the need for new materials by recycling potential waste.

We continue to operate Cintas with a similar business model, even as our company has grown into one of North America's most visible and successful businesses.

At the very heart of our business, we are a recycling and repurposing company. We believe that whenever we can reuse or repurpose something, we should do so. Further, we aim to process and use these materials with as few natural resources as possible. We also aim to pursue opportunities that help us use our resources to their fullest extent possible, including energy, water, materials, and waste. Our humble, sustainable beginnings remain the foundation for our business processes today.

Being environmentally conscious is a core part of our business and a key component of our success. Our cultural mentality of positive discontent - our need and drive for constant improvement - has helped us reduce:

- The amount of water we require in our plants
- The amount of energy we use in our laundering process
-  The amount of waste we generate
- Our need for raw materials

As we continue to seek out opportunities to do more with less, we also make investments in our business that help us further reduce our environmental footprint.

And we do all of this in a manner that continues to demonstrate a clear, aggregated impact - for Cintas, our customers, and the communities we serve - as our business grows.

## FOCUS ON EFFICIENCIES

Our enterprise-wide focus on Operational Excellence and Reliability helps us identify opportunities to improve and refine our processes. We leverage industry-leading technology and efficiencies that clean, dry, and process products in a more environmentally conscious manner than consumers can at home.

We've developed proprietary wash processes and standards that extend the life of garments, apparel, and reusable items like towels, rags, and mops. And we leverage procedures and engineering to further amplify these impacts across our organization. We continue to identify and invest in technology that allows us to be more exact in our laundry processing and even more efficient in our logistics. Where possible, we also bring this mindset into our Facility Services, First Aid &amp; Safety, and Fire Protection divisions.

As our business continues to grow, we utilize logistical strengths and innovation in our distribution chain and our route-based delivery system to reduce our environmental impact from those inputs.

Every layer of contributory factors helps us extend our ability to grow our business while using less.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND POSITIONS

As an enterprise, we utilize systemic checks and balances to help us achieve our environmental goals and drive efficiencies. And our evolving policies, coupled with our investment in training and development, help us identify opportunities - no matter how slight - to improve our efficiencies.

In FY'22, our Environmental Policy was updated to more directly reflect goals that will help us successfully operate our business in a more sustainable manner. It reiterates our company's preference to conserve natural resources, minimize waste in our operations, and support our customers' sustainability efforts. Further, it underlines that all employee-partners have a responsibility to support Cintas' positions outlined in our Environmental Policy and Climate Change, Energy, Water, Waste, and Biodiversity position statements.

## ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Our Environmental Management System (EMS) builds off our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics Compliance policy. This details our expectation that all employee-partners perform their work in an ethical and law-abiding manner, including compliance with all pertinent environmental laws and regulations.

Our EMS is outlined in our Environmental Policy. The system designates the responsibility for identification and compliance with applicable environmental regulations (federal, state, provincial, and local) to location leaders. Our EMS empowers all Cintas employee-partners to notify Cintas' Corporate Chemical and Environmental Engineering Group with any concerns of a potential or actual noncompliance issue.

Together, Cintas' Corporate Chemical and Environmental Engineering Group and local partners can identify issues and implement solutions, training, support, and contractor or vendor oversight to address the concerns and apply necessary corrective measures.

## TRAINING AND MONITORING

We stress that all employee-partners must understand our environmental positions and expectations, and we expect them to perform their jobs with a 'Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, Repurpose' mentality.

To help maintain our locations' awareness and understanding of how our operations impact the environment, specific training is included in our company's certification process for all new Plant

Managers, Maintenance Supervisors, and Maintenance Technicians. Further, these groups must take annual learning modules on environmental compliance and water optimization. These specific leaders engage daily with our production partners and are on-the-ground experts about our production processes. Because of their detailed knowledge, they are empowered to identify opportunities that can create greater efficiencies, which can lead to meaningful reductions on our environmental footprint.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CLIMATE, EMISSIONS, AND ENERGY

Cintas recognizes the effect and influence business and commerce have on the environment. We have implemented initiatives and programs that support climate action by reducing our energy use and increasing efficiencies, which help us reduce our GHG emissions.

Energy is vital to our business and using it in the most efficient manner is critical to our long-term success, as well as being central in our efforts to reduce our GHG emissions. As responsible corporate citizens, we must continue to recognize reductions in our overall energy consumption and adopt more efficient practices so the energy we do require goes further and does more.

Cintas' ambition to achieve Net Zero GHG emissions by 2050 is a driving force in our ongoing efforts to lower our carbon footprint, lessen our energy use, and minimize our overall environmental impact. As we progress toward this target, we expect to identify further opportunities and initiatives that contribute to our reduction in emissions.

Our long-time commitment to preserve our environment and support the communities we serve is evident in our focus on process improvements and innovations. Teams dedicated to Operational Excellence and Reliability help us maintain and streamline our systems. We rely on our positive discontent to drive ongoing innovation and improvements that help make our business more efficient and more environmentally conscious. These programs impact both our Scope 1 and our Scope 2 GHG emissions and help us lower those totals.

Our suppliers account for the largest percentage of our Scope 3 totals - which make up more than 60% of our total GHG emissions. As we seek to lessen our own business's impact on the environment, we look to influence, educate, and help them reduce their emissions. This approach plays directly into Cintas' holistic 'Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, Repurpose' sustainable business model.

Together, all these efforts help maximize our assets, operate more efficiently, and lessen our environmental impact on a day-to-day basis.

## APPROACH

Our PACE Team is a cross-functional group that works with our leadership teams to identify and implement a broader decarbonization strategy. The task force is responsible for creating actionable plans to reduce our energy use across our business, which in turn lowers GHG emissions.

The PACE Team evaluates our operations and identifies opportunities to reduce our use of natural resources that contribute to climate change. With insight and experience across our organization, this group evaluates how changes and adjustments in certain areas of our business can have added and amplified effects in other areas. They also continue to prioritize Operational Excellence and Reliability initiatives that help us achieve ideal operational conditions, and drive increasing efficiencies in our operations and processes.

With fuel - natural gas, propane, and gasoline - being a key consideration in our operations, the PACE Team is also working with the business to evaluate emerging and evolving alternative-fuel options. This includes prioritizing work with our vendors to help innovate more sustainable solutions with non-carbon and renewable energy sources.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## STRATEGY

Our current decarbonization strategy is a result of the cooperative efforts of our Board of Directors, our executive leadership, our PACE Team, and various internal subject matter experts and leaders. Our deep review of our company's operations resulted in a strategy that prioritizes the innovation and implementation of technology to help us lessen our reliance on carbon-based energy as we target our 2050 ambition.

Our Path to Net Zero will continue to require cooperation between our internal leaders and departments, as well as with our external stakeholders. We must all work together to create true and lasting reductions in emissions that are generated throughout our value chain, especially through collaborative efforts. As a good partner, we also want to support our customers' goals and ambitions in this area through collaborative and supportive programming, offerings, and initiatives.

Our current strategy prioritizes early investment and financial resources in areas that we expect to have the broadest and most significant impacts on our overall environmental footprint - especially our energy use and resulting emissions.

As technologies develop, Cintas will continue to evaluate their potential to support lower energy requirements and accelerate our Path to Net Zero. The PACE Team's ongoing review of our strategy and goals against both our performance and progress will help inform our refinements and updates to the strategic plan.

## INITIATIVES

Most of the energy we use includes electricity (primarily for lighting and process equipment) and fuel - including natural gas and propane, among other natural energy sources - for facility heat, as well as dryers, boilers, and steam tunnels in our processing plants. We also use fuel, primarily in the form of gasoline, to power our fleet.

We continue to evaluate how our facilities are built and powered, and we've begun evaluating solar as a potential renewable energy source for our processing facilities.

With the long-term goal to significantly reduce - if not eventually eliminate - our fleet's carbon-based fuel requirements, we've launched our EV pilot program. Additionally, our SmartTruck™ routing program is about 18 months into operation.

## Minimizing Our Energy Needs

In our processing plants - the largest source of energy consumption in our enterprise's footprint - we currently have systems installed that help minimize our energy needs. Our heat reclaimer system is among the technology already in place that helps us reduce our energy requirements to heat and cool water used in our wash process.

## TRANSITIONING OUR DIESEL FLEET

Since FY'18, when 45% of our commercial fleet ran on diesel fuel, we have been steadily removing diesel-burning vehicles from our fleet.

At the end of FY'22, that percentage had fallen to 20%. Fewer than 3,000 vehicles in our commercial fleet remain diesel-fueled.

## RECLAIMING HEAT

Our processing plants use water and energy to help transform dirty laundry into clean uniforms and textiles.

One key engineering process that helps reduce the amount of energy it takes to heat our water to correct temperatures involves heat reclaimers. These are installed in all our plants and are a central component of our plumbing and piping system.

In this system, two sets of pipes are installed concentrically and work concurrently to help balance the temperature of our process water, which reduces the amount of energy required to bring it to required temperatures. The inside set of pipes transports cold water in from the municipal system, while the outside set of pipes routes the hot wastewater from our wash alleys.

With the system's pipe design, the hot wastewater transfers its heat to the cold municipal water, with their temperatures balancing within 10 degrees of each other.

By reusing the heat generated in our washing process to preheat the inflowing municipal water we use less energy to achieve the necessary water temperatures at key stages of our laundering process.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SPOTLIGHT

## S marttruck ROUTING CINTAS INTO THE FUTURE

Our service fleet is one of the most recognizable Cintas brand symbols, as our vehicles make stops along millions of miles of roads across the United States and Canada.

In FY'21, we began rolling out a new program to help us gather detailed data from our Rental division's commercial fleet vehicles. This data was used to evaluate and optimize our fleet routing, create denser routes, and help us to reduce the number of commercial vehicles needed to service our customers.

We call this program SmartTruck™.

## LEARNINGS AND GAINS

SmartTruck was fully installed in the Rental division's fleet of over 10,000 vehicles in early August 2021. In the remaining 43 weeks of the fiscal year, we noticed increased efficiencies in our routing and improvements to idling behaviors.

## Denser Routes

Once SmartTruck was fully installed in our Rental business, we were able to leverage the data and apply lessons learned to our routeoptimization efforts.

After SmartTruck was fully implemented, the Rental business grew to accommodate more than 5% more stops along our routes. However, with SmartTruck data supporting our routing, we increased the number of routes by less than 2%. We accommodated the increased business by creating denser routes - adding an average of four stops per route by the end of FY'22. By doing so, and by taking route optimization into account, we also cut the average distance between stops by almost 5%.

Our business growth led to additional stops and miles required to service our customers, but SmartTruck helped us identify greater efficiencies each week.

## Idle Time Reductions

In addition, the technology allowed us to reduce the number of idling hours. The average idling time decreased by more than 65% between August 2021 and the final week of our fiscal year.

Reducing a truck's idle time is an important behavioral change that will support our Path to Net Zero, as every hour of idling time results in approximately 8.5 kilograms of CO2 emissions.

## WHAT'S AHEAD

We are expanding the SmartTruck program to our Fire Protection and First Aid &amp; Safety business unit vehicles. The SmartTruck team's FY'23 work in the Rental division - by far Cintas' largest fleet group will continue to minimize the number of newly created routes.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## EMISSIONS PERFORMANCE

In FY'22, we focused on developing enterprise-wide accounting of our carbon impact. In our previous ESG report, we disclosed environmental data for our Rental operations - both facilities and fleet - located only in the United States. This year, we expanded both our emissions and our energy data to widen the breadth of our disclosures to reflect all of our operations in the United States and Canada, including facilities, fleet, and aviation. We have restated our FY'19 base year data to reflect these inclusions. We are also reporting our Scope 3 emissions using the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

## EMISSIONS INTENSITY CONTINUES DOWNWARD TREND

Our focus on operationalizing efficiencies throughout our organization has resulted in an almost 27% reduction in emissions intensity 6  since our FY'19 base year. Over the last four fiscal years, we've lowered our annual emissions intensity from 113.1 in FY'19 to 82.6 in FY'22. Following decreases of our emissions intensity of 7.6% in FY'20 and 14.6% in FY'21, we lowered our emissions intensity by another 7.5% in FY'22.

## FACILITY-RELATED EMISSIONS KEEP DECLINING

Efforts to reduce energy use in our facilities have had a noticeable effect on our gross emissions, lowering our facilities' gross emissions by almost 21% since FY'19. Our Operational Excellence and Reliability efforts have helped us realize these annual reductions in gross metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalents (MTCO2e) of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions produced by our facilities since FY'19. We reduced our annual emissions by 7.8% in FY'20, 11.4% in FY'21, and 3.0% in FY'22.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## EMISSIONS DATA

| CINTAS CORPORATION  UNITS  FY'19  FY'20  FY'21  FY'22  GHG Emissions Intensity 7  Direct (Scope 1) + Indirect (Scope 2) Emissions Intensity  MTCO2e/$M  113.1  104.6  89.3  82.6  Annual Emissions Intensity Change  %  -7.6  -14.6  -7.5  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -7.6  -21.0  -27.0  Gross GHG Emissions  Scope 1 (Gross Direct)  MTCO2e  621,440  598,511  521,720  547,631  Scope 2 (Indirect)  MTCO2e  158,385  142,469  113,956  101,204  Total Scope 1 + 2 Emissions  MTCO2e  779,825  740,980  635,677  648,834  Annual Scope 1 + 2 Emissions Change  MTCO2e  -38,845  -105,303  13,158  Annual Change in Scope 1 + 2 Emissions  %  -5.0  -14.2  2.1  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -5.0  -18.5  -16.8  Scope 3 (Other Indirect) Emissions  MTCO2e  1,037,864  1,011,245  1,075,443  1,172,146  Annual Scope 3 Emissions Change  MTCO2e  -26,620  64,198  96,703  Annual Change in Scope 3 Emissions  %  -2.6  6.4  9.0  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -2.6  3.6  12.9  Total Scope 1 + 2 + 3 Emissions  MTCO2e  1,817,689  1,752,225  1,711,120  1,820,980  Aviation, Facilities and Fleet GHG Emissions  Aviation (U.S.) Scope 1 Emissions  MTCO2e  94.2  14.6  8.6  69.9  Annual Change in Aviation Scope 1 Emissions  %  -84.5  -41.0  714.6  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -84.5  -90.9  -25.7  Facilities (U.S. and CAN) Scope 1 + 2 Emissions  MTCO2e  433,260  399,591  353,937  343,312  Annual Change in Facilities Scope 1 + 2 Emissions  %  -7.8  -11.4  -3.0  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -7.8  -18.3  -20.8  Fleet (U.S. and CAN) Scope 1 Emissions  MTCO2e  346,471  341,374  281,731  305,452  Annual Change in Fleet Scope 1 Emissions  %  -1.5  -17.7  8.4  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -1.5  -18.7  -11.8  Totals  MTCO2e  779,825  740,980  635,677  648,834   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## ENERGY PERFORMANCE

Our energy requirements have decreased in the wake of our ongoing Operational Excellence and Reliability initiatives and facility enhancements. In the last four years, we have reduced energy intensity 8  by almost 25%, from 2,362 GJ/$M in our FY'19 base year to 1,779 GJ/$M in FY'22. The annual decrease in our energy intensity for FY'22 was almost 8%, which continued our steady reduction during the previous three years.

## ENERGY REDUCTIONS

Since our FY'19 base year, we have lowered our total energy use by almost 2.3 million gigajoules, representing more than a 14% reduction in gross energy

use during that time. Our energy use reductions are more impressive considering our business growth during that same time. Since FY'19, revenues have increased 13.9%, growing from $6.89 billion to $7.85 billion.

In the last four years, we've:

- Reduced our electricity use by almost 28%. In FY'22, we required 1,657,086 gigajoules of electricity to run our business, a decrease from 2,289,508 gigajoules in FY'19
- Reduced our use of diesel fuel. In FY'22, we used 999,942 gigajoules, down from a high of 1,663,983 in FY'19 - almost a 40% reduction
- Reduced our use of natural gas since FY'19, from needing 8,964,314 gigajoules in the base year to requiring 7,887,877 in FY'22. This represents a 12% reduction in natural gas use in the last four years

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ENERGY DATA

| CINTAS CORPORATION  UNITS  FY'19  FY'20  FY'21  FY'22  Energy Intensity 7  Energy Intensity  GJ/$M  2,362  2,166  1,931  1,779  Annual Energy Intensity Change  %  -8.3  -10.8  -7.9  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -8.3  -18.2  -24.7  Gross Energy Consumption  Total Energy Consumption  GJ  16,279,433  15,345,335  13,744,356  13,973,818  Annual Change from Base Year (FY'19)  GJ  -934,099  -2,535,078  -2,305,615  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -5.7  -15.6  -14.2  Electricity  GJ  2,289,508  2,100,953  1,798,348  1,657,086  Natural Gas  GJ  8,964,314  8,328,817  7,847,789  7,887,877  Propane  GJ  40,697  33,504  46,003  44,152  Gasoline and E85  GJ  3,320,931  3,465,858  3,048,074  3,384,761  Diesel  GJ  1,663,983  1,416,202  1,004,141  999,942   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## SPOTLIGHT

## FACILITY FOCUSED ENERGY REDUCTIONS

Throughout the United States and Canada, our 475 facilities of all sizes allow us to fulfill the needs of our four business divisions. This total includes field locations, distribution centers, and several corporate facilities. That equates to approximately 23 million square feet of space that requires heating, cooling, and appropriate lighting. This is a significant area of opportunity along our Path to Net Zero, and our teams have been working to identify opportunities to lessen the energy required to operate our facilities. Several projects are already underway.

## LED LIGHTING CONVERSIONS

As FY'22 closed, Cintas was nearing completion of our multiple-year, company-wide LED lighting transition project to help us lower energy use at some of our older, more energy-intensive locations. Our Quality and Engineering Teams completed LED lighting installations at more than 125 locations by the end of FY'22, with fewer than 50 locations left to be completed in the current phase. The LEDs installed at the completed locations will save the company almost 23.3 million kilowatt hours of energy annually - equating to 16,501 metric tons of CO2e avoided each year.

## SOLAR POWER PILOT PLANNED

In FY'22, we explored opportunities to test solar technology and launched an effort to begin piloting solar power at one of our Rental facilities. Working with the state of New Jersey, we identified the opportunity to install our first solar-powered system at our Rental location in Piscataway during FY'23.

Once the system is fully installed, we will evaluate its capabilities and determine whether solarpowered systems are a viable option for other Rental facilities. We anticipate that the data will allow us to evaluate the system's performance yearround, as well as comparing the costs of operation against traditional utility-based energy sources.

Ultimately, the performance of the pilot system in Piscataway will help us better evaluate how renewable energy sources like solar may fit into our future.

## REVIEWING FACILITY BUILD-OUT PLANS

Cintas engineering is systematically evaluating energy- and water-reduction capabilities for use in our existing and future facilities. Some of our facilities currently employ various energy-reduction technologies, including entrances with multiple doors, timing mechanisms on the HVAC and lighting systems, water-flow reducers, and thermoplastic polyolefin (TPO) roofs and ceilings made of lightercolored materials to reflect radiant heat.

Since 2017, all newly constructed buildings have LED lighting installed, including external LED lighting configurations that create zero light spillage (photometric pollution) at our properties' boundaries.

As a result of our Path to Net Zero and our overall Operational Excellence and Reliability initiatives, our teams are also investigating the potential benefits of standardizing facility plans. This would incorporate a consistent set of energy-reducing technologies across all our operations.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## WATER STEWARDSHIP

Water is a central resource to our business and is a necessary input in one of our key business services.

Because of water's importance in our operations, we believe Cintas has a profound responsibility to be mindful, considerate, and deliberate in our interactions with this vital natural resource.

As a company, we recognize that water is already a scarce resource, so we strive to be a responsible community leader and respect our communities' right to water.

To strengthen our resolve as a water consumer, we continue to explore opportunities that help lessen our water consumption. And as a responsible water steward, we continuously monitor our operations and processes, so we discharge water back to our local communities in a sustainable, responsible manner.

## WATER MANAGEMENT POSITION

Our Water Position outlines how we work to evolve our business practices that involve water, and informs our efforts to conserve water and minimize our water draw.

These opportunities include:

- Identifying further process efficiencies and waterutilization methods
- Treating wastewater in compliance with prevailing regulations
- Utilizing appropriate reuse technologies when able
- Engaging in cooperative relationships with our vendors, suppliers, and customers to identify opportunities and incorporate innovations to help manage water more responsibly throughout our value chain

<!-- image -->

These ambitions - added to our existing laundering processes, which require less water (and energy) than both traditional at-home laundering and our industry peers - help us maintain an acute perspective on our water stewardship activities.

Further, our Water Position motivates us to identify and innovate even greater efficiencies that help maximize our achievements across our company's scale, even as our business continues to grow.

## CINTAS' WATER JOURNEY

We take pride in our water-conservation efforts to date. In addition to our ongoing efforts to minimize water requirements and maximize water conservation throughout our company, we are placing focused attention on increasing our water-reuse efforts. For instance, we are seeking to build on the success that our production facilities around the Great Lakes have had in expanding their water reuse.

As we aim to prioritize higher water reuse in areas of significant need, specific challenges presented by our locations in water-stressed regions provide us with opportunities to test and pilot programs. These areas include Arizona, California, Colorado, and Nevada.

The majority of our FY'22 water withdrawal originates from 14 major water basins.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## APPROACH AND STRATEGY

Cintas' efforts to increase water conservation go back decades. Decreasing our dependence on freshwater has been an ongoing focus of our engineering efforts.

These efforts have also produced sound business practices by reducing our production costs and costs passed on to customers through our pricing models. The less water we use, the lower our costs - especially in areas where water prices are at a premium because of local restrictions or regulations, decreasing water availability, and/or localized conservation programming.

Our water stewardship strategy has three main components:

- Conservation and minimization of the water we withdraw
- Identification and implementation of process technologies and efficiencies that help further reduce our water use
- Implementation of water-reuse technologies

Throughout our water journey, we've fostered a culture of innovation among our employee-partners and vendors and have challenged them to modernize the commercial laundry industry.

At Cintas, we've led the way by:

- Testing, refining, and installing capital equipment systems that help us conserve water
- Utilizing evolving wash chemistry technologies and optimizing wash chemistry formulas
- Adopting common-sense behaviors that, taken together, have helped significantly reduce our costs and water consumption
- Exploring and installing broader waterreuse technologies

## Water Conservation

We're proud of our legacy of water-conservation efforts, and we know our ongoing commitment has produced a positive ripple effect throughout our industry. Throughout the last few decades, we've focused conservation efforts on minimizing our draw from freshwater sources and reducing our overall water needs.

We've made significant strides in lowering the amount of water required to wash a pound of laundry without compromising our ability to meet hygienically clean certification standards (where applicable), which is critical to our customers.

We continue to seek opportunities that will help us further reduce our water consumption. Our current initiatives highlight two key areas of ongoing opportunity: process efficiency improvements and wash chemistry. We work collaboratively with our capital equipment manufacturers and our wash chemistry partners to improve our operational footprint, and to realize the combined impacts of engineering efficiencies and chemical improvements on our water requirements.

<!-- image -->

Cintas is a charter member of the Laundry Environmental Stewardship Program (LaundryESP®)

<!-- image -->

## Water Reuse

We are continuing to identify ways to increase waterreuse rates throughout our production facilities. We have seen impressive reuse capabilities at a number of our facilities with full reuse technology and complete monitoring systems. Taking the cues and learnings from these locations, we anticipate identifying the start of a more expansive enterprise-wide reuse strategy in future years.

Our ability to expand and monitor our water-reuse capabilities at all our locations is an important step in our ongoing work to lessen our freshwater withdrawal and lower our overall water consumption.

## WATER RISK ASSESSMENT AND WATER-STRESSED REGIONS

With our operational footprint stretching from coast to coast across the United States and Canada, we draw water from a variety of sources, including water-stressed regions. The majority our FY'22 water withdrawal originated in 14 major water basins, with 82% of our water drawn from five sources: the Mississippi-Missouri river system (35%), the Gulf of Mexico (14%), the St. Lawrence River (17%), the North Atlantic Coast (9%), and the state of California (7%).

An FY'22 water risk assessment identified 40 Rental plants that operate in water-stressed regions of the United States and Canada, where they are experiencing high to extremely high water stress. Of our 40 processing plants located in current water-stressed regions, 17 are in Arizona, California, Colorado, and Nevada, states which have been severely impacted by historic droughts and declining water tables. At operations in these states and other water-stressed regions, we are emphasizing water-reuse technologies. As good environmental stewards, increasing our reuse efforts will also be important to help supplement our ongoing water-conservation efforts.

In the western region, legacy systems currently installed at our Las Vegas and Denver-area locations have provided contextual examples of how expanded reuse capabilities can positively affect water consumption.

As various reuse opportunities and technologies emerge and evolve, we expect to prioritize the expansion of water-reuse capabilities in water-stressed regions and identify and apply appropriate technologies in these vital areas.

## MANAGING WASTEWATER AND EFFLUENTS

Both our Environmental Compliance policy and our Water Management Position outline our expectation that our field locations treat and process wastewater as necessary to comply with their specific local, state, and federal regulatory requirements.

Our wastewater treatment strategy has three main components:

- Approved chemical suppliers and wastewatertreatment equipment
- Proper maintenance of all wastewatertreatment equipment
- Wastewater testing and reporting

We have also implemented consistent treatment systems at our facilities to help our locations return wastewater to the local municipality according to all local regulations.

## THE WASTEWATERTREATMENT PROCESS

Our wastewater-treatment process is consistent throughout all processing plants in our company. It begins with the removal of lint and other solids from wastewater after a wash cycle, which generates non-toxic waste that is disposed of in landfills.

At facilities that require wastewater to be treated before it is discharged, the effluent-free wastewater is routed through an equalization tank for homogenization. It then flows through a dissolved air flotation (DAF) system for additional filtration and treatment.

Once wastewater has cycled through the DAF system and has been treated, it is discharged back to the municipal water supply. However, if the location has reuse technology installed, the treated wastewater may also be recirculated for reuse.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## WATER PERFORMANCE AND DATA

Our Rental business is the overwhelming driver of our company's water interactions. Our ongoing operational review has helped us more fully identify opportunities for how we work with water. The water data in this year's report includes all of our Rental processing locations in the United States and Canada.

## Water Intensity Decreases Since FY'19

As our business has continued to grow and we've processed more product volume, we've significantly invested in decreasing our business's water requirements.

With the increase in output at our processing locations, we continue to realize the impact of our efforts to reduce our overall water needs. Since FY'19, we have lowered our water intensity 9 by almost 21% - even as revenues have grown by almost 14%.

## Lowering Water Requirements

Our ongoing efforts to innovate, increase efficiency, and explore reuse opportunities have resulted in significant reductions in our water needs.

Our Operational Excellence and Reliability initiatives have helped our machines work more efficiently. With wash chemistry programmed to meet specific product load weights, our washers and dryers are more efficient - requiring less water and energy and fewer chemicals to clean, and less energy to dry. Our employee-partners continue to work with our wash chemistry and equipment vendors to target optimal product load sizes.

Since FY'19, we have lowered our water withdrawal by 9.1%, our water discharge by 9.8%, and our total water consumed by 2.8%. We're using the water we draw in more effectively and increasing the amount we return to local municipal water systems.

<!-- image -->

We expect our efforts to increase water-reuse opportunities will bear additional impact in coming years, further helping to lower our overall water withdrawal and consumption.

## Water-Stressed Regions

We put significant attention on our water stewardship in areas experiencing water stress. Since FY'19, we've lessened our water withdrawn in these regions by 11.7%. In FY'22, our business withdrew 18.7% of our total water withdrawal in stressed regions, but only consumed 13.9% of our total water consumption in the same areas.

As a company, we discharge 88.9% of the water we withdraw back to municipalities, but in water-stressed regions that total is up to 91.8%.

Overall we consume 11.1% of the total water we withdraw as a company, but that total is even lower in water-stressed regions, at 8.2%.

Our efforts to optimize existing water-reuse systems and explore further reuse opportunities in waterstressed regions are contributing to our lower water requirements in these important areas.

<!-- image -->

## WATER DATA

| CINTAS CORPORATION  UNITS  FY'19  FY'20  FY'21  FY'22  Water Intensity 7  Water Intensity  ML/$M  1.9  1.7  1.5  1.5  Annual Water Intensity Change  %  -12.0  -9.7  -0.4  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -12.0  -20.5  -20.9  Water Withdrawal  Total Water Withdrawal  ML  14,813  13,397  12,189  13,464  Annual Water Withdrawal Change  ML  -1,417  -1,208  1,275  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -9.6  -17.7  -9.1  Stressed Regions Total Water Withdrawal  ML  2,853  2,576  2,451  2,520  Percentage of Total Water Withdrawal from  Stressed Regions  %  19.3  19.3  20.1  18.7  Water Discharge  Total Water Discharge  ML  13,281  12,010  10,898  11,975  Annual Water Discharge Change  ML  -1,270  -1,113  1,077  Annual Change in Water Discharge  %  -9.6  -9.3  9.9  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -9.6  -17.9  -9.8  Stressed Regions Total Water Discharge  ML  2,704  2,441  2,319  2,313  Percentage of Total Water Discharge to  Stressed Regions  %  20.4  20.3  21.3  19.3  Water Consumption  Total Water Consumption  ML  1,532  1,386  1,291  1,489  Annual Water Consumption Change  ML  -146  -95  198  Annual Change in Water Consumption  %  -9.5  -6.9  15.3  Change from Base Year (FY'19)  %  -9.5  -15.8  -2.8  Stressed Regions Total Water Consumption  ML  148  135  132  207  Percentage of Total Water Consumption from  Stressed Regions  %  9.7  9.7  10.2  13.9   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## SPOTLIGHT

## PURSUING GREATER WATER REUSE

Our water journey has been full of advances and successes, and as a water-intensive business, we must keep innovating solutions that lessen our use of natural resources. For that reason, we continue to view our water-reuse initiatives as a tremendous opportunity to reduce our total water consumption and expand our water-conservation efforts.

## OUR EFFORTS

In FY'22, our engineering and operations teams focused on ways to better quantify our existing waterreuse efforts. We installed or improved metering capabilities at many plants, and we will continue this effort in FY'23.

3

<!-- image -->

2

We also completed an assessment of each type of water-treatment and -reuse system currently utilized by Cintas to identify opportunities for improvement and expansion. Further, we continued evaluating advances in wastewater-treatment technology that could also expand the long-term potential of water reuse.

This examination of our water-reuse technologies and capabilities will be especially important as we identify opportunities to reduce our total water consumption in geographic areas experiencing significant water stress.

More than 30 years ago, Cintas started installing Dissolved Air Flotation (DAF) systems in plants. Those systems aid our efforts to reuse water. Over time,

## MAXIMIZING REUSE IN THE GREAT LAKES AREA

Recently, we've had significant success in leveraging water-reuse technologies at facilities in our Rental division's Great Lakes and East Central groups.

These groups include plant locations in Northern Indiana, Michigan, Northern and Eastern Ohio, Western and Central Pennsylvania, Western and Central New York, Kentucky, West Virginia, and Maryland.

2

2

4

we have worked with our vendors to standardize the design of our DAF systems and incorporate the latest technological advancements into our plants.

## WHAT'S AHEAD

Optimizing our ability to reuse water and lower our overall water consumption is an important priority at Cintas.

Water reuse will continue to be a focus of our engineering, production, and plant management teams. Our Operational Excellence activities will play a central part in this work, and our customers' expectations and satisfaction will continue to be paramount.

Some locations near the Great Lakes have demonstrated reuse capabilities approaching and in some cases exceeding - 30% of their water needs, and have been ground zero for our reuseoptimization testing.

Optimizing reuse technology at these plants has allowed us to create greater efficiencies at these locations and expand their capacity while continuing to operate within permitting limits. Their success has also helped us identify optimal reuse technology integrations and use cases that will benefit our enterprise footprint. This includes our processing locations in water-stressed regions that face added challenges.

<!-- image -->

## CHEMICAL SAFETY

The use of chemicals, chemical formulations, and chemical-containing products is an important element of our work.

Our Uniform Rental business requires the use of chemicals in our wash process, maintenance activities, boilers, and wastewater treatment. We may also encounter chemicals that enter our facilities on soiled uniforms and bulk items. Additionally, products and services in our Facility Services, First Aid &amp; Safety, and Fire Protection segments also utilize chemicals, compounds, and formulations to work effectively.

As our business's interactions with chemicals and chemical substances have increased over the years, we've established procedures and operational requirements to identify and control our employeepartners' exposure to chemicals in their workday.

## APPROVALS REQUIRED

Before new chemicals or chemical-containing products are used in our business, they are first reviewed by our corporate chemical and environmental engineers for both safety and environmental considerations, as well as community protections.

We maintain an updated, full accounting of the chemicals and chemical-containing products used in our business. These products are reviewed and documented annually by location production managers, and the documentation is shared with our corporate engineering team.

## COMPLIANCE

Additionally, chemical safety documentation is created for each unique chemical and chemical-containing product used by a location. That documentation is carried on our delivery fleet vehicles and available to customers if requested.

In addition to chemicals we introduce through our processes and operations, we also work with customers to understand what chemicals, if any, could come into contact with our products. We implement precautions necessary to handle products that meet any chemicals originating at a customer's place of business. This process begins at the earliest stage of a new customer relationship, starting during the sales process.

## EMPLOYEE-PARTNER SAFETY

Our locations provide PPE to our employee-partners to help protect them from hazards encountered while on the job. We perform annual PPE hazard assessments for all potential hazards that may be associated with our processes and the chemicals used in our operations, as well as chemicals used by our customers.

## COMMUNITY PROTECTION

Our U.S. locations are required to comply with the Tier II U.S. federal statute requiring the mandatory reporting of hazardous and toxic substances housed at the facility at any point during the reporting year. These reports are publicly available and allow local residents to gain a greater understanding of what potential risks are in their communities.

Our corporate environmental engineering team supports our locations in their annual Tier II filings and oversees Cintas' compliance with the regulations.

## OPPORTUNITIES

In recent years, we have increased the number of environmentally preferable chemicals in our product inventory. This includes Green Seal-certified products, Design for the Environment (DfE) chemicals, environmentally friendly detergents, and fire suppression foam.

## ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY WASH MIXES

Instead of using harsh dry-cleaning solvents, we use NPE 10 -free detergents that are more environmentally friendly.

We are the first industrial launderer to employ washing standards that are 100% free from NPE, phosphates, and EDTA 11  in all our North American laundry facilities.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## WASTE

From our very beginnings, our company reduced waste and found new ways to extend the life of products. Today, our business strategy is based on the concepts of 'Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, Repurpose.'

Waste was identified as an Impact Priority in our recent assessment. Our Waste Position formalizes our organizational commitment to responsible waste management. This includes evaluating our operations to identify opportunities to minimize waste through process improvements, recycling and reuse options, and new technologies, as well as collaboration with our vendors, suppliers, and customers to identify waste-minimization opportunities in our value chain.

We have also found great success with our Zero Waste Program 12  at our distribution centers, which posted a diversion rate of 93.16% in FY'22. Cintas has received eight TRUE certifications from Green Business Certification, Inc., certifying eight of our 10 distribution facilities. We plan to investigate additional programs and initiatives that can lower our waste destined for landfills, including broader enterprise-wide recycling and reuse programs.

## THE BUSINESS CASE FOR REUSING PRODUCTS

Our business model reduces waste by reusing textile products. Our Uniform Rental operation has perfected a business model that both reuses garments and textiles and extends the average usable life of apparel to help reduce textile waste.

We reduce the number of uniforms each wearer needs over a lifetime by laundering them in a manner that extends their useful lives compared to traditional at-home laundering. This means we require fewer raw materials to meet the same needs.

Operationally, we have other inputs that support our waste-minimization goals. We leverage technology throughout our supply chain and have increased visibility of and access to our stockrooms and distribution centers around the country. This allows us to manage our available inventory more effectively and reduce the need for new products.

By providing reusable alternatives to products often treated as disposable, we offer our customers a means to reduce their disposable waste. The broader environmental impact of these offerings is significant. These include reusable products like bar towels, fender covers, shop towels, aprons, microfiber mops and mats. We also provide healthcare-related items that have been traditionally used in a disposable format - like isolation gowns, surgical gowns, cleanroom coveralls, or even cleaning textiles.

## Reusables vs. Disposables

Research conducted in 2020 for the American Reusable Textile Association (ARTA) found that the use of reusable healthcare products instead of disposable versions reduces solid waste between 84% and 97%, 13  and lowers waste-disposal costs. Reusing textiles also leads to a 27% to 66% reduction in GHGs, depending on the item type.

Additional research conducted by CWS (published 2021) found that the circular system created by the apparel rental industry in part helped extend the life of garments and reduced waste. When garments needed repairs, researchers found that only about half of necessary repairs were completed at home by wearers, resulting in the unrepaired garments being discarded as waste.

In the circular rental environment, almost all the necessary repairs were completed, and the garments' useful lives continued to be extended. Similarly to the added climate benefits of reusable healthcare items, circular garment programs also reduce a garment's associated GHG emissions by approximately 76%, or about 50% including transportation and delivery.

## CURRENT WASTEMANAGEMENT INITIATIVES

As we continue formulating an updated enterprisewide waste-minimization strategy and complementary policies and programs, we expect to centralize existing smaller-scale programs. These current programs usually location- or region-based - help us reduce our overall waste and further divert waste from landfills, and also allow us to learn and develop best practices.

At this time, these types of programs have not been centralized, so we cannot provide company-wide data. But these location-based programs include paper recycling, disposal containers for recyclable plastics, cans, and glass, technology and hardware disposal and recycling, and printer toner cartridge recycling.

## PARTNERING FOR CIRCULARITY

As we look for additional ways to incorporate sustainability, we continue to identify new ways to use and process end-of-life garments to help reduce end-of-life waste. We are actively exploring opportunities to create circular economics with our garments and apparel, including a new relationship with Accelerating Circularity.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SPOTLIGHT

## ZERO WASTE PROJECT

Cintas has established several waste-reduction programs throughout its operations. These initiatives have demonstrated success in helping lessen our waste while creating opportunities to recycle (or reuse or repurpose) refuse that would otherwise be destined for landfills.

The success of existing waste-reduction and recycling initiatives is leading us to explore more comprehensive programs. These are intended to help us minimize our company's waste and expand our adoption and implementation of recycling, reuse, and repurposing initiatives.

## CINTAS ZERO WASTE PROGRAM

The Zero Waste Program at our distribution centers is an effort to increase our waste diverted from landfills. Currently eight locations housing 10 of our distribution centers participate in our Zero Waste Program, and they continue to remain TRUE Certified by Green Business Certification, Inc. This means they divert at least 90% of their waste from landfills each year.

The success of our Zero Waste Program is defined by our employee-partners' commitment to our program's goals. Each location has its own Green Team that:

- Champions our Zero Waste Program's goals throughout their location
- Tracks their location's waste and diversion performances
- Educates, motivates, and supports our employee-partners' efforts to reduce, reuse, and recycle our waste
- Collaborates with our ESG and Global Supply Chain Teams to identify recycling and waste best practices that could benefit the broader organization

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## FY'22 Results

Our Scranton distribution center posted our highest diversion rate of 96.8%. The eight participating locations produced an overall average diversion rate of 93.16%. Together these locations divert a total of 2,428.00 tons of waste from landfills, including:

- 1,894.40 tons of cardboard
- 24.33 tons of plastic
- 27.17 tons of co-mingled products
- 32.96 tons of fabric and trimming
- 15.73 tons of pallets
- 50.59 tons of paper

Part of our diversion efforts in FY'22 included redirecting 1,817 tons of products and other items from distribution centers to Matthew 25: Ministries and other charitable organizations.

## SPOTLIGHT

## TECHNOLOGY'S ROLE MANAGING WASTE MATERIALS

We have made significant strides in leveraging emerging technologies to help manage our inventory. This has provided greater visibility to our product supply and has created efficiencies in our supply chain system to help us identify and create processes that can lead to less waste and fewer material needs.

## INVENTORY MANAGEMENT

Our widespread SAP integration has provided better insights into our inventory across our entire organization. Further, it supports the management of our global supply chain, especially where it overlaps with inventory management.

Our inventory-tracking systems give us clearer insights into our existing product inventory, no matter an item's location in our company footprint. The systems provide users with greater knowledge regarding where surplus exists, and encourage utilization of products already in inventory before placing an order for new products. As a result of this expanded stockroom visibility, we've been able to increase the number of garments our locations share monthly.

Holistically, the technology integrations allow us to better leverage products we already have in our system and reduce our need to order new products. They also mean we avoid increased waste and added costs generated by outdated excess products and inventory.

## AUTOMATED SORTING SYSTEMS

Automated sorting systems aren't new to Cintas, but we are exploring new uses for them.

We have had auto-sort systems in our laundering processing plants for years. These complex systems of rails, clips, hangers, barcodes, and scanners have helped create significant efficiencies in our organization. They've provided streamlined storage layouts for laundered garments and backstock, reducing our plant footprints.

Cintas is also using a different kind of autosort system in our newest distribution center in Middletown, Ohio (pictured to the right). Opened in FY'22, it fulfills the needs of our First Aid &amp; Safety division. This system utilizes a computerized process to provide precise tracking and inventory management. As a result of this new auto-sort system, Cintas can store the same amount of product on a smaller footprint compared to traditional shelf-based warehousing systems. In turn, this helps us reduce the overall footprint of the facility, helping to lower our energy needs.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## MATERIALS

Because of the nature of our business, we work with a significant amount of material - especially textiles. Being responsible with the materials we source and how we use them makes a lot of business sense.

As our business grows, so too has interest in sustainable product offerings. Nowhere is this truer than in our Design Collective ®  by Cintas business. Design Collective creates and sells customized and bespoke uniform programs, with customers that include some of the world's largest companies and travel, entertainment, and  hospitality brands.

This division has been our champion of fabric and materials innovation and continues to imagine ways to create a more circular economy and, potentially, an entirely closed-loop system for our apparel. Its efforts are also central to our company's ongoing aim to create a broader circular economy for our garment and apparel products.

To help meet our customers' appetites for uniforms and apparel made in a more sustainable manner, Design Collective has focused efforts on designing and testing several new products and programs.

## SUSTAINABLE MATERIALS

As interest in products made from sustainable materials and fabrics grows, so too does our use of sustainable fabrics. This includes recycled polyester and ecofriendly, sustainable textiles - which are currently available in more than 150 of our uniform styles. Our current product catalog includes 1,360 products that are at least partially made from recycled materials.

Sustainable fabrics in our product portfolio include:

- Cintas' proprietary ComfortFLEX ®
-  DuPont Sorona ®
-  Bamboo
- Organic cotton
- Recycled polyester (rPET)
-  Tencel™
- Other cellulosic fibers

## TRACEABLE RECYCLED POLYESTER

Traceable waste from our clients, such as plastic bottles, is processed and transformed into REPREVE ®  recycled polyester fibers. REPREVE is then used to produce apparel and accessories - including items for our Regeneration Collection.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## UPCYCLING AND REPURPOSING GARMENTS

We are active in recycling end-of-life garments from our customers. Once we collect these garments, they can be transformed - or upcycled - into other apparel and products. Not only does this divert the garments from landfills, but it also gives life to them in new forms. One such program is with Martex Fiber, which takes customers' end-of-life garments and recycles them into an amalgamated marled material. This is generally used in post-consumer textiles.

## RECLAIMED GARMENTS

We partner with various charities to donate reclaimed or unused garments. In FY'22, reclaimed garments were among the more than 1,817 tons of reclaimed goods that we donated to Matthew 25: Ministries.

## WHAT'S AHEAD

We have already begun imagining a future that includes Cintas-branded product lines produced entirely in a closed-loop system. Collaboration between stakeholders in our Rental, Design Collective, Product Development, Global Supply Chain, and ESG groups is exploring how current and emerging technologies can support such an initiative.

Our partnerships and ongoing programs with outside organizations - like Accelerating Circularity - to develop new assets from end-of-life products have helped us recognize and understand how impactful this could be on our total environmental footprint.

As we continue exploring various recycling and repurposing technologies, we also wish to gain a better understanding of how these products perform and their new-form lifespans.

As we investigate potential opportunities, we will always keep our customers' expectations and needs central to our product-development strategies. Our products must continue to meet customers' ongoing needs.

We understand that even a smaller-scale product line made from a circular supply chain, or closedloop system, would have an instant impact on our environmental footprint.

<!-- image -->

## RECYCLING FIRE PROTECTION EQUIPMENT

Our uniforms and garments aren't the only products subject to recycling. Our Fire Protection division has also found ways to recycle components of their products and help cut down on the need for new materials, as well as lowering waste from those product lines.

In FY'22, the Fire division recycled 121,000 emergency and exit light batteries. Additionally, our Fire Extinguisher Processing Centers recycled 750,000 pounds - or 375 tons - of metal from fire extinguishers no longer fit for service.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SPOTLIGHT

## REDUCING, REUSING, RECYCLING, AND REPURPOSING OUR TEXTILES

Our company's origin story dates to the Great Depression, when Doc and Amelia Farmer unknowingly created a circular economy for our area's shop rags. In doing so they also solved their primary problem of having to find a means to feed and clothe their family during the Great Depression.

As we approach our second century of operations, we are using the same ingenuity and resourcefulness to place greater emphasis on extending the life and usefulness of our products. While Cintas already provides a circular model, we want to do more.

Less than 1% of used clothing in the United States is recycled annually. 14  This demonstrates a tremendous opportunity to identify and create new opportunities for end-of-life goods.

We are currently participating in several initiatives to act on this opportunity. One of those is our Accelerating Circularity Program.

## ACCELERATING CIRCULARITY PROGRAM

In FY'22, we joined Accelerating Circularity, a notfor-profit organizations that hopes to re-envision the textile industry's supply chain and use the value in existing textiles for new products. The organization brings together members from some of North America's largest clothing and apparel retailers, textile producers, and manufacturers, as well as other trade, industry, and research organizations.

As a company already focused on recycling, reusing, and extending the useful life of materials, our membership in Accelerating Circularity can help expand potential new textile circular economies. The consortium provides us with opportunities to collaborate with other Accelerating Circularity members and industry peers.

Accelerating Circularity focuses on identifying new uses for end-of-life polyester, cotton, and manmade cellulosics, which together represent approximately 80% of the textile market. Creating a cross-collaborative circular textile supply chain would help improve the industry's environmental and social impact by lowering its waste and the reliance and use of raw materials, energy, and water.

We are currently collaborating across our own organization as we pursue more circular textiles. Through Accelerating Circularity, Design Collective has designed t-shirt and twill pant samples constructed from circular textiles that can be included in our product offerings.

## WHAT'S NEXT

We expect our efforts to identify new uses for endof-life products or incorporate other sustainably made products into our company inventory will continue.

Our market presence and our company footprint, coupled with our heritage incorporating a 'Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, Repurpose' mindset, affords us tremendous opportunity to develop more circular economies.

We believe there is tremendous benefit for our customers and our environment to identify product offerings for our other divisions that further expand our recycled offerings portfolio and help minimize waste.

As recycling technology continues to evolve and more opportunities are identified that maintain - or increase - quality and customer experience, we're eager to get further involved and incorporate these offerings.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SOCIAL

<!-- image -->

- 48 Overview and Approach
- 49 Our People
- 51 Human Rights
- 53 Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion
- 55 Workforce Data
- 56 Talent Recruitment and Retention
- 58 Talent Recruitment and Retention Data
- 59 Compensation and Benefits
- 63 Performance and Advancement
- 65 Training and Development
- 68 SPOTLIGHT: PBRGs: Supporting Partner Development
- 69 Employee-Partner Engagement
- 70 Safety and Health
- 74 SPOTLIGHT: Ergo Excellence
- 75 Global Supply Chain and Supplier Relations
- 77 Supplier Diversity
- 78 Community Impact and Philanthropy
- 82 SPOTLIGHT: Cintas Partner Assistance Fund
- 83 Impacts of Our Products and Services

<!-- image -->

## OVERVIEW AND APPROACH

We are intentional about our Corporate Culture and how we've interpreted and evolved it through the years. It' s the foundation of our company and continues to guide our growth and business decisions. Our dynamic policies and procedures inform our management activities and help us maintain our quality service as our customers' expectations and needs evolve.

At the heart of our company sit our employee-partners, who are our best representatives. They are in the field every day and help our customers get Ready for the Workday ® . Our people - and the way they bring our Corporate Culture to life day-in and day-out - have ultimately helped define Cintas and what we stand for.

Our goal is to foster a working environment where everyone feels their contributions help empower our collective success. We firmly believe an engaged and fulfilled workforce is a harbinger of our ongoing success and growth.

To help ensure our employee-partners understand how impactful they are to our overall success, we place tremendous importance on treating them fairly and ethically and providing ongoing, meaningful opportunities.

<!-- image -->

We are committed to an overall culture that values the human rights of not only our employee-partners, but also our customers, the communities we serve, and all those in our value chain.

We strive to perpetuate a safe and healthy workplace that encourages and celebrates Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion so our employee-partners have a sense of belonging and purpose while they're on the job at Cintas.

Our goal is to foster a working environment where everyone feels their contributions help empower our collective success.

<!-- image -->

## OUR PEOPLE

'It is important to recognize the potential in every human being. It is important to involve everyone, and to make everyone a confident, contributing member of the team.'

Dick Farmer, The Spirit Is The Difference

Dick Farmer's philosophy continues to inform our approach to our employee-partners: one that prioritizes our employee-partners' needs, incentivizes their success, and supports their ongoing development. We do this with a keen eye on consistency and fairness. Our management system helps guide and inform our interactions with our people and those with whom we do business.

At Cintas, we're fortunate to have almost 43,000 15 employee-partners in the United States and Canada who reflect our corporate character, giving our business an incredibly strong foundation. All our employeepartners are employed on a full-time or part-time basis, helping to create an even deeper connection to our company.

We believe our employee-partners are our best advocates and brand representatives, primarily because they are engaged in and feel fulfilled through their careers.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## TRUSTING, RESPECTFUL, AND SUPPORTIVE MANAGEMENT

Our management philosophy is based on managers and supervisors interacting with our employee-partners every day. We expect our managers to walk around our locations, talk with our employee-partners daily, and maintain an 'open door' to their offices in order to be available to their staff.

We believe these ongoing exchanges facilitate an environment of open communication and help us create strong relationships built on trust and respect.

We also promote world-class safety and health practices throughout our organization. We've been repeatedly recognized and honored for our processes and commitment to safe work environments - most notably with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)'s recognition for workplace safety: the Voluntary Protection Program (VPP).

## EMPOWERING OUR WORKFORCE

We've worked hard to foster an environment where every employee-partner is positioned to use their strengths and talents to help us meet our business goals, and to create a place where they feel supported and championed in pursuit of their professional and personal goals. When our employee-partners are engaged and feel connected to our overall success, we believe they're more likely to remain at Cintas to grow their careers.

## SHARING IN OUR SUCCESS

Because we value our employee-partners and their contributions to our collective success, we share our accomplishments with them. We collectively enjoy ownership in the company we've helped grow through our Employee Stock Ownership Program (ESOP) and profit-sharing. These are components of our threepart Partners Plan, in which every employee-partner is eligible to participate 17  after they have been employed for one year.

In addition to our competitive pay and benefit packages, we have programs to support the physical health and wellness of our employee-partners and their families.

## DEVELOPING AND SUPPORTING OUR FUTURE

We prioritize the growth and development of our employee-partners, and our strong preference is to promote from within. With our diverse businesses and corporate functions, employee-partners can continue growing their careers and experiences with us. The diversity of our jobs also helps us better retain our employee-partners' knowledge and skills so they can continue to make Cintas better and stronger.

The depth and breadth of our Learning &amp; Development offerings help employee-partners attain and refine important knowledge and skills that further support their ongoing career and personal growth. We also facilitate training and certifications as positions require.

We continue to monitor and mentor our workforce and to identify new opportunities for our employee-partners to be influencers on our company and its business through our leadership-development programs.

## ASSOCIATIONS AT CINTAS

We recognize and respect the principles of freedom of association and our employee-partners' right to collective bargaining in accordance with applicable national laws. We adhere to the protocols established by the U.S. National Labor Relations Board and the Canada Labour Relations Program to support our partners' rights to exercise their freedom of association and collective bargaining.

All our employee-partners are vital to our success. We value their opinions and feedback, no matter their role in the company. We are committed to promoting fair labor practices and safe working conditions; providing competitive pay, comprehensive benefits, and ongoing career development opportunities; and maintaining our management philosophy, which not only promotes accountability and employee-partner access but also articulates our ethical expectations.

We hold that all these tenets - and more - have helped us foster and perpetuate a strong, open environment where our employee-partners feel valued, supported, and positioned to thrive. And we believe that this is why, in almost all instances, when our employeepartners have had the opportunity to cast their votes for association in private, government-supervised elections, they've voted against association and union representation. 18

In areas where our employee-partners have voted for union representation, we satisfy our bargaining obligations as defined by the law.

## HUMAN RIGHTS

Cintas respects the value and worth of all human beings. We pride ourselves on our Corporate Culture, and our position on human rights throughout our value chain is a natural extension of those tenets.

Cintas is committed to promoting and upholding the human rights, workplace rights, and workplace safety of our own workforce and the workforces of those entities with whom we conduct business around the world.

Our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics and our other corporate employment practices policies prohibit discrimination or harassment of any employee-partner based on any personal status or human rights protected by law or statute.

We aim to create opportunities for individuals to challenge themselves while working in supportive environments that afford each worker an opportunity for development and advancement.

<!-- image -->

## STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS

In our Vendor Code of Conduct , we support the United Nations and the various legal entities' requirements and laws that establish and promote the fair treatment of all people. Further, this responsibility doesn't just fall on Cintas and its employee-partners: we have the same expectations of our external suppliers, contractors, and business partners.

We know that cultural and societal differences exist throughout the world. Our Vendor Code of Conduct requires our Global Supply Chain Suppliers 19  to meet our standards and requirements to do business with us.

## INTERNATIONAL LABOUR ORGANIZATION CONVENTIONS

The Human Rights Policy in our Vendor Code of Conduct incorporates many key International Labour Organization conventions, including wages and hours; child labor; prison, forced, enslaved, or trafficked labor; discrimination and harassment; and right to organize and workplace freedom.

We also support international human rights principles, including the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP), and the European Convention on Human Rights.

## HOURS AND WAGES

We require that workers be paid at least the legal minimum wage. While we understand that overtime is occasionally necessary to meet production demands, workers must be allowed a reasonable amount of time off from their duties to afford humane and productive working conditions. Further, we expect our Global Supply Chain Suppliers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding working hours, wages, and overtime pay in the countries in which they operate.

## CHILD LABOR

Cintas defines child labor as any work performed by individuals under the age of 16, or those under the compulsory school age defined by the location where work is being performed if that's higher than 16. The use of child labor by Cintas' Global Supply Chain Suppliers is strictly prohibited, and they must only employ workers who meet the minimum age requirements in their area.

## FORCED LABOR

We strictly prohibit the use of prison labor, forced labor, enslaved labor, or trafficked labor. Our Vendor Code of Conduct also prohibits our suppliers from knowingly utilizing or purchasing materials or products manufactured from companies that use these types of labor, or from companies requiring any worker to remain under their employment for any period of time against their will.

We participate in the American Apparel &amp; Footwear Association and Fair Labor Association Commitment to Responsible Recruitment. This requires that no workers pay for their jobs; that workers retain their own travel documents and freedom of movement; and that all workers are informed of the basic terms of their employment before traveling to start employment. Our Global Supply Chain Suppliers are also expected to commit to this.

<!-- image -->

Additionally, in FY'21, we identified Global Supply Chain Suppliers who have been known to conduct business in China and the Eastern Hemisphere. We required them to attest that they do not work with or source from vendors or suppliers in China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.

## COLLECTIVE BARGAINING

We respect our employee-partners' rights to collective bargaining and association. We believe workers must have the right to make an informed decision on these matters; have the right to free, fair, and governmentsupervised elections; and to not be subject to representation that has been adopted unilaterally. We expect our Global Supply Chain Suppliers to also uphold their workers' freedom of association and their rights to organize and collectively bargain.

## AT-RISK LOCATIONS

Cintas has not identified any locations under our operation where our employee-partners' rights to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk. Our Vendor Code of Conduct also requires our Global Supply Chain Supplier operations to respect these conventions.

## MINIMUM NOTICE

In cases where operational changes are set to occur, we make every effort to provide as much notice as possible to our affected operations, given the scope of the imminent changes.

In cases where a Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) is required in the United States, we provide at least the minimum required notice of 60 days to affected operation(s). Our U.S.-based collective bargaining agreements include standard 60-day notification periods as required by law, unless negotiated otherwise for a different length of time.

<!-- image -->

## DIVERSITY, EQUITY &amp; INCLUSION

We seek to foster a diverse workplace where employeepartners of different backgrounds can come together to identify and champion opportunities, all while feeling a sense of equality, inclusion, and belonging. Our Founder, Dick Farmer, stressed every employeepartner's importance to the company - regardless of their position or role. This has been a fundamental belief at Cintas since the beginning.

We've made a committed effort to foster a diverse workforce of employee-partners. We believe our systematic approach to diversity, equity &amp; inclusion (DEI) fosters a greater sense of belonging and purpose for our employee-partners, which further supports our business results. Bringing together employeepartners with different perspectives, life experiences, and backgrounds benefits everyone. Our results and successes are compounded through the increased exchange of perspectives and experiences, and provide a forum for deeper insight, understanding, empathy, and compassion.

## CHAMPIONING DEI

Formal DEI programs at Cintas date back almost 20 years, when then-newly appointed Chief Executive Officer Scott Farmer - now our Executive Chairman - championed Diversity &amp; Inclusion. Scott Farmer not only endorsed and codified Cintas' efforts to expand its workforce diversity, but also introduced DEI metrics as non-financial goals in our executives' annual compensation packages - components which still exist in those packages today.

Fundamentally, we want our workforce to reflect the communities in which we do business. We believe this leads to ideas, solutions, and improved outcomes that better serve our customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders in the long term.

Having a broad range of experiences to lean on also helps us enter new markets and gain new customers. Our diverse workforce helps us better understand how our products and services are viewed, how they meet our customers' needs, and what innovations may benefit our business.

## UPDATING OUR DEI STRATEGY

Our constituents - both internally and externally have shown significant interest in our programs, opportunities, challenges, and progress in DEI, making this area an Impact Priority. In late FY'21, we began an ongoing assessment of our DEI strategy as a component of our overall organizational review.

Following this review, we unveiled an updated DEI strategy in FY'22. Notably, this included the transition of our existing Diversity &amp; Inclusion (D&amp;I) programming under the broader umbrella of our refreshed DEI strategy.

We expanded our dedicated DEI team to help broaden its focus and impact on our overall corporate strategy, and amplified our diverse recruiting, diversity training, and ongoing workforce education.

Todd Schneider - our CEO and President at the start of FY'22 - agreed to the CEO Action for Diversity &amp; Inclusion™ Pledge, which positions Cintas among a wide group of corporate and not-for-profit leaders. This allows the company to collaborate and benchmark with other signatories. His pledge extended Cintas' commitment to CEO Action after Scott Farmer initially signed on in 2015 during his tenure as CEO and Chairman of the Board.

## RECOGNITION FOR OUR EFFORTS

In recent years, our efforts to promote a diverse workforce have been recognized with a host of awards and honors, including:

- Forbes ' 'America's Best Employers for Diversity'
- DiversityPlus Magazine ' s 'T op 30 Champions of Diversity'
- 'Influencer Award' from Autism Speaks
- 'Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion' by Disability Equality Index
- Military Friendly ®  as a Bronze Employer and for Military Friendly Supplier Diversity

## DEI STRATEGY PILLARS

Our updated DEI strategy helps to guide our human resources management and practices, and helps further position DEI priorities in our overall corporate and business strategy. Our updated DEI strategy includes five components that can impact employee-partners throughout their Cintas careers. These are:

- Recruiting
-  Partner Advancement
- Training and Education
- Partner Business Resource Groups
-  DEI Communications

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Recruiting Strategy

We have created a new recruiting structure that places additional emphasis on identifying and recruiting potential employee-partners from underrepresented demographics and experiential groups. This work has initially focused on three key areas: our Management Trainee program, our Advanced Management Partners, and our leadership positions.

We have expanded our team of Campus Talent Acquisition Managers. This has allowed us to further prioritize on-campus recruiting at historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs), members of the Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities (HACU), and other Hispanic-serving institutions.

In March 2022, we joined the HBCU Partnership Challenge, which was formed by the Congressional Bipartisan HBCU Caucus. By joining this group of 94 companies, we've accepted the challenge to form meaningful partnerships with HBCUs and acknowledged that HBCUs are part of our diversity and inclusion efforts.

Our recruiting strategy also includes an ongoing focus on outreach and recruiting efforts to veterans and military-affiliated candidates. This includes identifying opportunities for Junior Military Officers and other commissioned and reserve enlisted candidates.

## Partner Advancement

We have placed additional focus on DEI in our annual succession planning and partner-development cycles. This includes the identification of additional development opportunities for high-potential employee-partners from underrepresented groups, including expanded access to our Executive Leadership Program (ELP) and additional mentorship connections.

Our leadership team is engaged with relevant organizations to help identify hiring and promotion opportunities for employee-partners from underrepresented groups. We also have implemented a new process to further support employee-partners following promotion and transfer interviews, which provide beneficial feedback and action plans to help better position them for future opportunities.

## Training and Education

Our refreshed DEI training curriculum was launched at the start of FY'23. This is required instruction for all managers with direct reports, as well as all Human Resources employee-partners.

Additionally, our Meticulous Hiring curriculum - required for all hiring managers - has been reviewed to include updated DEI priorities and considerations that have been implemented in Cintas' hiring process.

Further curriculum development is underway to develop training courses in unconscious bias and cultural competency. These are expected to become training requirements for various groups of employee-partners, including managers and supervisors.

## Partner Business Resource Groups

Our Partner Business Resource Groups (PBRGs) serve broad employee-partner populations, both at a corporate level and through smaller regional chapters throughout the United States and Canada.

In FY'22, we expanded our PBRG offerings from four to six groups. These are:

-  IMPACT: LGBTQ+ employee-partners and allies (new in FY'22)
- LEAD: Asian and Pacific Islander employee-partners (new in FY'22)
- RISE2: Black/African American employee-partners
-  TODOS: Hispanic and Latin employee-partners
- VALOR: military-affiliated employee-partners
-  WAVE: female employee-partners

The holistic review of our DEI strategy helped identify new opportunities for these groups. Each group transitioned its leadership, and the groups were all assigned goals intended to help better support their members' professional development. This was achieved through focused programming and initiatives, meaningful connections, and productive networking opportunities.

## DEI Communications

Cintas' DEI team also launched an ongoing initiative to regularly communicate to our workforce about our DEI strategy and programming.

Building on established recognition months, cultural holidays, and milestones, the DEI team produced weekly and monthly content series to help our entire workforce become more familiar with Cintas' DEI goals, opportunities, and challenges. This included video messages from executives on their perspectives about DEI and experiences at Cintas, as well as regular features and profiles highlighting our diverse employee-partners.

To reach employee-partners without a computer connection these pieces were also produced in a manner that could be shared directly with frontline partners at the location level.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## WORKFORCE DATA

| CINTAS  CORPORATION  FY'21  PCT  FY'22  PCT  Employee-Partners 23  Total  40,099  100%  42,693  100%  Men  25,723  64.1%  27,471  64.3%  Women  14,376  35.9%  15,222  35.7%  Employment Type  Total Full-Time  39,814  99.3%  42,445  99.4%  Full-Time Men  25,565  63.8%  27,338  64.0%  Full-Time Women  14,249  35.5%  15,107  35.4%  Total Part-Time  285  0.7%  248  0.6%  Part-Time Men  158  0.4%  133  0.3%  Part-Time Women  127  0.3%  115  0.3%  Age Group Breakdown  Under 30  8,115  20.2%  8,689  20.4%  Men Under 30  5,757  14.4%  6,273  14.7%  Women Under 30  2,358  5.9%  2,416  5.7%  30-50  22,051  55.0%  23,146  54.2%  Men 30-50  15,138  37.8%  15,865  37.2%  Women 30-50  6,913  17.2%  7,281  17.0%  Over 50  9,933  24.8%  10,858  25.4%  Men Over 50  4,828  12.0%  5,333  12.5%  Women Over 50  5,105  12.7%  5,525  12.9%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| CINTAS  CORPORATION  FY'21  PCT  FY'22  PCT  EEO-1 Demographic Breakdown of U.S. Workforce 24  White  57.3%  55.8%  Hispanic/Latin  21.1%  21.7%  Black/African American  14.5%  15.2%  Asian  4.1%  4.0%  Two or More Races  2.4%  2.5%  Native American/Alaskan  0.4%  0.4%  Pacific Islander/Hawaiian  0.4%  0.4%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## TALENT RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION

We firmly believe Cintas is an employer of choice in the United States and Canada because of the care and support we offer our employee-partners.

Our preference is to create full-time roles and hire employee-partners on a full-time basis. We offer competitive salaries and wages with an attractive benefits package as well as ongoing opportunities for advancement and career development. We also provide significant opportunities to further champion our employee value proposition to potential - and current employee-partners.

'Cintas is a really, really powerful but incredibly humble - industry leader. It can feel like people don't always know much about us, what we do, and what we offer our employee-partners unless they work here. Our goal is to change that and make sure more recruits know Cintas is an incredible brand and an unbelievable employer.'

David Coe, Vice President of Talent Acquisition

## EXPANDING OUR TEAM

We've invested heavily in our talent pipeline and have created many new full-time jobs to support our company's ongoing and forecasted growth. During FY'22 alone, we expanded our workforce by 6.29%, finishing the year with almost 43,000 employee-partners.

As we continue to grow, we understand the need to better position Cintas among a crowded field of employers, and help our company better stand out to top talent. To facilitate this, we've expanded our Talent and Employment Solutions team, and created a new Vice President of Talent Acquisition role.

This new leader will:

- Champion our efforts to refine our Talent Acquisition strategy
- Identify new, overlooked, or underutilized avenues to source and secure talent to support our growing workforce
- Articulate the company's employee value proposition in new and refreshed manners to better reflect our holistic approach to our employee-partners

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ATTRACTING THE BEST TALENT

To maintain our competitive advantage and generate a diverse and qualified applicant pool, we post our positions both internally and externally across career sites, job boards, and social media platforms. To support our general hiring efforts, we expanded our recruiting efforts by hiring a team of in-house recruiters to specifically target various roles and functions in the United States and Canada.

We continue to leverage external agencies that specialize in specific industries or geographies. Further, we work with a wide group of minorityfocused commerce groups and business organizations around the country to source and recruit applicants for many roles.

## ON-CAMPUS RECRUITING

We use a broad on-campus recruiting network for some of our positions, including our Management Trainee and undergraduate internship programs. We've fostered relationships with many colleges and universities around the United States and Canada - including HBCUs and the HACU.

In FY'22, our corporate recruiting teams participated in almost 1,000 on-campus recruiting events in the United States and Canada. These included career fairs, diversity events, case studies/role play competitions, professional development events (resume reviews, table talks, mock interviews, etc.), and advisory board sessions.

Our internship program is open to undergraduate students and exposes them to all facets of our business. We offer competitive wages, extensive training, and work experience in one area of Cintas, along with the potential to transition directly into our Management Trainee program upon graduation.

We've also developed competitive apprenticeship and shadow programs with a small group of universities. These allow potential applicants the opportunity to learn more about our business from local management employee-partners before applying for positions.

## METICULOUS HIRING

Our hiring managers must complete our Meticulous Hiring curriculum before they evaluate candidates and hire new employee-partners. Our systemic hiring process helps create a consistent recruiting and hiring experience across our organization with documented hiring processes and centralized hiring profiles.

Our hiring process is detailed and leverages a series of introductory and in-depth behavioral interviews, plus job trials when appropriate. This process helps us understand candidates' work experiences and the skills and acumen they may bring to Cintas.

## INTERNAL RECRUITING

Our organizational structure presents opportunities for employee-partners to pursue new work experiences while remaining Cintas employee-partners. Aligning with our strong desire to promote from within whenever possible, individuals can apply for open positions on our website.

Additionally, hiring managers have tools to recruit internally and identify potential team members from our existing workforce. Each year, employee-partners are asked to update their in-depth personal profiles - which include career objectives, skills, and special assignments, among other categories - in our human resource information system. This information is searchable and allows hiring managers to see the entire spectrum of talent at Cintas and source internal candidates who may not otherwise be aware of available opportunities.

## TALENT RETENTION

Approximately 43,000 employee-partners companywide, we have a dynamic and talented workforce. Our goal is to provide employee-partners with opportunities to stay engaged and support their growth and development.

Our competitive salaries and comprehensive benefits are attractive to our partners. But we stand out for our focus on professional development. Further, our Partner Business Resource Groups (PBRGs) are important resources for employee-partners who seek a cultural connection to others at work.

We've evaluated the value proposition of working at Cintas at every stage of an employee-partner's career and in every operational area. We found that our employee-partners value the opportunity to gain new skills, do new jobs more frequently, and grow their careers faster.

## PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT PHILOSOPHY

We offer a flexible path to a long-term meaningful career. We call this our 'career jungle gym.' This distinguishes Cintas from other companies.

At Cintas, we can offer different careers and job opportunities to meet someone's professional needs at every stage of their career, with both lateral and upward opportunities that continue to provide support alongside ongoing company investment in their development. Between our various business divisions, corporate departments, and locations across the United States and Canada, we can provide employee-partners with new opportunities and work experiences. This is a defining characteristic at Cintas and has been a key factor in helping us retain the best talent.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## WORKFORCE RECRUITMENT DATA

| CINTAS  CORPORATION  FY'22  PCT  New Hires: By Gender  Total New Hires  14,933  35.0%  Men  9,728  22.8%  Women  5,205  12.2%  New Hires: By Age  Under 30  5,688  38.1%  Men Under 30  4,082  27.3%  Women Under 30  1,606  10.8%  30-50  7,123  47.7%  Men 30-50  4,634  31.0%  Women 30-50  2,489  16.7%  Over 50  2,122  14.2%  Men Over 50  1,012  6.8%  Women Over 50  1,110  7.4%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## WORKFORCE RETENTION DATA

| CINTAS  CORPORATION  FY'22  PCT  Turnover Performance: By Gender  Total Turnover  11,274  26.4%  Men  7,322  17.1%  Women  3,952  9.3%  Total Turnover Performance: By Age  Under 30  3,624  32.1%  Men Under 30  2,511  22.3%  Women Under 30  1,113  9.9%  30-50  5,914  52.5%  Men 30-50  3,934  34.9%  Women 30-50  1,980  17.6%  Over 50  1,736  15.4%  Men Over 50  877  7.8%  Women Over 50  859  7.6%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

Cintas is proud to offer a competitive, robust compensation package to its employee-partners - both full time and part time. Our standard compensation package includes regular salaries and wages, a comprehensive benefits package, and a generous retirement program.

Cintas and employee-partners share the expense of some components of our benefits package, with the company bearing a large portion of that expense. The company also contributes to its employee-partners' retirement plans.

## SALARIES AND WAGES

Our employee-partners are paid on a weekly basis. We abide by all prevailing employment laws, including federal, state/provincial, and municipal regulations.

U.S.- and Canada-based employee-partners who work in positions that meet the standards and responsibilities required for an exemption are paid their annual salary. Those in non-exempt and/or hourly positions receive overtime payment for time worked above the standard workweek.

For those U.S.-based employee-partners who are paid on an hourly basis, our entry-level minimum wage is at least $15.00 per hour. This figure is adjusted, as necessary, based on work experience, the geographic location of the employee-partner's work facility and/ or other overriding local or state minimum wage requirements. This figure is higher than the current U.S. federal minimum wage for non-tipped employees ($7.25 per hour), which went into effect in 2009. The entry-level minimum wage for our Canadian hourly employee-partners is at least $15.00 CAD per hour and may also be adjusted as necessary.

## PAY EQUITY

Cintas will continue to be an equal opportunity employer. We aim to develop a workforce of diverse talent, and we reward our associates equitably. All personnel decisions, including those relating to pay, are made without regard to race, religion, color, veteran status, national origin, citizenship, gender, sexual orientation or gender identity, age, or disability.

We review our compensation practices annually and leverage outside, third-party consultants to evaluate our overall compensation programs. We also incorporate market and geographic analysis in our annual evaluations.

Our latest annual review continued to confirm that our compensation practices pay our employee-partners equally. This includes the consideration of related factors like position, experience, education and training, Cintas tenure, and geographic location, and applies regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, or other identifying characteristics.

We also use our annual performance review process to consider market factors - like competitiveness and geography changes - and make compensation adjustments, if necessary.

Employee-partners who meet the necessary qualifications are eligible for annual merit increases.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Our executive compensation plan is designed to support the company's Principal Objective to exceed our customers' expectations by maximizing the longterm value of Cintas for its shareholders and working employee-partners. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which is composed of all independent Directors, conducts an annual review of our executive compensation strategy. This includes a review of job functions and a market analysis of executive compensation.

Our executive compensation programs include both fixed and variable payment components, including base salaries, annual cash incentives, annual cash payments, and long-term equity incentives, as well as health, retirement, and other benefits.

Further, the Board of Directors reviews the results of our annual 'say-on-pay' vote for insight into our shareholders' views on our executive compensation. This vote is monitored, and the shareholders' opinions are taken into account. These factors, as well as the program's effectiveness and alignment with the annual review of business practices, are considered when the Compensation Committee reviews changes to the executive compensation program.

To support the goals of this program, the Board has adopted an anti-hedging policy and a claw-back policy. It also has established standards for executive payment upon termination, retirement, and death or disability.

More information about our Board and executive compensation strategy is available in our 2022 Proxy Statement . This includes specific information on the programs, how they are determined and reviewed, our executives' annual compensation goals and performance, and compensation ratios.

## COLLECTIVE REWARDS FOR COMPANY PERFORMANCE

Our compensation plan rewards our employee-partners for the company's overall financial performance and health. The company has established a robust retirement savings and investment program The Partners Plan -which includes three components: a traditional 401(k) account, profit sharing, and an ESOP .

Every employee-partner is eligible to participate in the ESOP and profit sharing after they have completed 1,000 hours of service. Our emphasis on being 'partners' in success means we also collectively enjoy ownership in the company we've helped grow through our ESOP and profit sharing.

Each year, the Board of Directors allocates the company's discretionary contributions to The Partners Plan based on the prior year's financial performance, and those funds are distributed to qualified employee-partners' plans annually.

Additionally, a certain percentage of management-level employee-partners have compensation plans that include components tied to the company's annual and long-term performance and individually defined performance goals for initiatives like safety and leadership development.

## EMPLOYEE-PARTNER BENEFITS

All full-time and part-time employee-partners can enroll in our comprehensive benefits program, and they can decide to enroll in the entire program or choose components a la carte.

Employee-partners become eligible for most contributory benefit options after 30 days of employment, while our retirement package has different eligibility criteria.

Our benefits program seeks to support our employeepartners' holistic health, including their physical health, mental health, and financial health, and includes:

- Health insurance plans, including medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision components
- The Partners' Plan, including retirement savings options with a company match, and other company contributions
- Retirement savings and company contributions
- Paid time off
- Paid leave
- Flexible spending
- Health savings accounts
- Disability coverage
- Basic life insurance

We also offer free programs designed to support healthy living, preparing for parenthood, and commuting expenses.

## Medical and Health Insurance Programs

Cintas provides employee-partners with access to multiple medical insurance plans, along with prescription drug, dental, and vision insurance coverage.

U.S.-based employee-partners can choose to participate in a selection of national health care plans that offer varying levels and combinations of co-pays, deductibles, and out-of-pocket expenses, including a free health insurance option. Canada-based employee-partners can elect to participate in Cintas-provided medical insurance plans that supplement the country's universal health care system.

Employee-partners may also elect to open a Health Care Flexible Spending Account or Health Savings Account with eligibility based on their medical plan elections. These savings plans allow employee-partners to put pre-tax dollars aside for medical co-payments, prescription co-pays, deductible payments, and other eligible health care expenses.

<!-- image -->

Our employee-partners can reduce their health insurance contributions by participating in confidential annual personal health evaluations and health screening, including basic preventive blood tests.

For many years, we've offered our Live Well program and encouraged our employee-partners to make progress on their health and wellness journeys. The company provides a free annual biometric screening, free annual flu vaccines, free COVID-19 vaccines, and access to free tobacco-cessation and discounted weight-loss programs. Further, our Employee Assistance Program provides complimentary access to counseling for mental health, legal, and financial issues.

Cintas provides alternative benefit programs to our employee-partners whose benefits packages are negotiated separately through their respective collective bargaining agreements.

## Plan Offerings

Cintas offers four different health and medical plan options to support a broad range of personal situations. These include plans that cover the employee-partner only, the employee-partner and their spouse, the employee-partner and their child(ren), and the employee-partner and their spouse and child(ren).

Our plans also cover married same-sex domestic partners and grandfathered unmarried same-sex domestic partners who were covered by their employeepartners' plans before January 1, 2021, when a spousal requirement was implemented.

## PARTNERS PLAN AND RETIREMENT SUPPORT

Our employee-partners are eligible for The Partners Plan, a three-part retirement program including a traditional 401(k) investment account, ESOP , and profit sharing. After three months of service, all employeepartners are automatically enrolled in our 401(k) program. Employee-partners can adjust their percentage of contribution any time before or after enrollment.

Based on eligibility, 22  company matching contributions are allocated up to the first 10% of employee-partners' contributions to their 401(k) accounts. Employeepartners' own 401(k) contributions are vested immediately, while the company's contributions fully vest after five years.

Cintas also makes annual discretionary contributions to employee-partners' individual retirement accounts in the form of profit sharing and its ESOP . Contributions are approved by the Board of Directors based on the company's financial performance and are distributed based on a point system weighted by an employeepartner's company tenure and compensation.   Both contributions are made automatically and fully vest after five years at Cintas.

Since FY'15, Cintas has increased its annual discretionary contributions. From FY'21 to FY'22, Cintas increased its contributions into the U.S. Partners Plan from $73 million to $85 million. Cintas also contributed $4.3 million to its Canadian profit sharing and Registered Retirement Savings Plan.

Of tenure-eligible employee-partners, 100% participate in the Partners Plan, while our associated workers' participation rates in their designated 401(k) plans range from 34% to 60%.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## DEFINED-BENEFIT PROGRAMS

A select number of our employee-partners covered by collective bargaining agreements have other retirement programs in place that Cintas supports, including a defined benefit plan that requires employer-partner participation if eligible.

Additionally, a limited number of partners who remain at Cintas after joining the company through an acquisition are also beneficiaries of defined benefit plans established by their previous companies. Those plans have been frozen and are no longer accruing benefits, but the impacted employee-partners are eligible for The Partners Plan to augment the defined plan benefits later due to them.

More information about the assets and liabilities of Cintas' existing defined benefits plans is available in our FY'22 Cintas Form 10-K.

## PAID TIME OFF AND LEAVE

Cintas offers employee-partners several paid time off (PTO) and leave benefits to both enjoy time away from work and attend to personal matters.

## Paid Time Off

All employee-partners are eligible for PTO, which is classified as vacation in Canada. The amount of time employee-partners are eligible to receive each year is based on their Cintas tenure and job classification. PTO allocations for part-time employee-partners are adjusted based on their standard hours worked.

On June 1, each employee-partner is credited with a full year's worth of PTO, and the total hours credited are based on the year of service they will attain that year. Additionally, employee-partners may carry over a portion of their prior year's unused PTO. New employee-partners receive credit for PTO, prorated based on their start date, on their first day of work.

The company provides an additional seven paid holidays (office closures) to U.S.-based employeepartners and a minimum of seven paid holidays for Canada-based employee-partners, including New Year's Day and Christmas Day. In the United States, Memorial Day, Fourth of July, Labor Day, and Thanksgiving are also paid holidays. Employee-partners are also afforded an additional day of PTO for their birthdays.

Employee-partners are also eligible for additional bereavement pay, jury duty and witness pay, and sick pay.

## Maternity and Parental Leave

Cintas has a parental leave policy for all U.S.-based employee-partners that encompasses maternity leave, as well as parental leave.

Maternity leave is available to employee-partners who meet the eligibility for short-term disability leave after giving birth to a child. Employee-partners on maternity leave are eligible for six weeks of 100% pay. Those employee-partners who have been approved for a maternity leave longer than six weeks are also eligible for short-term disability pay; they may use PTO in lieu of short-term disability if they wish.

Eligible U.S.-based employee-partners may also take unpaid leave through the Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA). Cintas affords employee-partners a total of 16 weeks of unpaid leave under FMLA (which runs concurrently with paid maternity leave). In addition to FMLA leave, employee-partners may take two weeks of unpaid parental leave, which is a two-week leave that can be utilized if they need time off to care for a newborn or adopted child.

Canada-based employee-partners are eligible for at least 16 weeks of parental leave, as mandated by their respective federal and provincial policies.

## OTHER BENEFITS

Cintas provides a host of other benefits, including basic life/accidental death and dismemberment (AD&amp;D) insurance to all employee-partners at no cost, as well as voluntary life/AD&amp;D insurance, spouse life/AD&amp;D insurance, child life/AD&amp;D insurance, and business travel accident coverage. Employee-partners are also eligible for short-term disability and long-term disability coverage.

U.S.-based employee-partners can also elect to open a Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account which allows parents or caregivers to direct pre-tax dollars to pay for eligible dependent expenses like day-care or after-school program costs.

We also offer to our U.S.-based employee-partners a commuter program to assist employee-partners who use public transportation to work or those who must pay for parking. This program allows them to purchase bus or train tickets or parking permits with pre-tax dollars.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## PERFORMANCE AND ADVANCEMENT

Our business relies on the passion, expertise, and the dedication of our people, and our commitment to their career development is vital to our company's success.

Each year, we undertake a holistic approach to our employee-partners' performance and advancement. This supports our immediate company and personnel goals and helps position our employee-partners to maximize their performance at Cintas, both today and throughout their careers.

## ANNUAL PERFORMANCE REVIEWS

Corporate policy requires that every employee-partner partake in an annual review of their performance with their supervisor.

## Salaried Partners

For salaried partners, the review process includes both a self-assessment and a manager assessment of their performance against their business goals and developmental targets.

Additionally, salaried employee-partners and their managers agree on new objectives for the coming year. These typically include two or three measurable business goals along with individual development plans.

Managers have access to a wide selection of developmental tools and resources to help employeepartners improve in many different areas of leadership and other skills, including emotional intelligence, public speaking, delegation, and conflict resolution.

The performance review process also serves as a platform for potential compensation adjustments through merit increases, market adjustments, promotions, and position or responsibility changes.

## Hourly Partners

Hourly employee-partners and their managers must also meet annually to review the employeepartners' performance, as well as ongoing goals and expectations.

These discussions also include conversations around compensation changes, as well as the employeepartners' career progression, including promotional and training opportunities and position and responsibility changes.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SUCCESSION PLANNING

Succession planning is an integral part of our business that happens at every level of our company as part of our annual performance review process.

Succession planning at Cintas is designed to provide a human capital road map for the company for the next three to five years. The process provides leadership with a detailed analysis of our people and their skills, capabilities, professional interests, and goals. The process is detailed and deliberate, requiring time, attention, and careful consideration from our managers and executives alike.

our annual review process and succession planning help identify skill and knowledge opportunities. For the company, the results of this comprehensive process factor into both short- and long-term training and development planning, as well as our recruiting strategy - for both internal candidate development and external candidate sourcing.

Succession planning also helps us identify and develop the company's future leaders. Once an employeepartner is identified as having high potential or aptitude, they are offered additional resources and opportunities specifically developed to continue their accelerated career path at Cintas.

In addition to identifying leadership potential within our organization, it also helps us detect potential knowledge or skill gaps that have developed within the last year as our leadership tree evolves. For employee-partners,

Employee-partners also maintain updated personal information about their background, education, awards and honors, interests, skills, and other professional

## EMPLOYEE-PARTNER DEVELOPMENT CYCLE

Our commitment to and investment in meaningful professional development is intentional and designed to help employee-partners enhance performance, achieve goals, and progress in their careers. It's also intended to set up the company for ongoing success.

We are committed to Cintas' holistic sustainability, and a key component of that is to identify and develop our company's next generation of leaders and employeepartners who are poised to lead us into the future.

Our Employee-Partner Development Cycle helps ensure that our organizational 'talent bench' is stocked, positioned for great success and achievement - both professionally and personally - and well prepared to best support our company's future.

The Employee-Partner Development Cycle is an ongoing process with all steps continuously linked together. The yearly cycle begins with annual performance reviews, and continues with discussions about business and development goals, succession planning, and six-month progress checks.

The cycle is supported by ongoing, year-round touchpoints with managers and supervisors about employee-partner progress and company priorities, as well as our other talent-development platforms like our individualized Learning &amp; Development (L&amp;D) learning plans and curriculums, mentoring program, leadership training and executive connections, and our PBRGs.

preferences, including their willingness to relocate for a new role. This gives managers and supervisors deeper insight into employee-partners already within the company as positions open or promotions or role changes are considered.

In addition to our performance review program, Cintas management leads an annual succession planning process. In FY'22, leadership reviewed and discussed the succession plans for more than 70% of management-level employee-partners.

More information about our succession planning and talent development for our CEO and other executive officers is available in our Corporate Governance Guidelines.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

Training and development - as well as an employeepartner's growth resulting from ongoing professional development - is a major component of our career development process at Cintas, including succession planning.

Ongoing training and development are major components of a Cintas employee-partner's career path. Each year, throughout the Employee-Partner Development Cycle, managers and employee-partners discuss skills and competencies that can be further established and enhanced. Specific development tracks available to help the employee-partner close gaps in their individual competencies or help them acquire new knowledge or skills needed for career growth are shared during this process.

Every position has a required curriculum or learning plan that includes specific trainings and/or certifications, which Cintas provides and facilitates at no charge to the employee-partner. At the close of FY'22, there were almost 660 different learning plans created and associated with each of the company's existing job codes.

In addition to Cintas' internal training programs, the company makes available a wealth of general skill, proficiency, and aptitude courses and learnings to employee-partners from third-party and independent resources at no cost to employee-partners.

In FY'22, Cintas employee-partners accumulated more than 865,000 hours of documented training through Cintas' Learning &amp; Development (L&amp;D) Department's online portal, averaging more than 17 hours of training per Cintas employee-partner.

## TRAINING AND CERTIFICATIONS

Frontline partners receive continual training in a variety of areas specific to their positions, including safety training and awareness, position and process certifications, and professional certifications. These may include Cintas' award-winning certification program for maintenance employee-partners, as well as other federal or state certifications required for specific positions.

Employee-partners in our Rental, First Aid &amp; Safety, and Fire Protection divisions all have division-specific training curricula to keep them up to date on the latest product and service offerings. They also have specific safety and business trainings to increase their functional knowledge of the nuances in their respective business lines.

Our field partners undergo a rigorous training curriculum early on in their Cintas careers, and this program continues as they prepare for each new role at the company.

Each of our divisions also trains and certifies its employee-partners for various roles in its organization, including our Service and Sales Representatives

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

(SSRs), Sales Managers, Service Managers, Production Supervisors, Production Managers, and General Managers. Each of these training and certification programs lasts several weeks and provides additional knowledge and background for employee-partners preparing for, or just entering, these roles.

All production partners who work in our Rental plants and distribution centers undergo a lengthy safety training curriculum that includes functional and necessary training and awareness coursework to help them perform their jobs in a safe, healthy environment.

Employee-partners who drive Cintas vehicles and those who participate in the company's personal vehicle lease-back program must participate in a year-round Smith System ®  safe-driving program. This 12-part program provides ongoing safety training, and those lessons are reinforced with our fleet drivers through monthly live driving assessments with a certified Smith System trainer.

## PROFESSIONAL AND DEVELOPMENT TRAINING

Our L&amp;D group offers a broad range of trainings, seminars, and learning modules to help employeepartners learn or further develop skills and enhance their knowledge. While employee-partners are assigned annual curricula based on their current jobs, the full catalog of course offerings is available to most employee-partners who wish to expand their knowledge base or skill sets.

These are generally taught by trained Cintas Human Resources and L&amp;D staff, as well as other employeepartners who are specifically trained and certified to teach different topics and trainings to fellow Cintas employee-partners.

## COURSE OFFERINGS

The L&amp;D team facilitates a range of department- and division-specific learning opportunities as new products, initiatives, and campaigns are rolled out. Its centralized learning portal gives employee-partners access to the information in a consolidated and convenient manner and allows them to learn more about our business.

Management-track employee-partners take additional class-based training sessions so they are better positioned to lead and manage at Cintas. New managers, or employee-partners who have demonstrated leadership or management potential, can also enroll in training courses that help them effectively manage their locations. In addition, these employeepartners can also participate in division-specific bootcamps to gain the knowledge they need to lead other employee-partners to success.

## INSTRUCTIONAL FORMATS

L&amp;D trainings are offered in a variety of formats, including immersive, multiple-day, in-person sessions; full-day or half-day seminars; live virtual classes, and online training-on-demand (TOD) modules. These sessions bring employee-partners together from across the United States and Canada. Most of the multipleday classes have historically been taught in person at the company's corporate headquarters located just outside Cincinnati.

The onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in the spring of 2020 forced much of the L&amp;D catalog to be reimagined so instruction could continue remotely and online, either as live virtual classes or as TODs. Because of the program's success in reaching, engaging, and instructing employee-partners through virtual class offerings, the L&amp;D team continues to offer many of its non-core course offerings through virtual means.

To help attendees interact with fellow employeepartners both in and outside the classroom the L&amp;D team has also begun offering key, multiple-day courses in the curriculum exclusively through in-person sessions.

## OTHER DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES

Beyond formal training and certifications, we offer and facilitate other opportunities for employee-partners to gain further insight, experience, and support on the job. These include our Management Trainee program, our ELP, and our mentor program. Additionally, we offer six PBRGs that support our employee-partners in all stages of their careers.

## Management Trainee Program

Many of our top leaders began their careers in our Management Trainee (MT) program. Our Executive Chairman, Scott Farmer, was a member of the very first class of MTs in 1982. President and CEO Todd Schneider and our First Aid &amp; Safety President and Chief Operating Officer, Mark Carter, are also program graduates. Overall, 21 employee-partners currently in a Vice President role, equivalent role, or higher are graduates of our MT program.

Management Trainees at Cintas are typically hired upon graduation from college, but some recruits have some post-graduate work experience already. Our robust campus recruiting program identifies potential MT candidates each year, and the program helps create a sustainable leadership pipeline for the company.

MTs gain the skills, tools, and knowledge they need to succeed at Cintas through on-the-job training, with an intensive, hands-on rotation through many areas of our company, including Sales, Service, Production, Operations, and Administration. They also have an extensive training curriculum that gives them a wide background of our entire organization, including each business division.

At the end of the 15-month program, Cintas works with trainees to place them in full-time positions, which usually include field sales or service positions and then management roles. This progression of responsibilities helps accelerate their career paths.

The MT class that entered the program in FY'22 comprises 251 members, including 32% women and 21% with diverse backgrounds.

<!-- image -->

## Executive Leadership Program

We launched our ELP in 2015 to help identify and increase the pool of diverse employee-partners best qualified to fill our mid-management positions. This includes corporate Director-level department heads and General Manager roles at our locations across the organization.

Initially, one ELP class was conducted annually, exposing about 25 employee-partners a year to the advanced curriculum. In 2021, we began running two concurrent sessions and increased participation to 35-40 employeepartners per year.

The goal of the 10-month program is to further enhance participants' leadership skills, Cintas business knowledge, and visibility to our company's top leaders at a key stage of their management careers. Participants are nominated by company leaders.

The ELP includes regular sessions with company leaders to discuss career paths and trajectories, leadership philosophies, and general business strategies. The L&amp;D Organizational Development Team, in coordination with company executives, has created three unique leadership seminars for the ELP .

Each participant also works directly with an executive mentor during the program for additional one-onone advice. Program participants undertake a 360° assessment and receive personalized feedback as part of their ongoing development. Overall, more than 150 employee-partners have graduated from our ELP. Women represent more than 45% of program graduates, while more than 40% of graduates are from diverse backgrounds. At the start of FY'23, more than 20 who were in General Manager or corporate Directorlevel positions are ELP graduates.

## Mentoring

Cintas is an advocate of professional mentoring, and it forms a universal element of our development strategy.

Our mentorship philosophy maintains that mentormentee relationships should be professional and situationally based, and that the mentee's current development needs are focused upon. We feel strongly that when a formal mentoring process is followed, the mentee receives the greatest benefits from the relationship.

Much consideration goes into creating mentorship relationships. We work to best position mentors to guide their mentees on their current career path and help them obtain the necessary skills, knowledge, professional relationships, and insight to take the next steps in their careers. Mentor-mentee relationships are formed to support professional goals.

Mentoring is a key component of our succession planning and has provided tremendous returns in helping develop our current and future leaders. We believe each unique mentor-mentee relationship should have a specific and defined purpose, as well as objectives, goals, and outcomes.

We also offer formal training to our new mentors. This means they enter the program with a strong understanding of the process, its application, and when to recognize that a mentor-mentee relationship has come to its natural end.

Employee-partners may be paired with a mentor to help assist acclimation to a new role or department, or to help seed relationships in a complementary discipline. Employee-partners often begin with one mentor, and then change mentors as they develop in their roles, change positions, or advance in leadership. The cycle continues when they become mentors themselves and guide newer employee-partners starting their Cintas careers. Most members of our leadership team continue to mentor employee-partners and are trusted to dedicate their time and attention to our company's next generation of leaders.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SPOTLIGHT

## PBRG s : SUPPORTING PARTNER DEVELOPMENT

Our Partner Business Resource Groups (PBRGs), Cintas' workplace affinity groups, are an important element in our overall human resources and human capital strategy.

Cintas has established six PBRGs to support specific groups of employee-partners. These include IMPACT for our LGBTQ+ community and their allies, LEAD for our partners from Asian and Pacific Island (API) heritages; RISE2 for our Black and African American employee-partners; TODOS for our Hispanic and Latin employee-partners; VALOR for our veteran and military-affiliated employee-partners; and WAVE for our female employee-partners.

IMPACT and LEAD were created in 2022 in response to our company's growing employeepartner populations and their appetite for groupbased, collaborative development resources.

PBRGs provide members with outlets to lend their voices and perspectives, and with spaces where they can share experiences and support one another. They also provide a platform for management to hear from our employee-partners directly about the issues that matter most to them. It's a two-way dialogue that we believe benefits everyone.

## CAREER DEVELOPMENT

Our PBRG missions not only align with our business objectives and help us secure continued competitiveness, but also provide a platform for our employee-partners to grow and connect with partners from similar backgrounds.

While our mentor program is built on skill- and jobbased criteria, our PBRGs are based on common backgrounds and shared experiences. We also believe that the PBRGs give our employee-partners a louder voice, additional leadership opportunities, and greater access to management.

PBRG leadership, past and present, is active and visible throughout our organization. Employeepartners who accept PBRG leadership roles including president, vice president, and committee assignments - are actively engaged with a broad cross-section of our company, from the field all the way up to the executive offices. Many of our PBRGs also have field chapters that help bring the goals and ambitions of formalized development to employee-partners throughout the United States and Canada. This helps to promote stronger connections to our corporate development strategy and goals, and makes connections between employee-partners across our company who may not otherwise have the chance to cross paths.

Our PBRGs have gained national attention. For example, TODOS - our PBRG to support our Hispanic and Latin employee-partners - is a twotime finalist (2020 and 2021) in the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Annual Conference's ERG (Employee Resource Group) Challenge.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## EMPLOYEEPARTNER ENGAGEMENT

We believe that our employee-partners reach their full potential in an inclusive environment, and that they do their best work when they are highly engaged with the company and their fellow employee-partners.

As a service provider, we've seen the benefit of an engaged and fulfilled workforce, and what it means for our customers. Further, academic and industry research has proven the direct connection between employee loyalty and engagement on crucial company performance indicators such as customer loyalty, return on investment, and financial performance.

We monitor the general engagement of our workforce through surveys to stay abreast of our employeepartners' current attitudes and opinions. We then review the results and identify adjustments that can help drive deeper engagement. We partner with Willis Towers Watson (WTW) to administer those engagement surveys.

Our surveys include corporate- and location-based questions to help gauge our employee-partners' feelings about the company as a whole and their specific worksites.

After the surveys are completed, WTW analyzes and evaluates the data with focuses on both the corporate and location level, and provides our management team with the results. Once the results are delivered, company leadership develops cooperative action plans with both corporate department and location management teams to address opportunities identified by the survey results.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

In the Fall of 2022, we launched our most recent company-wide engagement survey. The anonymous, 26-question survey took employee-partners approximately 10 minutes to complete.

Since our last survey, which was administered in 2018, the world has changed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We recognize those changes and that new challenges and opportunities now face the company, our employee-partners, and the workforce. This year's survey reflected those changes and set out with six main goals:

1. Understand our current culture in the context of internal and external influences since 2019
2.  Measure our employee-partners' level of engagement and what we can do to impact engagement
3.  Better understand what may attract and retain employee-partners to Cintas
4.  Measure progress in focus areas identified in the 2019 survey
5.  Equip leaders and managers with insight to take relevant and meaningful local action
6.  Discover how we can position ourselves for future success

At the time of this report's preparation, data and findings from the 2022 engagement survey were not yet available. We anticipate publishing information about our 2022 survey in our 2023 ESG Report. Prior survey results are outlined in Cintas' 2021 ESG Report.

Our next survey is currently slated to occur in 2024 and we expect to administer surveys bi-annually in the future.

<!-- image -->

## SAFETY AND HEALTH

Safety has always been important to us - it's part of our desire to run our company ethically and to support the work our employee-partners do on our behalf. We prioritize an organization-wide culture of safety that constantly innovates better and safer ways to work, continually emphasizes best practices, and recognizes ongoing improvements in our practices and performance.

We're exceptionally proud of Cintas' reputation for our world-class management of - and innovation in employee-partner safety and health. It's a commitment that's embedded deep within our culture and is also spelled out in our ambitious Safety Vision.

With the added focus on safety for nearly the last 15 years, we've lowered our incident rates dramatically, creating, hand in hand with our employee-partners, a safer workplace. Involving our frontline workers has been vital to these efforts.

## OUR SAFETY VISION

We developed our Safety Vision in 2008 and it continues to serve as the touchstone for our efforts and programs promoting safer and healthier workplaces. It expresses our ambition that:

- Every Cintas location is injury-, illness-, and fire-free
- Every partner is engaged in continually improving safety
- Cintas is widely recognized as one of the world's leaders in safety and health performance

<!-- image -->

## OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Our Cintas Health and Safety Management System (CHSMS) is modeled after the ISO 45001 and OSHA VPP safety and health management systems. It's been developed to identify hazards and safety concerns; implement safer processes and improvements; and monitor our organization for safetyenhancement opportunities.

Our CHSMS system applies to all Cintas employeepartners, contractors, vendors, and visitors at our facilities, as well traveling to and from - and working at - our customer locations. Our CHSMS also complements our Corporate Culture, fulfilling deeper employee-partner engagement, buy-in, participation and accountability.

Programs in our CHSMS are based on relevant international, federal, and local laws and regulations; applicable standards, including the American National Standards Institute (ANSI), The CSA Group (formerly the Canadian Standards Association), and the International Organization for Standardization (ISO); and technical body directives and guidelines from the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), OSHA, the Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety, and the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work.

## ANNUAL CHSMS EVALUATIONS

Our CHSMS is evaluated annually and incorporates evolving standards, emerging best practices, and feedback from our organization, as well as an analytical profile of our performance outcomes to our performance tracking.

Our CHSMS uses the 'Cintas 7 Keys' assessment tool to evaluate and measure each location's safety and health progress and performance. The tool was developed after identifying the safety performance traits that support organizations with world-class safety and health programs.

<!-- image -->

The Cintas 7 Keys evaluate:

## 1. Leadership engagement

Engaged leaders prioritize safety and make the achievement of safety excellence possible. Partners emulate the safety leadership and engagement exhibited by their leaders.

2. Frontline employee-partner engagement Engagement is essential to achieve safety excellence. Frontline employee-partners are consulted in the development of the CHSMS, and participate in the processes to plan, support, operate, and continually evaluate its effectiveness.

3. Hazard and incident prevention By identifying and trying to eliminate hazards and incidents, we get closer to our vision of an injuryfree workplace.

## 4. Safety responsiveness

Our collective response to an injury, near miss or safety hazard helps underscore the importance of safety at a location.

## 5. Organizational culture

How a location fosters and grows employee-partner engagement and effectiveness can affect employeepartners' collective care for one another - which is an important part of a strong safety program.

6. Safety programs and compliance exercises to demonstrate understanding and use of

Our CHSMS incorporates compliance audits in safety and health, transportation, and driver safety, including employee-partner competency safer practices.

## 7. Safety training and resource allocation

We support and encourage ongoing training by allocating resources to improve safety and health.

After a location is evaluated, it develops a Safety and Health Business Plan, including annual goals, against which it is assessed for its response to action items.

<!-- image -->

## COMMITMENT TO VPP

Our commitment to OSHA's VPP Program has set a new standard for U.S. companies. A total of 127 Cintas sites were recognized by OSHA as VPP Star certified as of September 2022, a total that outpaces every American company.

We believe in the program and support OSHA's mission to recognize companies that prioritize the safety and health of their employees.

The VPP certification process is rigorous. Businesses must demonstrate that management and employees work cooperatively - and proactively - to prevent workplace accidents. They must display a joint commitment to hazard prevention and control, perform ongoing analysis, and implement effective training programs. Every location that earns VPP certification must provide OSHA with annual detailed reports outlining their safety and health process improvements. These locations must also undergo a rigorous on-site audit by OSHA and third-party assessors every three to five years to maintain their certification.

We're honored to dedicate such time and resources to pursue VPP Star certifications across our organization and maintain our certifications once we achieve them.

NOTE: The numbers appearing in the orange pins represent the number of VPP Star Certified locations in each locale.

<!-- image -->

## ONGOING MONITORING

Safety and health are ongoing commitments at Cintas, and every level of the organization participates in these efforts.

Locations self-assess against safety and health protocols and undergo routine evaluations by our corporate Safety and Health team. Employee-partners who are certified Smith System Evaluators conduct quarterly driver assessments by riding a route with a driver. The results of these assessments must be verified by the location's General Manager each month.

To ensure we continually focus on improving our safety journey, each of our business divisions holds regular meetings with our Safety and Health team. These are supported at each location level by routine assessments to evaluate safety and health operations and work on action items from the location's Cintas 7 Keys assessment.

## EMPLOYEE-PARTNERS CENTRAL TO IDENTIFYING CONCERNS

A key element of our safety and health success is our employee-partners' continued personal investment in our journey. Safety is truly a team effort at Cintas, and has helped us create a deeper, more direct connection with our people.

While they are on the job, our employee-partners are trained to identify risks and issues in their work area and to report issues immediately. Further, they are trained to not perform dangerous work or work in conditions that could cause injury or harm. They are also coached to report near misses.

Field locations have a designated Safety and Improvement Committee which includes trained employee-partners from across the location's departments, as well as the local management team.

<!-- image -->

## AWARENESS, TRAINING, AND DEVELOPMENT

Employee-partners are trained in more than 50 safety and health topics each year - offered in-person or online, or available on-demand - with specific trainings assigned by job and work scope. They are then evaluated by written, verbal, or skill-based assessments, and their progress is monitored and reviewed. Training and evaluations are conducted by locally based corporate or third-party instructors, depending on the topic. Some select training sessions - such as electrical and driver safety - are taught by external experts.

The training is reinforced with signage and posters designed in the predominant languages at our field locations, displayed throughout our facilities.

Most of our training curriculum has been designed in cooperation with industry experts and focuses on situations specific to Cintas. These include the Cintas Maintenance Safety Certification, which was recognized by the International Maintenance Conference in 2017 and 2019. All maintenance and engineering employeepartners must successfully complete the written and performance test to earn certification.

Safe driving is imperative at Cintas. Through our partnerships, we offer enhanced driver training, on-the-road evaluations, and driver drills to better coach and assess driving skills. To reinforce our safedriving policies, our executive leaders deliver regular reminders about safe-driving practices as we strive to be recognized as a top performer by the Network of Employers for Traffic Safety.

Our Cintas Ergonomics training was designed with the Cintas culture of engagement and specific hazards in mind. It has been recognized by the International Ergonomics Association and has resulted in doubledigit decreases in ergonomics-related injuries for two consecutive years.

Our frontline employee-partners are not the only ones who undergo rigorous safety and health training. Our Safety and Health team managers are required to attend OSHA's 10-hour Safety Improvement course and Management Safety Leadership Skills course - which is featured in the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health safety and health curriculum.

## OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH INITIATIVES

Our goal of supporting a workforce of healthy, engaged employee-partners also includes programming and benefits around physical and mental health. Cintas employee-partners are eligible for our benefits package, which includes a host of medical insurance programs and health-focused offerings, as well as other programs to support our employee-partners' financial, career, and community health.

In addition to job-specific training required by their roles, our field employee-partners also receive ongoing education and awareness training in a variety of topics, including nutrition, flexibility, fitness, performing in extreme temperatures, and hydration.

Cintas locations partner with local third-party medical and wellness providers to enhance our employeepartners' knowledge and help locations minimize and eliminate risks. They also support work accommodation requests and help monitor return-to-work programs and requirements.

Our award-winning Ergonomics team, recognized by OSHA and the International Ergonomics Association, supports our workforce to help identify solutions that can reduce occupational injuries like strains and sprains. Ergonomics evaluations and training are available to all employee-partners, and palliative accommodations are provided to employee-partners with appropriate documentation.

In 2019, our Ergonomics program was recognized with the VPP Participants' Association, Inc.'s Innovation Award for our unique and successful approach to designing and implementing a corporate Ergonomics program that focuses on our frontline partners' ideas and solutions to join our problem-solving efforts.

In FY'22, our corporate Ergonomics team helped our Rental organization save more than 773 million motions - and helped reduce susceptibility to repetitiveuse musculoskeletal injuries - though the use of more than 3,000 ergonomic solution integrations across the division.

As the pandemic continued into its third year, we continued to update our COVID-19 Preparedness Plan with ongoing Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Health Canada, and OSHA advisories and related publications as guidance.

On top of maintaining enhanced cleaning protocols at our facilities and locations, implemented at the start of the pandemic, employee-partners also perform daily health assessments and are expected to maintain elevated personal hygiene and hand-washing practices. As necessary and as based on federal guidance, they also wear masks in public and shared areas, socially distance, and adhere to capacity reductions in public and shared areas.

<!-- image -->

## OPERATIONALIZING SAFETY AND HEALTH

Our Safety and Health team isn't just focused on our employee-partners' daily routines. It consults a broad range of corporate and support departments with evaluations of new equipment reviews and installations, as well as our process-efficiency developments.

The innovations and developments our Safety and Health team has worked with key suppliers and vendors to develop and implement include:

- The Safeload system for safer, more ergonomic handling of soiled laundry into and out of vehicles
- The patented Graceport device for safe electrical maintenance
- Contractor safety qualification processes
- Our Tag-In, Tag-Out wash-alley safety system for safer access to industrial laundry equipment

Further, at the request of the Honduran government, we helped the country establish a set of national workplace safety and health standards, and we were the first workplace in Honduras to receive the 'Safe Company with Safe Work' designation.

## SHARING OUR SAFETY KNOWLEDGE

Our dedication to raising world-class safety and health standards doesn't stop at our doors. Members of our award-winning Safety and Health team regularly offer ongoing education sessions at conferences and symposiums around the world, and serve on influential professional boards, panels, and committees.

## WORK-RELATED INJURIES AND ILLNESS

Cintas tracks the total number of injuries suffered by our employee-partners while on the job, as well as fatalities suffered because of work-related injury. Incidents are investigated and recorded, including near misses and driver incidents, and trends are tracked and reviewed weekly. On-the-job injuries have generally resulted from lifting, lacerations, pulling and pushing motions, repetitive motions, and vehicular incidents.

Work-related illnesses are also tracked, and those findings are included in weekly tracking. On-the-job illnesses are generally due to heat or extreme temperatures, disorders associated with repeated trauma/motion, or reactions to allergens while on the job.

## SAFETY AND HEALTH DATA

| CINTAS CORPORATION  FY'19  FY'20  FY'21  FY'22  Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR)  2.17  1.79  1.72  1.61  Days Away, Restricted, or Transferred (DART)  1.44  1.19  1.20  0.87  Lost Time Injury Rate (LTIR)  0.58  0.46  0.60  0.41  Work-Related Illnesses  24  9  3  3  Fatalities  0  0  0  1*  Hours Worked  91,270,940  87,899,328  77,795,740  82,856,412   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  The fatality was the result of a vehicular chain-reaction accident on a highway where a tractor trailer collided with another tractor trailer from behind at high speed, which triggered a chain reaction including a Cintas vehicle that was stopped or slowed in traffic. Our employee-partner driving the Cintas vehicle suffered fatal injuries from the impact.

<!-- image -->

Each business division conducts regular safety and health meetings, which include a review of the company's work-related injuries and trends, as well as corrective actions.

Cintas' injury and illness rate is far better than the averages for our industry. In 2021 - the last available calendar year of industry data - Cintas' total injury rate was 1.54 to TRSA's industry-wide average of 3.2. During the year, we sadly recorded one fatality, which was suffered in an auto accident caused by another driver.

<!-- image -->

## SPOTLIGHT

## ERGO EXCELLENCE

Our award-winning Ergonomics program helps our employee-partners perform their jobs in a safer and more efficient manner. At the same time, our employee-partners get personally involved in developing ergonomic solutions. Locations are challenged to reduce risks and set goals for motions saved and projects implemented using best-practice solutions, available through the Cintas Ergo Catalog.

Cintas' Ergonomics team hosts an annual Ergo Competition, which encourages frontline partners to submit their own solutions. Entries are evaluated for their creativity for solving common workrelated issues like lifting, reaching, pushing, or pulling. Judges include the Cintas Ergonomics team, company executives, and nationally renowned ergonomics experts and corporate ergonomics leaders.

Competition winners also have the chance to enter national and international ergonomics competitions where they compete against employees of other companies around the globe.

Our employee-partners have earned great acclaim at the annual Applied Ergonomics Conference (AEC)'s Ergo Cup. Approximately 60 companies are selected to compete in:

- The Ergo Cup - Judged by a panel of academic and industry judges
- The Excellence Awards - Judged by more than 800 conference attendees

Since 2018, Cintas has won six awards at the event - four Ergo Cups and two Excellence Awards.

## AEC AWARDS

| 2018  Ergo Cup  Award  German  Castellanos  Garment  Table  2019  Excellence  Award  Woody Rogers  and Brian Tollison  Ergo  Cart  2021  Ergo Cup  Award  Woody Rogers  and Brian Tollison  Trolly  Tugger  Ergo Cup  Award  Woody Rogers  and Brian Tollison  Fire  Hook  2022  Ergo Cup  Award  Davana Pilczuk  and Glenn Flood  'How to  Build an  Army'  Excellence  Award  Mike Medina  Hand  Sanitizer  Stand   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additional awards include 2018 Practitioner of the Year at AEC for Cintas Director of Safety and Health Stephen Jenkins and the 2020 Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineers Cup for Rogers and Tollison's Fire Hook innovation.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN AND SUPPLIER RELATIONS

A critical component of our business is our global supply chain. We aim to meet our customers' needs for a better workday, which increasingly include sustainable products, to help them get Ready for the Workday ® and build a better future.

To support our relationships with our largest suppliers, our Global Supply Chain (GSC) Department is structured to effectively support the three segments of Cintas' business:

- Garment (Rental Uniform and Design Collective)
- Facility Services
- First Aid &amp; Safety/Fire

GSC primarily manages our largest corporate suppliers. These suppliers are those we typically spend $1 million or more with and must meet specific requirements to do business with us.

GSC Suppliers are expected to adhere to our corporate policies on purchase agreements and supplier compliance. These include stipulations on contractual obligations, administrative tasks, supplier business review requirements, purchase agreement approval levels, and Code of Conduct requirements.

We procure goods and products from a global network that includes vendors in the United States, as well as from China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Egypt, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, India, Kenya, Malaysia, Mexico, Nicaragua, Pakistan, the Philippines, and Vietnam.

Our supply chain procures almost 100% of the finished products for the core uniform rental garments we offer, and for garments and apparel sold by Design Collective. Our suppliers help us both manufacture our owned brands (Cintas, Design Collective by Cintas, Doc and Amelia, and Fourmy) and acquire products from national brands. GSC does not facilitate vendor purchases made directly by our locations for the purpose of fulfilling orders that include products beyond our standard product lines or stocked in our distribution center.

We also obtain raw materials and garment components, such as fabric, zippers, and threads, from GSC Suppliers that invest in their own research and development.

## VENDOR CODE OF CONDUCT

Cintas is committed to sourcing its finished goods and supply products in a lawful, ethical, and responsible manner. To that end, we expect GSC Suppliers to conduct business to the same ethical and moral level, both domestically and internationally. While we recognize that many different legal and cultural environments exist throughout the world, our Vendor Code of Conduct (VCOC) details our basic expectations for GSC Suppliers to do business with us.

Our VCOC promotes GSC Suppliers' compliance with standards regarding human rights and fair labor practices. These include laws and regulations related to working hours, wages, and overtime pay; child labor; prison, forced, enslaved, or trafficked labor; discrimination; paying for work; and collective bargaining and the right to organize.

## GSC AUDITS

GSC Suppliers are subject to annual, in-person audits that review more than 300 points of business. These audits are conducted by independent third-party inspectors, including those who certify under Worldwide Responsible Accredited Production (WRAP) standards or others who are certified in global compliance audit standards. GSC Suppliers are assessed against corrective action plans if any issues are identified during the audits.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ASSESSING AND MONITORING NEW GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN SUPPLIERS

We assess all potential new vendors and monitor current suppliers to confirm we work with GSC Suppliers that prioritize ethical working standards and treat their employees fairly. Our sourcing group identifies the potential new supplier or facility and triggers a social compliance exam. Some situations - including geographic location or types of goods being manufactured - may also trigger a preliminary risk evaluation of the potential facility, which is conducted by a Cintas field engineer.

The actual assessment, conducted by an independent third-party auditor, continues with a physical compliance audit of the facility, which includes more than 300 points of business. Following the conclusion of the assessment, Cintas works with the supplier to produce the required compliance documentation and explain any actions needed to comply with our VCOC through a Corrective Action Plan.

These findings are categorized as Below Minimum Standards or Immediate Action, and Corrective Action. The report outlines the corrective measures required for any finding, with the potential for a follow-up audit to document compliance. Once corrective actions are supported with proper documentation, the supplier or facility is certified to do business with Cintas as a GSC Supplier.

If the facility already holds a compliance certification from an independent certification agency (such as WRAP, Intertek, SA8000, or another recognized body), those certifications generally satisfy our requirements.

Once a supplier is certified as a GSC Supplier, they are subject to regular compliance audits - like the initial assessment process - to maintain our business. These audits are typically conducted in person by independent inspectors who are trained on local labor laws and requirements, are fluent in the language(s) spoken by management and employees, engage directly with facility leadership, and conduct employee interviews.

## FY'22 MONITORING AND RESULTS

Suppliers with a contract to manufacture for Cintas and an annual spend of more than $30,000 must undergo a Cintas Social Compliance audit, or provide an alternative certification from WRAP , SA8000, Bureau Veritas, Intertek, SGS, or Sedex.

In FY'22, we conducted 78 such supplier audits with inperson visits by third-party auditors. We also confirmed current certification for suppliers holding current thirdparty certifications with the Cintas Desktop Remote audit process. These audits identified a total of 615 items requiring follow-up. Of these, 605 were identified for remediation through a Corrective Action Plan. Ten were highlighted as Below Minimum Standards or Immediate Action and addressed appropriately.

## TRAINING ON SUPPLY CHAIN ISSUES

Employee-partners with direct responsibility for supply chain management receive mandatory internal training on social issues that could arise in a GSC. These include the risk of child labor, human trafficking, and modern slavery, as well as issues concerning conflict minerals. Cintas uses external TRACE e-learning resources, which specialize in maintaining global compliance standards in these areas.

TRACE courses outline the requirements of global trafficking-related statutes, including the UK Modern Slavery Act and U.S. Federal Acquisition Regulation. This helps learners understand human trafficking risks and formulate a plan to identify and address trafficked labor.

Through Cintas' anti-corruption training program, GSC employee-partners who are directly involved in business activities with the potential to elicit bribery or corruption are identified for additional anti-corruption training. This annual training is overseen by our Chief Compliance Officer and is separate from other GSC training modules.

## REPORTING CONCERNS

We provide several means for both Cintas employeepartners and external parties to register concerns or report issues about GSC Suppliers.

Anyone can report an anonymous concern using the Cintas Direct Line - online, or via phone or text message - which is staffed 24/7 by an independent third party. Cintas employee-partners can also report concerns to their supervisor, HR, or managing executive. External parties, including GSC Suppliers, can raise concerns:

- During the annual on-site compliance audit
- Through their relationships with category managers and field engineers
- As part of annual supplier business review meetings

## CONFLICT MINERALS

Cintas does not purchase raw materials directly from smelters, and expects GSC Suppliers to source materials from socially responsible sources. Our conflict minerals policies are included in our VCOC as a key provision.

GSC conducts an annual review to identify suppliers that may use conflict minerals in their production processes. They are reviewed using a qualification survey to determine if they may supply us with components, products, or goods manufactured using conflict minerals.

Those identified are enrolled in our Conflict Mineral Training seminar so they understand our Conflict Minerals Policy and must also report their conflict minerals use to us. We then submit that information as required to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

GSC Suppliers that do not comply with our annual conflict minerals review are subject to penalties, up to and including denial of Cintas business.

<!-- image -->

## SUPPLIER DIVERSITY

We believe a diverse supplier base provides enhanced product offerings, better meets customer needs, and reflects the ever-changing demographics of the communities in which we do business. It also provides increased competition, creativity, and flexibility to our supply chain.

Cintas uses many different suppliers to fulfill its business needs, and one metric we've prioritized is our spend with certified diverse suppliers. To qualify as a diverse supplier at Cintas, the vendor must be:

- A for-profit business headquartered in the United States or its territories
- At least 51% owned, operated, and controlled by a U.S. citizen who is a minority, woman, or veteran

We believe our award-winning supplier diversity program is a model for our industry and business. In Cincinnati, where we are headquartered, we work with minority business organizations like the African American Chamber of Commerce, the Hispanic Chamber, and the Minority Business Accelerator - all subgroups of the Cincinnati USA Regional Chamber. We also work with various national and local advocacy agencies, including the National Minority Supplier Development Council and the Women's Business Enterprise National Council.

Since FY'07, we have spent $3.118 billion with diverse suppliers. In FY'22, we spent $318.1 million with certified diverse suppliers, which represents 13% of our total U.S. supplier spend.

We continue to look for additional ways to include diverse suppliers in our supply chain. While we aim to increase our year-over-year spend with diverse suppliers overall, we're also looking to increase our spend with veteran- and service-disabled-veteran-owned businesses.

<!-- image -->

## DIVERSE SUPPLIER DATA

| CINTAS CORPORATION  FY'19  FY'20  FY'21  FY'22  Diverse Supplier Spend  $277.9M  $247.8M  $387.7M 23  $318.1M  % of U.S. Spend  12.7%  11.4%  16.9%  13.0%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## COMMUNITY IMPACT AND PHILANTHROPY

We're immensely proud of the impact we've had in our local communities through our corporate philanthropic activities. These include monetary donations, in-kind donations, and active fundraising on behalf of key charitable and not-for-profit organizations, which we collectively brand under the banner of Cintas Cares.

Cintas has six enterprise-wide philanthropic initiatives that are managed at the corporate level by the Corporate Affairs Department, and which allow involvement from our U.S. locations and employee-partners. These include relationships with the American Cancer Society, American Diabetes Association, American Heart Association, National Fallen Firefighters Foundation , and Matthew 25: Ministries. Additionally, Cintas has created its own charitable program, the Cintas Partner Assistance Fund, to support its partners who experience hardships resulting from natural disasters.

Our Canadian employee-partners engage and support local organizations concerned with cancer, diabetes, and heart health.

A key component of our philanthropic success is the passion our employee-partners have for giving back. Our Impact Champions program helps bring our initiatives to life at our local operations and provides a national footprint for our efforts. More than 290 Impact Champions across the company work with their local Human Resources staff and management to generate awareness and buy-in for our major initiatives.

Year over year, we've witnessed increasing local support for, and commitments to, these national partnerships.

In FY'22, Cintas' charitable monetary and in-kind donations to our corporate philanthropy partners totaled $1,933,704.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE PARTNERSHIPS

<!-- image -->

## Matthew 25: Ministries

Our extensive partnership with Matthew 25: Ministries goes back to 1998 and is our longest-standing corporate philanthropic relationship. We assist Matthew 25: Ministries with its national and global disaster-relief efforts by providing Cintas products and garments for the organization to distribute in displaced communities. The organization's disaster response includes a Cintasbranded van, which we donated to assist with their on-the-ground efforts in disaster areas.

In the past, we have also partnered with Matthew 25: Ministries to send Cintas employee-partners on mission trips to Haiti and the Appalachian area of West Virginia, as part of our annual Clothe the Kids campaign. Through that program, our employee-partners have donated almost 4 million articles of clothing and school supplies for disadvantaged children and contributed thousands of volunteer hours since 2003. As well as helping children in need, the program also contributes to the circular economy by finding a positive way to reuse items of clothing.

Since FY'05, Cintas has provided more than $488,000 in direct monetary support to Matthew 25: Ministries, in addition to our in-kind donations of garments and products to support the organization's disasterrelief efforts.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## American Cancer Society

At a corporate level, our relationship with the American Cancer Society began in 2020 and includes fundraising through national Relay for Life and Making Strides Against Breast Cancer events. We also support the organization with a company-wide apparel sale each fall, with the proceeds from our Canadian employeepartners' purchases directed to the Canadian Cancer Society. Since 2020, Cintas has provided more than $112,000 in direct support to the American Cancer Society.

Through this partnership, our employee-partners have access to some of the American Cancer Society's support resources, including the Road To Recovery ®  program, 24/7 live online patient support, live cancer-prevention webinars with medical experts, and access to Hope Lodge if they need to travel out of town for treatment.

Although our corporate relationship was established recently, Cintas' employee-partners have long supported the American Cancer Society at a grassroots level. Over the years, we have helped raise more than $1 million across our locations.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## American Diabetes Association

Our relationship with the American Diabetes Association began in 2019 and was established to raise awareness about diabetes among underserved and minority communities. Through this partnership, the American Diabetes Association also has a business partnership with our First Aid &amp; Safety division to produce health kits with first aid items frequently needed by diabetics.

The American Diabetes Association provides free, confidential diabetes risk-testing to our employeepartners so they can understand their potential for developing Type 2 diabetes. It also provides access to its Diabetes Food Hub app with recipe and meal-planning options for those living with diabetes.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## American Heart Association

The American Heart Association (AHA) shares one of our longest-standing corporate philanthropic relationships, dating back to 2005. Cintas partners with the AHA as a provider of CPR, first aid, and AED training nationwide, and certified trainers in our First Aid &amp; Safety division teach AHA's certification curriculum in their courses. Since 2016, we have trained and certified more than 900,000 people in lifesaving CPR and first aid.

Each year, Cintas employee-partners across the United States participate in both the Heart Mini-Marathon and Walk and the national Heart Walk. More than 400 employee-partners participated in the 2022 events, raising more than $56,000. Cintas is also a sponsor of the organization's Go Red for Women campaign.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

)

<!-- image -->

## National Fallen Firefighters Foundation

We formalized our relationship with the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation (NFFF), our latest corporate philanthropic partner, in 2021.

The NFFF works closely with our Fire Protection division on a variety of key initiatives. Cintas is a Chief Sponsor of the organization's 9/11 Memorial Stair Climbs program, which features fundraisers across the United States in September and October in observance of the events of September 11, 2001. The funds raised at those events support families of fallen firefighters and New York City Fire Department programs.

The NFFF relationship is also an opportunity for Cintas to engage directly with local fire departments when we host the organization's Prevent the Preventable learning &amp; development programs at locations across the United States.

<!-- image -->

## IMPACT: CORPORATE PHILANTHROPIC PARTNERSHIPS SINCE FY'19

| PHILANTHROPIC PARTNER  CINTAS  FUNDRAISING/  DONATIONS  EMPLOYEE-  PARTNER  FUNDRAISING/  DONATIONS  TOTAL  PARTNERSHIP  IMPACT  American Cancer Society  $51,073  $272,226  $323,300  American Diabetes Association  $276,600  $150,000  $426,600  American Heart Association  $349,000  $208,538  $557,538  Matthew 25: Ministries  $1,259,000 24  $23,442  $1,282,442  National Fallen Firefighters Foundation  $50,000  $95,026  $145,026   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Local Programming

In addition to these six programs, we also have successful programs supported by our corporate headquarters in Cincinnati. These include relationships with Adopt A Class, where teams of volunteer employee-partners present weekly lessons in local classrooms; the United Way of Greater Cincinnati; and Dress for Success in Cincinnati.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

United Way of Greater Cincinnati

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Other corporate headquarter relationships, through sponsorship, donations (monetary or in-kind) or participation, include Boys Hope Girls Hope, Cincinnati USA Regional Chamber , Disabled American Veterans 5K, Easterseals, All About Women, Toys for Tots, Hispanic Chamber Cincinnati USA , Ohio Minority Supplier Development Council, Paloozanoire, the Urban League of Greater Southwestern Ohio, and the YWCA of Greater Cincinnati.

Our field locations across the United States and Canada are also encouraged to get involved and form relationships that are meaningful to their businesses and local communities. We also provide toolkits and support to locations interested in initiating civic and community relationships in their cities and towns.

## UPCOMING STRATEGIC REVIEW

As our ESG Journey continues, we expect to evaluate our current corporate philanthropy strategy and evolve our program to further align with our leadership team's business goals and priorities, as well as our ESG goals and initiatives. The strategy review is expected to begin in FY'23 and continue into FY'24.

Once this review is complete, we hope to launch a refreshed philanthropic program that outlines specific community impact objectives, establishes annual fundraising and donation targets, tracks employeepartners' and locations' volunteer and service activities and charitable donations, and ultimately encourages, incentivizes, and celebrates even greater participation and impact in philanthropic efforts throughout our organization.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SPOTLIGHT

## CINTAS PARTNER ASSISTANCE FUND

We launched the Cintas Partner Assistance Fund (CPAF) in 2019 to provide financial assistance to our own employee-partners who have been negatively affected by natural disasters. What started with $500,000 in seed money from Cintas is now valued at more than $4 million. This total includes ongoing donations from our own employee-partners, as well as onetime contributions from company executives and partners.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

was raised by CPAF through fundraising and grants awarded 25

## 343 grants

were provided to employee-partners through FY'22

The mission of the CPAF aligns with our company's ambition to reduce its environmental impact and support global efforts to mitigate climate change. With catastrophic weather events rising across North America - and with all types of natural disasters causing greater harm and damage we recognize the need to provide support for our employee-partners when these challenging situations occur, many times unexpectedly.

## SUPPORTING PARTNERS IN TIMES OF DISASTER

Employee-partners can apply for both shortterm grants to help immediately resettle after a catastrophe and long-term assistance for more expansive reparative property needs. Through FY'22, a total of 343 grants were provided to employee-partners who applied for assistance after they were impacted by catastrophic or natural disasters.

## FURTHER AIDING OUR EMPLOYEE-PARTNERS

CPAF has continued to grow thanks to the generosity of our employee-partners' giving and our investment strategy. The fund's size has now provided us with the opportunity to expand CPAF grant eligibility to include other personal life events as defined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, which will allow us to further aid our employeepartners in their times of greatest need.

<!-- image -->

PARTNER ASSISTANCE FUND

<!-- image -->

## IMPACTS OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

We have a vast catalog of products and services that provide our customers with sustainable solutions and programs. We also support our customers' safety journeys through an array of product and service offerings.

## OFFERINGS AND SOLUTIONS ROOTED IN ESG

Customers who participate in our uniform, apparel, and bulk rental programs reduce their environmental impact in many ways. Our laundering processes use less water and energy than traditional at-home laundry alternatives and emit fewer GHGs as a result. Our choice to use reusable textiles means our customers inherently reduce waste and their own use of raw materials.

<!-- image -->

Design Collective offers a wide selection of sustainable textiles and styles. It has also developed a variety of programs to help customers reduce waste generated by end-of-life apparel. These efforts include offering partnerships that help enterprises recycle, repurpose, and reuse these garments instead of sending them to landfills. Design Collective's catalog includes a variety of STANDARD 100 by OEKO-TEX ® certified products as well.

Likewise, our Facility Services offerings help our customers operate cleaner, healthier, and safer businesses. By offering a wide variety of cleaning products and services, disinfectant and sanitizer spray services, and entrance matting, we help promote cleaner work environments.

Our Fire Protection business helps businesses with products and services intended to help avoid the loss of property and life.

And our First Aid &amp; Safety business supports the overall health and wellness of our customers, their employees and customers and our communities at large. We do this with our extended assortment of products, services, and training courses.

## SERVICES AND PRODUCTS THAT CUSTOMERS CAN USE

One of Cintas' strengths is our ability to help customers keep their employees safe. We provide a wide range of solutions that businesses rely on to supply their employees with the products they need on the job.

For example, in recent years, the use of PPE has expanded into new industries and job categories. Cintas offers a wide variety of solutions to help employers meet the specific needs of their workers, such as providing:

- Flame resistant clothing
- High-visibility clothing and accessories
- Barrier products
- Isolation gowns
- Eye protection and safety glasses
- Cut-resistant gloves and sleeves
- Protective workwear
- Hard hats
-  Bump caps

Through our First Aid &amp; Safety division, Cintas offers first aid cabinets that include over the counter (OTC) medications, bleeding control kits, and other items that help our customers and employee-partners respond to workplace incidents. We provide other workplace safety solutions to help companies, such as AEDs, eye wash stations, accident-prevention signs, and bloodborne pathogen response kits. We also offer on-site testing and fitting for respirators and hearing protection, as well as training on how and when to use them.

## Safety and Health Training

Our extensive safety and health training curricula are available in-person, online, or on-demand. These course offerings include CPR and first aid training and certification through the AHA and AED use training. We also provide a range of workplace safety trainings and certifications for other required workplace compliance topics, including:

-  HAZWOPER
- Confined spaces
-  GHS/HazCom
- Hazardous materials
-  OSHA record keeping
-  Emergency preparedness
- Forklift operation
- Fire extinguisher use
-  Workplace violence
- Active shooter preparedness

<!-- image -->

## GOVERNANCE

<!-- image -->

- 85 Overview and Approach
- 86 ESG Governance and Oversight
- 88 Ethics and Integrity
- 90 Tax Policy
- 91 Public Policy and Advocacy
- 93 Cybersecurity and Data Privacy
- 94 Regulatory Compliance
- 95 SPOTLIGHT: First Aid &amp; Safety Product Regulation

<!-- image -->

## OVERVIEW AND APPROACH

Strong and ethical governance is a primary foundation of our Principal Objective: to exceed our customers' expectations to maximize the long-term value of Cintas for our shareholders and employee-partners. And our approach to business drives our financial and social performance, providing accountability to our stakeholders.

## CODE OF CONDUCT

Our governance and management structure are guided, first and foremost, by our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics. This outlines clear and consistent expectations for decision-making by all Cintas Directors and employee-partners, and requires adherence to laws and regulations.

Upon joining the company, each Director, executive, manager, and employee-partner is required to undergo Code of Conduct and Business Ethics training and agree in writing to abide by the Code of Conduct and Business Ethics. Further, they are required to annually engage in refresher training and provide further written acknowledgment of that training.

We supplement our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics with other policies and procedures that help us manage our company ethically, honestly, and with a strong commitment to accountability. They are reviewed annually and updated when necessary.

## INCORPORATING ESG PRINCIPLES

We are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and strive to incorporate ESG principles and considerations into the daily operations of our business.

Under the Board's direction of our strategic approach to sustainable long-term value creation, we aim to operate our business in a way that is consistent with protecting the environment and enhancing humanity while maintaining accountability for our actions and decisions.

As we consider our business decisions, we leverage internal processes that include disciplined due diligence and risk assessment to evaluate potential outcomes. Our Principal Objective and our strategic plans also factor heavily into our planning.

Our business activities involve fossil fuel, water, and raw material use, and generate GHG emissions and waste. We work with our Board of Directors, management, and stakeholders to run our business in a manner that aims to reduce, mitigate, or eliminate our impact and risks in these areas.

## GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

The Board of Directors is our highest governing body. Elected annually by a one-for-one vote of Cintas shareholders, the Board oversees the management of our company, as spelled out in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. These guidelines also contain more information on independent Board leadership responsibilities and good governance positions. Additional information and more information about our Board members, including biographical information and professional affiliations, is available in our 2022 Proxy Statement.

Today, the Board is made up of nine Directors - seven men and two women - and 33% of the Board is diverse in terms of gender, race, or ethnicity. To address key issues in greater detail, the Board has created four working committees: the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Executive Committee. All members of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees meet the independence requirements that apply to those committee assignments, as established both by Nasdaq and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

## FY'23 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 26

Scott D. Farmer Executive Chairman Executive Committee

<!-- image -->

Joseph Scaminace Lead Director

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Chair, Executive Committee; Chair, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; Compensation Committee

Gerald S. Adolph Chair, Compensation Committee; Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

John F. Barrett Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Melanie W. Barstad Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Karen L. Carnahan Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

Robert E. Coletti Executive Committee

Todd M. Schneider Cintas President and CEO

Ronald W. Tysoe Chair, Audit Committee; Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

<!-- image -->

## ESG GOVERNANCE AND OVERSIGHT

The Board of Directors oversees our ESG-related strategies and initiatives, which we include as a component of our risk oversight and management process. We do not delegate risk oversight to a specific committee because of its importance to the company and our overall business strategy.

The Board oversees and monitors ESG-related matters, including our:

-  Environmental programs
-  Workplace conduct
-  Training and development
- Employee-partner health and wellness
- Diversity and inclusion
- Pay equity
-  Workplace conduct
- Responsible and ethical sourcing
- Cybersecurity and data privacy
- Principal operations, business, and compliance

We use an enterprise risk management process to monitor, measure, and manage risks. Each year, we review the existing and potential risk environment, evaluate our risk exposure, and elevate certain key risks for discussion at the Board level as appropriate.

ESG-related matters are reviewed regularly by the full Board, as well as during committee meetings as necessary.

## ESG MANAGEMENT

In September 2021, we created the new role of VP of ESG and Chief Compliance Officer to lead our coordinated ESG efforts. This position, which reports to our Senior Vice President and Secretary, General Counsel, has been tasked with developing our enterprise-wide ESG strategy and supporting our ongoing ESG initiatives.

The VP of ESG and Chief Compliance Officer, Christy Nageleisen, works with business and functional leaders across our company to develop and enhance our integrated sustainability strategies. She develops policies, reporting procedures and goals related to our corporate responsibility initiatives to help ensure our company's commitment and accountability.

In FY'22, Ms. Nageleisen built a new integrated ESG team to support existing ESG initiatives and related goals. She also brought together a cross-functional group of employee-partners to form the PACE Team. This team meets regularly to discuss environmental initiatives and ways to address energy, waste, water, and other environmental impacts at Cintas.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## OUR ESG STRUCTURE

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CEO

Oversees ESG strategies and progress

<!-- image -->

## EXECUTIVE SPONSORS

Executive Administration

Determines Cintas' ESG ambitions and goals and provides ongoing advisory functions

<!-- image -->

## VP OF ESG AND CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER AND SENIOR SPONSORS

VP of ESG and Chief Compliance Officer and Business-Unit Leaders

Cross-functional team of ESG and business-unit leaders who guide and operationalize our ESG initiatives and ensure integration and viability in our broader corporate strategy

<!-- image -->

## PACE TEAM

## Organizational Leaders and Subject Matter Experts

Recognize opportunities in ESG-related functional areas, develop pilot programming, and identify broader implementations

## COLLABORATIVE ESG EFFORTS

The ESG team brings together an enterprise-wide commitment to our ESG strategy. While our Board of Directors and CEO oversee our strategy and progress in these areas, several other groups support the company on its ESG Journey.

## Executive Sponsors

Our Executive Sponsors:

- Determine our ESG Impact Priorities and opportunities
- Establish our ESG ambitions and goals
- Monitor progress and industry best practices
- Provide executive presence to help further promote a holistic, sustainable mindset across the company

## Senior Sponsors

Our Senior Sponsors are our business unit leaders who work with our VP of ESG and Chief Compliance Officer and our ESG team to:

- Operationalize our ESG ambitions
- Integrate them into our broader business strategy
- Monitor and track performance
- Help raise awareness of our ESG efforts and their ties to our broader business strategies through our public reporting and communications programs

## PACE Team

Our PACE Team includes a broader reach of organizational leaders and subject matter experts. Together they help identify and develop potential strategies to drive our ESG initiatives. The group also works side by side with other partners to help spread information and awareness about these initiatives and how they complement and support our broader ambitions.

## BOARD ESG INVOLVEMENT AND STRATEGY

Our VP of ESG and Chief Compliance Officer provides regular updates to the Board and its individual committees as appropriate.

These updates include regular touchpoints to the Board on the progress of the company's strategy and initiatives, as well as educational and business landscape discussions to support the Board's broader awareness of ESG trends and best practices.

Other Cintas officers who oversee our business and operational areas that are intrinsically linked to our ESG strategy also make regular presentations to the Board or its individual committees.

## ESG FEEDBACK

We encourage our stakeholders to provide feedback about our ESG activities to us through their standard stakeholder communications channels, as communicated in our 2022 Proxy Statement.

<!-- image -->

## ETHICS AND INTEGRITY

'Cintas has a reputation as a company that operates with strong moral principles and excellent values. This is a product of our collective efforts, and we're all responsible for our actions and our commitment to good business.'

Todd Schneider, President and CEO

Cintas is committed to operating our business including our interactions with our customers, employee-partners, competitors, shareholders, vendors, government and regulatory agencies, and the communities we serve - in a respectful, ethical manner. We also aim to do so in full compliance with regulatory and legal requirements, and expect our partners to be accountable for their actions.

Our governance structure promotes the awareness of, and responsibility to adhere to, our policies and procedures by all our employee-partners, from our Directors to our part-time staff. We support ample training programs to regularly reinforce our expectations and rules.

Together, our policies and training help us promote an enterprise-wide culture of compliance and help us raise awareness about our stakeholders' understanding and expectations related to ethics and integrity.

## CORRUPTION, FRAUD, ANTI-BRIBERY, AND ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOR

We pride ourselves on operating our business in an ethical and lawful manner - a cornerstone of our Corporate Culture. We strive to ensure that our company and our employee-partners comply with laws and regulations, including those that promote free and fair competition in the marketplace. Our company has established a robust culture of governance to help mitigate instances of corruption, fraud, or other illegal acts that could impact our company, our ability to conduct business, and our company's reputation.

Policies and procedures have been enacted to support the company's pursuit of ethical operations and interactions. Among these are our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics, Anti-Corruption Policy, and Vendor Code of Conduct.

Topics in this area are also included in our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics annual training, which is required of all employee-partners.

## RISK ASSESSMENTS

Under the direction of our senior management's annual Enterprise Risk Assessment, our Internal Audit and Risk &amp; Compliance Departments conduct annual reviews of our business operation for corruption risks.

Activities or processes that have been identified as potential corruption risks include our GSC operations, doing business in markets known for corruption, using customs brokers or carriers to import products from international suppliers, and potential vendor or thirdparty relationships.

We have not identified any known instances of corruption during this process.

Further, our Risk &amp; Compliance Department provides appropriate guidance to vendors working with our GSC so the vendors are aware of our policies and expectations. These are captured in our Vendor Code of Conduct. Our vendors' compliance is monitored through annual third-party audits.

Every year, we identify employee-partners directly involved in our business activities in markets where bribery or corruption activities are more prevalent. Those employee-partners are required to undergo additional anti-corruption training. We perform audits on a regular basis to support ongoing compliance and identify potential issues.

## CRITICAL CONCERNS

Should a critical concern be identified, it would be presented to the Audit Committee and then immediately reported to the full Board. No critical concerns were identified or raised to the Audit Committee in FY'22.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE TRAINING

Cintas employee-partners receive our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics training on their first official day of employment with us. They also receive a booklet containing the Code - available in English, Spanish, or Canadian French - at their orientation session and must sign an acknowledgment that they have received and understand the training.

Additionally, employee-partners must complete three different annual training courses focused on ethics and integrity: Code of Conduct and Business Ethics, Workplace Harassment Prevention, and Workplace Violence Prevention.

These are either completed through an online TOD platform or conducted in person for employee-partners who do not have computer access at work. Our annual training results are reported to the Board of Directors to confirm we're maintaining compliance.

Further, management-track employee-partners also receive a copy of The Spirit Is The Difference , which further articulates our Corporate Culture and how it functions within our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics.

Additional compliance training is required annually for employee-partners whose positions or responsibilities require additional compliance and monitoring. This includes:

- Information Security Awareness for employeepartners who have computer access at work
- Anti-Corruption training for employee-partners who could potentially interact with a foreign official or representative
- PCI training for employee-partners who could have access to credit card data

Cintas also requires its California-resident employeepartners (and partners who manage employee-partners residing in California) to complete AB1825 sexual harassment prevention training every other year.

## REPORTING CONCERNS

Cintas is committed to maintaining an ethical, responsible workplace. Both employee-partners and external parties have access to several mechanisms to report questions or concerns.

## Direct Line

Anyone can report any violations or concerns through our Direct Line, a confidential third-party resource dedicated to Cintas' stakeholders and operated 24 hours a day, seven days a week. It is accessible globally, and includes submission options available online, via phone call, or through text message. Submissions can be received in more than 50 languages.

We document concerns and strive to maintain, within the limits allowed by the law, the confidentiality

## COMPLIANCE TRAINING DATA

| REQUIRED COMPLIANCE  COMPLETION PERCENTAGE 27  TRAINING MODULES  FY'19  FY'20  FY'21  FY'22  Code of Conduct and Business Ethics  100%  100%  100%  100%  Workplace Harassment Prevention  100%  100%  100%  100%  Workplace Violence Prevention 28  100%  -  100%  100%  Information Security Awareness 29  100%  100%  100%  100%  Anti-Corruption Training  100%  100%  100%  100%  PCI Training 29  100%  100%  100%  100%  AB1825 30  100%  -  100%  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

of anyone requesting guidance or reporting questionable behavior and/or a possible violation. Company policy prohibits retaliation against any employee-partner raising or reporting a business conduct or ethical issue or a perceived violation of policies or laws.

## Lines of Communications

In addition to the Direct Line, our employee-partners have a structured avenue to report concerns. This process begins with their supervisors, HR, or compliance departments, and includes approved escalation channels if necessary. External parties also have their own direct communications channels in which they can register concerns.

<!-- image -->

## TAX POLICY

We have a responsibility to pay our fair share of taxes and we do so transparently. We disclose the taxes we pay, as well as our projected effective tax rate guidance, on our financial reports and quarterly earnings calls, which are open to the public.

Cintas has instituted a compliance program to help ensure that we comply with applicable tax-reporting requirements worldwide. We review our tax strategy under a low-risk methodology and do not engage in any material global profit-shifting strategies.

The VP of Tax sets and implements Cintas' tax strategy. All material tax planning is discussed and approved by the Chief Financial Officer throughout the year, with updates presented to the Board of Directors' Audit Committee.

## RISK ASSESSMENTS

Cintas conducts ongoing risk assessments to help prevent compliance concerns. The Tax Department remains up to date with regulatory guidance and communicates regulatory policy and tax law changes to executive management as part of the annual Enterprise Risk Assessment.

If tax-related risks are identified, they are communicated to senior management to help ensure they are managed appropriately and according to applicable law.

Our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics supports our ongoing efforts to identify, analyze, and pay our global tax obligations in a lawful and ethical manner. We encourage our partners or outside parties to report any suspected irregularities through appropriate stakeholder mechanisms.

## TAX DISCLOSURES AND REPORTING

All tax disclosures contained in our audited financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP ASC 740 and SEC reporting standards.

EY, our independent auditing firm, reviews all disclosures as part of its review of our annual SEC Form 10-K.

The company's global taxation work is also managed by the U.S.-based Tax Department. To help support proper tax reporting, the group seeks outside and third-party consultation and advice when necessary.

## CONNECTION TO BUSINESS STRATEGY

The Tax Department regularly collaborates with our business leaders and corporate departments to help support our ongoing tax planning and strategy.

These interactions help provide our business leaders with a deeper understanding of tax mechanisms available to our business, their required connections to our business, and the magnitude of their potential impact.

They also allow our leaders opportunities to solicit counsel about potential tax impacts of various strategic decisions as part of our business planning and overall risk assessment.

## TAX ADVOCACY

We actively engage registered, third-party representatives to assist our advocacy and education efforts about tax policy.

We also advocate for key legislation that is in the best interest of our customers and our external stakeholders. Most notably, this includes the continued impacts of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as well as evolving impacts of ongoing federal and state legislation and policy development.

Our tax implications and financial benefits available from the government are regularly evaluated as part of our normal business operations and strategic decision-making.

## FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE

In our last three fully reported fiscal years - ending with FY'21 - we received $5.8 million in tax relief from the U.S. government in the form of various federal and state incentives and credits.

Three of the U.S. federal tax programs we participate in are the:

- Work Opportunity Tax Credit: Our largest tax credit benefit relies on a successful collaboration between HR and our partners in the field. This credit provides tax relief for the creation of meaningful employment opportunities for new employees from needy families and welfare recipients, qualified veterans, ex-felons, designated community residents, vocational rehabilitation participants, Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program participants, Supplemental Security Income recipients, and the long-term unemployed.
- Indian Employment Credit: We received federal tax credits for providing new employment opportunities to more than 150 Native Americans who live on or near an Indian reservation in the United States.
- Federal Empowerment Zone (EZ) Credit: Several of our locations are located in Federal EZs. We hired more than 115 new employee-partners who also live in those EZs, benefiting from tax credits.

Additionally, in the same three-year period, Cintas benefited from a total of $19.9 million in U.S. tax deductions from charitable donations.

<!-- image -->

## PUBLIC POLICY AND ADVOCACY

## POLITICAL ADVOCACY

Cintas regularly and proactively advocates for our business and our industry. We conduct our advocacy efforts and political action activities through a variety of means, including face-to-face meetings, facility and location tours, memos and position papers, and memberships in associations and organizations.

We collaborate with various corporate, industry, and trade organizations to help identify and determine positions on issues that impact our company and support further economic growth. However, given the size and breadth of some of these organizations - and the nuances associated with various topics - the public positions expressed by some of these groups do not always align with our company's views.

## Advocacy Structure

Our Anti-Corruption Policy outlines the way we may engage with political candidates and representatives. All public policy and advocacy activities are managed by the VP of Corporate Affairs, who is responsible for developing and maintaining pertinent third-party advocate relationships and procedures to maintain compliance with the company's official political advocacy process.

To help further maintain accountability and compliance, the VP of Corporate Affairs coordinates and monitors all communications related to public policy between Cintas stakeholders, registered third-party advocacy agencies, and government and policy representatives.

The VP of Corporate Affairs also monitors political contributions made to political figures and organizations by the Cintas Partners Political Action Committee (Partners PAC). The Partners PAC is funded entirely by our employee-partners' voluntary donations - not by Cintas.

## Other Public Official Interactions

Outside of our company's formal advocacy efforts, we've established a formal process that prescribes limitations and guidelines on how our company and our employeepartners may engage with public officials - including those from government and regulatory organizations on the company's behalf. To help the company and our employee-partners avoid the perception of impropriety, this covers different types of interactions with public officials. These include, but are not limited to expenses related to hospitality, travel and entertainment expenses, and gifts and promotional items.

## Local Strategic Relationships

We strongly encourage leaders in our local markets to develop strategic relationships with key leaders in their communities. We understand that local political, business, and civic leaders can have a broad and impactful influence on our local communities, especially on issues important to our business. We encourage our local leaders to identify decision-makers, thought leaders, and agencies who can help Cintas demonstrate and amplify our community commitments.

We support our local leaders with counsel and other resources for their networking efforts, including suggested outreach assets and best practices from other locations' civic involvement.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS

Our Anti-Corruption Policy outlines the manner in which we may engage with political candidates and representatives. As a company, Cintas Corporation generally does not make political contributions to government officials, political candidates, or political parties and any exceptions to this require the prior approval consent of the CEO and the Vice President of ESG and Chief Compliance Officer. The same is true for the use of donating our locations or services to public officials, candidates for political offices, political parties, official election campaigns, or other political issue or referendum campaigns. The approval requirement does not apply to contributions made by any of our authorized political action committees (PACs), which are bound to follow our Cintas Corporation Partners PAC bylaws.

## Employee-Partner Political Contributions

Neither Cintas nor the Partners PAC governs or restricts political contributions made by our individual employeepartners. This includes those made by members of our Board of Directors on their own behalf from their personal funds and for their personal reasons. Employee-partners' personal political contributions are not governed by or affiliated with Cintas Corporation.

## PARTNERS PAC

A 12-person executive committee operates the Partners PAC, an independent organization that was created to represent employee-partners' perspectives from across the organization. The Partners PAC is not funded by Cintas, and it does not receive direction from the company or its Board of Directors.

The Partners PAC is funded entirely by voluntary donations made by our employee-partners. The nonpartisan executive committee reviews and approves potential political contributions to individual candidates using six criteria:

- Strategies important to Cintas
- Cintas employment presence in their district/state
- A reasonably high level of approval in their district/state
- Supported legislation or voted in a manner that is favorable to Cintas' continued economic growth
- Maintained integrity and professional dealings in their position in Congress
- Member of a committee that has influence over issues important to Cintas

PAC donations may not be made to presidential candidates.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CYBERSECURITY AND DATA PRIVACY

Cintas operates in a connected economy, with computers and network services around the globe creating the foundation for our business. We rely extensively on complex, integrated computer systems, including third-party platforms, to process transactions, maintain information, and manage our businesses.

While technology has helped us identify and amplify efficiencies, it also inherently adds a layer of risk to our business.

Cintas is committed to compliance with all applicable government laws and industry regulations related to the protection, use, and disclosure of information, as outlined in our corporate polices. We have significantly invested in our Information Technology (IT) Department, and in IT and data security infrastructure to maintain effective cybersecurity. We have also implemented training, education, and certification requirements to further support these measures.

## STANDARDS AND PRACTICES

Cintas continues to expand our use of industry standards and controls devised by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, leveraging both their Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) and their SP 800-53 controls.

These best practices and terminologies have been incorporated into Cintas policies, standards, and procedures documents. These are reviewed on a rolling basis.

## DATA SECURITY MONITORING AND TESTING

We have implemented multiple industry-leading tools to scan for potential vulnerabilities and to help prevent and detect malicious activities. These include automated prevention measures and requiring system users and administrators to use multi-factor authentication, and single sign-on when available, to access network and connected services.

We have partnered with a trusted third-party cybersecurity vendor to provide 24/7 monitoring and expertise, which supplements Cintas' internal Data Security Team and helps improve and expand our capabilities. Additional cybersecurity practices conducted through third-party providers include program assessments, maturity assessments, and penetration testing. These are in addition to control effectivity selfassessments, incident-response tabletop exercises, and playbook reviews regularly conducted by internal teams.

In early FY'23, Cintas implemented industry-leading tools to help improve enterprise security awareness and email security.

## IT SECURITY GOVERNANCE

The Board of Directors' Audit Committee oversees our information security. The Chief Information Officer regularly updates this committee about our information security processes and provides topical updates to the full Board throughout the year. Further, the Audit Committee monitors compliance for our annual Information Security Awareness and PCI Compliance training courses.

Cintas' IT governance is supported through a robust set of enterprise and department policies and procedures. Our enterprise policies govern our overall information systems, data security, and information security. They also detail our handling, management, and disposal/ destruction of records, confidential information, and credit card data.

Department-specific policies outline the company's IT risk management, security system monitoring and response, vulnerability management, disaster recovery plan, and foreign system connectivity. They also further outline our management of user accounts, computer room security, and role-based security practices.

## IT SECURITY AWARENESS TRAINING

All Cintas employee-partners who access our company networks through devices or other systems are required to complete annual Information Security Awareness training. Employee-partners who may have access to credit or payment card data must also undergo annual PCI Training.

Training completion and success is monitored, with the results submitted to the Board of Directors' Audit Committee. Employee-partners who fail to complete their annual trainings are not eligible for their next merit pay increase.

## CYBERSECURITY DATA

In FY'22, Cintas did not experience any confirmed successful breaches, leaks, thefts, or losses of customer, company, or employee-partner data.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

'It is essential that we conduct ourselves at all times with integrity and in full compliance with the laws and regulations that govern our business activities.'

## Cintas Code of Conduct and Business Ethics

Cintas' Code of Conduct and Business Ethics clearly stipulates the company's expectation that our employee-partners and those who conduct business on our behalf do so in a manner that is in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations in the countries that we operate in.

In FY'22, we were not subject to any substantiated significant instances of noncompliance or fines raised through normal grievance or compliance channels - about our actions or activities related to corporate conduct, bribery or corruption, human rights, supplier management, data privacy/cybersecurity, environment, safety and health, discriminatory practices, violations involving the rights of indigenous peoples, product and service information, or labeling and marketing communications.

Through FY'22, we were subject to a minor number of instances of noncompliance with local environmentally focused ordinances across the United States and Canada. After being notified of these issues, we took appropriate corrective actions to confirm the noncompliance did not continue and paid any resulting fines and fees.

Across the United States and Canada, we paid less than $25,000 for various wastewater pretreatment compliance violations. None of these local issues resulted in material or significant fines or penalties to the company under applicable reporting requirements. Further, none of our locations are situated on designated protected areas.

In FY'22, none of our facilities or locations contributed to spills that were material to our company. Additional information about other legal proceedings is available in our FY'22 Form 10-K.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SPOTLIGHT

## FIRST AID &amp; SAFETY PRODUCT REGULATION

Our First Aid &amp; Safety division maintains accountability for the products and services offered by its business. Our Risk &amp; Compliance Department supports this group by creating standards and expectations for their products, operations, and management.

## REGULATORY PROCESSES

To help meet regulations set by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Health Canada, we maintain Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs) and provide appropriate GMP training to our employee-partners. Our employeepartners follow GMPs to maintain compliance with regulations regarding the manufacturing, handling, and repackaging of OTC medications and medical devices.

The Risk &amp; Compliance Department also outlines our expectations that locations be prepared to respond immediately to any federal, state, or local authority inquiry. This includes having documentation and personnel ready who can speak to and attest to regulated products, activities, and processes.

## QUALITY MANAGEMENT

To help maintain product integrity and efficacy, we have established systemic controls under our Quality Management System. One of these types of controls includes a supplier qualification process to review, evaluate, and qualify suppliers. We perform periodic reviews to ensure that our suppliers continue to meet stated requirements.

As required by the FDA, we also maintain a strict process for receiving product complaints or reports of injury, illness, death, or adverse reaction to the use of a product distributed by Cintas First Aid &amp; Safety. If any such report is received, we have appropriate processes implemented to ensure proper and complete documentation of the notification, as well as the execution of a consistent and standardized investigation, resolution, and remediation.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## APPENDIX

<!-- image -->

97 Citations, References, and Annotations

98 Notes and Methodologies

99 GRI Index

108  SASB Index

111  UN Sustainable Development Goals

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CITATIONS, REFERENCES, AND ANNOTATIONS

- 1 We define employee-partners as personnel who are employed in full-time or part-time roles in the United States and Canada. The total referenced through the report, 42,693, does not include workers who support our business in irregular business capacities, such as those who serve as seasonal or temporary workers or act as interns. Our business sometimes utilizes contract-based workers, but the situations giving rise to contract-based work is limited and amount to short periods of time.
- 2 In our 2021 report, the energy, emissions, and water data reported represented only Cintas' U.S. Uniform Rental and Facility Services locations in operation during the reporting periods and their associated fleet vehicles.
- 3 See page 98 of appendix for science-based algorithmic model methodology used to approximate utility data.
- 4 The COVID-19 pandemic began in the fourth quarter of FY'20 and continued through the entirety of both FY'21 and FY'22. As of the close of FY'22, the World Health Organization continued to characterize COVID-19 as a worldwide pandemic.
- 5 Our U.S. and Canadian locations and facilities that contribute to our Rental division's operations. In FY'22, this included 205 processing plants and 134 branches. The number of locations can change year-to-year because of closures, consolidation, and/or relocations.
- 6 Our emissions intensity is calculated as our company's total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions as a factor of total company revenue in millions: (MTCO2 e/$M)
- 7 Cintas' intensity metrics are calculated based on Cintas Corporation's annual revenue. (FY'22: $7,854M; FY'21: $7,116M, FY'20: $7,085M, FY'19: $6,892M)
- 8 Our energy intensity is calculated as our company's total energy use as a factor of total company revenue in millions: (GJ/$M).
- 9 Our water intensity is calculated as our Rental process locations' total water discharge as a factor of total company revenue in millions: (ML/$M).
- 10  Nonylphenol ethoxylate
- 11  Ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid
- 12  Our 'Zero Waste Program' began in FY'13 in an effort to decrease our waste destined for landfills that originated in our distribution centers (DC). The program initially included seven of our DCs, with an eighth joining in FY'17. Each DC submits its waste diversion information annually to recertify its zero waste TRUE Certification by Green Business Certification Inc.
- 13  American Reusable Textile Association, 'Life Cycle Assessments: Make the Case for Reusable Textiles.' arta1.com/life-cycle-assessments/. Accessed August 28, 2022.
- 14  Ellen MacArthur Foundation, 2017, A New Textiles Economy: Redesigning Fashion's Future. A New Textiles Economy: Redesigning Fashion's Future (ellenmacarthurfoundation.org). Accessed by Accelerating Circularity in 2020.
- 15  The references to 'almost' or 'approximately' 43,000 employee-partners throughout this report cite the 42,693 employee-partners based in roles in the United States and Canada, which is the scope of this report. Other employee-partner workforce totals referenced in our financial filings include the approximately 1,000 employee-partners in roles based in Mexico, Honduras, the Caribbean, or other international locations.
- 16  Figures relate to our 42,693 employees in the United States and Canada, with the exception of the Self-Reported Minority and Non-Minority data. Those percentages relate only to partners in the United States, because Cintas does not collect this data for partners based in Canada due to regulation on the collection of demographic data.
- 17  ESOP and Profit Sharing: To be eligible to become a participant, an active employee-partner must be credited with at least 1,000 hours of service. Once an employee-partner is credited with 1,000 hours of service, they automatically become a participant in the Profit Sharing and ESOP portions of the Plan on the same date they are credited with 1,000 hours of service. To receive an allocation for both Profit Sharing and ESOP , an employee-partner must be an active, eligible partner on the last day of the fiscal year and have service credit of at least 1,000 hours during the plan year for which the contribution is made. The contribution is determined based off a formula that factors in eligible compensation in the prior plan year, as well as years of service.
- 18  Our employee-partners who are currently unionized joined their associations while working for a company that we later acquired. The majority of our currently associated employee-partners are in Canada.
- 19  References to Global Supply Chain Suppliers throughout this ESG report refer to our suppliers, vendors, and business partners that generally facilitate $1 million or more in purchases by Cintas and that must meet specific requirements to do business with us. Cintas and our locations also regularly do business with other vendors, suppliers, and business partners that do not fall within this spend threshold and, for the purpose of this report, are not included in this reporting.
- 20  FY'21 included full-time, part-time, temporary, and seasonal workers.
- 21  Figures relate only to our employees in the United States. This is because Cintas does not collect this data for partners based in Canada due to regulation on the collection of demographic data.
- 22  To be eligible for the company's discretionary 401(k) match, employee-partners must: a) be employed by Cintas on the last day of the fiscal year; b) credited at least 1,000 hours (generally the equivalent of 25 40-hour workweeks) the previous plan year; and c) contribute a portion of their salary to the 401(k) during the previous plan year.
- 23  In FY'21, supplier diversity spend ($387.7 million) increased when additional purchases were made from suppliers of Personal Protection Equipment (PPE) at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. Cintas made purchases with certain suppliers who were certified diverse for products like masks, gloves, and isolation gowns. In late FY'21, one of those larger suppliers sold the business to non-diverse ownership and no longer qualified as a diverse supplier. In FY'22, purchases of PPE from that supplier were not credited toward diverse spending, and our overall purchase of PPE was reduced dramatically as our customers' needs decreased.
- 24  Fair-market tax value of 5,535,000 pounds of repurposed products and garments donated to Matthew 25: Ministries.
- 25  The Cintas Partner Assistance Fund is tracked by calendar year, not by fiscal year. Cintas Partner Assistance Fund 2022 totals are disclosed through the end of Cintas' FY'22, which ended May 31, 2022.
- 26  More information about our Board members, including biographical information and professional affiliations, is available in our 2022 Proxy Statement.
- 27  Partners who were assigned training, but who were no longer employed by Cintas prior to the completion deadline for the assigned training, are not included in these calculations.
- 28  Workplace Violence Prevention training was not deployed during the early phases of COVID-19 in FY'20.
- 29  In FY'19 Information Security Awareness and PCI Training was offered as one combined training course.
- 30  AB1825 compliance training is required and implemented every two years.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NOTES AND METHODOLOGIES

## REPORTING FRAMEWORK AND DATA DISCLOSURES

In our 2022 ESG Report, we have reported our company's disclosures in reference to the Global Reporting Index (GRI) Standards as they were available on June 1, 2022. There are select instances where we have chosen not to report required components of GRI's disclosures because we anticipate forthcoming guidance from U.S. federal and regulatory bodies - including the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Nasdaq stock exchange - that may conflict with GRI Standards requirements and thus require significant changes to, and restatements of, our data in future years. Further, in some areas of our social data, we have chosen to align our disclosures with the GRI requirements, rather than the EEO-1 reporting requirements of the U.S. federal government (e.g., employee age brackets). As further and continued guidance about ESG reporting requirements is provided by the U.S. government and regulatory agencies, we expect we will report our data as necessary to meet any statutory requirements in future years.

## COVID-19 EFFECT ON DATA AND PERFORMANCE

Our environmental performance has demonstrated continued improvements from FY'19 through FY'21. However, the COVID-19 pandemic's effect on our performance and data cannot be isolated from other efficiency and process changes that contributed to performance improvements.

The COVID-19 pandemic began in the fourth quarter of FY'20 and continued during all four quarters of FY'21.

## ENVIRONMENTAL DATA EXPANSION IN 2022 ESG REPORT

Our 2022 ESG Report includes expanded environmental data from what was first published in our 2021 ESG Report.

Our emissions and energy data sets now encompass Cintas' full U.S. and Canada operations. These include business locations, distribution centers, and corporate facilities in operation during the reporting periods. This year our fleet data includes our commercial fleet vehicles in both the United States and Canada.

This report also includes significant updates to our environmental data as a result of our ongoing organizational review and baselining initiative. Our water data has also been expanded to include all Rental processing operations in the United States and Canada. Further, our previously reported FY'19 emissions, energy and water baselines, and our FY'20 and FY'21 performance data have been updated and restated to reflect the expanded scopes of disclosure.

For the purposes of calculating Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions, in any instance when a location's utility information was not available, a science-based, algorithmic model was used based on the location's square footage to best approximate and compete the data set. Please note that Cintas complies with air permitting requirements for applicable operations that include emissions of other pollutants, however they are not included in these GHG emission calculations.

For our Scope 3 emissions, we used Environmentally Extended Economic InputOutput (EEIO) analysis for our annual supplier and procurement spend data. This is a categorization model to convert $USD spend based on relevant NAICS sector categories into carbon emissions associated with the extraction, production and transport of purchased goods and services, capital goods, upstream transportation, downstream transportation and a portion of business travel acquired or purchased by Cintas in the reporting year.

Cintas reserves the right to amend these calculations as data collection and measurement evolve and progress.

## WATER DATA ASSUMPTIONS

Water data has been converted to megaliters (ML) for our 2022 reporting. When referring to our water data table:

- Withdrawal is the sum of all water meters (including irrigation).
- Discharge is calculated from withdrawn water minus consumed water. This water may require pretreatment to meet local discharge requirements.
- There has been no change in water storage. Consumed water is the sum of irrigation and 10% (assumed factor of evaporation) of the rest of withdrawn water.

<!-- image -->

## 2022 GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX

This GRI Index accompanies our 2022 ESG Report and references the Consolidated Set of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 2021 as they were available on June 1, 2022. The data in this report relates to the period from June 1, 2021 to May 31, 2022, unless otherwise stated. For a detailed explanation of the indicators, visit the GRI website: globalreporting.org.

| DISCLOSURE  DESCRIPTION  PAGE NUMBER(S), URL(S) AND/OR INFORMATION  Organization and its Reporting Practices  2-1  Organizational details  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 1)  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 4)  2-2  Entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting  About This Report  2-3  Reporting period, frequency and contact point  About This Report  2-4  Restatements of information  About This Report  2-5  External assurance  Cintas did not pursue external assurance for its 2022 ESG Report.  Activities and Workers  2-6  Activities, value chain and other business relationships  This is Cintas  Social &gt; Global Supply Chain and Supplier Relations  Governance &gt; Public Policy and Advocacy  Social &gt; Community Impact and Philanthropy  2-7  Employees  Social &gt; Our People  Social &gt; Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion &gt; Workforce Data  Governance  2-9  Governance structure and composition  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 9)  2-10  Nomination and selection of the highest governance body  Corporate Governance Guidelines  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 9)  Governance &gt; Overview and Approach  2-11  Chair of the highest governance body  Corporate Governance Guidelines  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 9)  Governance &gt; Overview and Approach  2-12  Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 15)  Governance &gt; Overview and Approach   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| DISCLOSURE  DESCRIPTION  PAGE NUMBER(S), URL(S) AND/OR INFORMATION  2-13  Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 15)  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 16)  Governance &gt; Overview and Approach  Governance &gt; ESG Governance and Oversight  2-14  Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting  The 2022 ESG Report was produced with guidance from and review by Cintas senior  executives and business leaders.  2-15  Conflicts of interest  Code of Conduct and Business Ethics  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 47)  2-16  Communication of critical concerns  Governance &gt; Ethics and Integrity &gt; Critical Concerns  2-17  Collective knowledge of the highest governance body  Governance &gt; ESG Governance and Oversight &gt; Board ESG Involvement and Strategy  Corporate Governance Guidelines (pg. 6)  2-18  Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body  Corporate Governance Guidelines (pg. 5)  2-19  Remuneration policies  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 23)  Social &gt; Compensation and Benefits  Compensation Committee Charter  2-20  Process to determine remuneration  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 23)  Social &gt; Compensation and Benefits  Compensation Committee Charter  2-21  Annual total compensation ratio  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 40)  Strategy, Policies &amp; Practices  2-22  Statement on sustainable development strategy  Governance &gt; Overview and Approach  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 16)  2-23  Policy commitments  Position on Policy Creation  Cintas' corporate policies related to responsible business conduct are referenced and  linked (when publicly available) throughout this 2022 ESG Report.  2-24  Embedding policy commitments  Position on Policy Creation  2-26  Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns  Governance &gt; Ethics and Integrity &gt; Reporting Concerns  2-27  Compliance with laws and regulations  Governance &gt; Regulatory Compliance   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| DISCLOSURE  DESCRIPTION  PAGE NUMBER(S), URL(S) AND/OR INFORMATION  Stakeholder Engagement  2-29  Approach to stakeholder engagement  Our ESG Journey &gt; Stakeholder Engagement  2-30  Collective bargaining agreements  FY'19 - 3.54%, FY'20 - 2.73%, FY'21 - 2.41%, and FY'22 - 2.09%  Material Topics 2021  3-1  Process for determining material topics  Our ESG Journey &gt; Impact Priorities  3-2  List of material topics  Our ESG Journey &gt; Impact Priorities  3-3  Management of material topics  Our ESG Journey &gt; Impact Priorities  Environment &gt; Climate, Emissions and Energy  Environment &gt; Water Stewardship  Environment &gt; Waste  Social &gt; Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion  Social &gt; Safety and Health  Social &gt; Performance and Advancement  Social &gt; Training and Development  Social &gt; Impact of Our Products and Services   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| DISCLOSURE  DESCRIPTION  PAGE NUMBER(S), URL(S) AND/OR INFORMATION  201: Economic Performance 2016  201-01  Direct economic value generated and distributed  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 20)  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 21)  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 47)  201-02  Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 12)  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 13)  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 14)  201-03  Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans  Social &gt; Compensation and Benefits  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 59)  201-04  Financial assistance received from government  Governance &gt; Tax Policy  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 55)  202: Market Presence 2016  202-01  Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage  Social &gt; Compensation and Benefits &gt; Salaries and Wages  202-02  Proportion of senior management hired from the local community  100% of Cintas' named executive officers are U.S.-born.  203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016  203-01  Infrastructure investments and services supported  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 49)  Social &gt; Community Impact and Philanthropy  203-02  Significant indirect economic impacts  Social &gt; Community Impact and Philanthropy  204: Procurement Practices 2016  204-01  Proportion of spending on local suppliers  In FY'22, Cintas spent $2,924,481,258 on Global Supply Chain suppliers based in the  United States and Canada. This represents 94.01% of the company's total FY'22 GSC spend  on suppliers.  205: Anti-Corruption 2016  205-01  Operations assessed for risks related to corruption  Governance &gt; Ethics and Integrity &gt; Risk Assessments  205-02  Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures  Governance &gt; Ethics and Integrity &gt; Ethics and Compliance Training  205-03  Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken  Governance &gt; Ethics and Integrity &gt; Risk Assessments  206: Anti-Competitive Behavior 2016  206-01  Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices  At the close of FY'22, Cintas was not subject to any pending legal actions related to anti-  competitive behavior, anti-trust, or monopoly practices.  Governance &gt; Ethics and Integrity   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| DISCLOSURE  DESCRIPTION  PAGE NUMBER(S), URL(S) AND/OR INFORMATION  207: Tax 2016  207-01  Approach to tax  Governance &gt; Tax Policy  207-02  Tax governance, control, and risk management  Governance &gt; Tax Policy  207-03  Stakeholder engagement and management concerns related to tax  Governance &gt; Tax Policy  Our ESG Journey &gt; Stakeholder Engagement  207-04  Country-by-country reporting  Governance &gt; Tax Policy  301: Materials 2016  301-02  Recycled input materials used  Environment &gt; Materials  Environment &gt; Materials &gt; Reducing, Reusing, Recycling, and Repurposing Our Textiles  301-03  Reclaimed products and their packaging materials  Environment &gt; Materials  Environment &gt; Materials &gt; Reducing, Reusing, Recycling, and Repurposing Our Textiles  302: Energy 2016  302-01  Energy consumption within the organization  Environment &gt; Energy Performance  Environment &gt; Energy Data  302-02  Energy consumption outside of the organization  Environment &gt; Energy Performance  Environment &gt; Energy Data  302-03  Energy intensity  Environment &gt; Energy Performance  Environment &gt; Energy Data  302-04  Reduction of energy consumption  Environment &gt; Energy Performance  Environment &gt; Energy Performance &gt; Energy Reductions  Environment &gt; Energy Data  302-05  Reductions in energy requirements of products and services  Environment &gt; Climate, Emissions and Energy &gt; Initiatives  Our ESG Journey &gt; Cornerstone: Operational Excellence and Reliability  Our ESG Journey &gt; EV Pilot Hits the Road  Environment &gt; Smart Truck Routing Cintas Into the Future  Environment &gt; Facility-Focused Energy Reductions  303: Water and Effluents 2018  303-01  Interactions with water as a shared resource  Environment &gt; Water Stewardship  303-02  Management of water discharge-related impacts  Environment &gt; Water Stewardship &gt; Managing Wastewater and Effluents  Environment &gt; Water Stewardship &gt; The Wastewater Treatment Process  303-03  Water withdrawal  Environment &gt; Water Data  303-04  Water discharge  Environment &gt; Water Data  303-05  Water consumption  Environment &gt; Water Data   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| DISCLOSURE  DESCRIPTION  PAGE NUMBER(S), URL(S) AND/OR INFORMATION  305: Emissions 2016  305-01  Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions  Environment &gt; Emissions Performance  Environment &gt; Emissions Data  305-02  Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions  Environment &gt; Emissions Performance  Environment &gt; Emissions Data  305-03  Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions  Environment &gt; Emissions Performance  Environment &gt; Emissions Data  305-04  GHG emissions intensity  Environment &gt; Emissions Performance  Environment &gt; Emissions Data  305-05  Reduction of GHG emissions  Environment &gt; Emissions Performance  Environment &gt; Emissions Data  306: Effluents and Waste 2016  306-03  Significant Spills  Governance &gt; Regulatory Compliance  306: Waste 2020  306-01  Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts  Environment &gt; Waste  Environment &gt; Waste &gt; Zero Waste Project  306-02  Management of significant waste-related impacts  Environment &gt; Waste  Environment &gt; Waste &gt; Zero Waste Project  Environment &gt; Waste &gt; Technology's Role in Managing Waste Materials  306-03  Waste generated  Environment &gt; Waste  Environment &gt; Waste &gt; Zero Waste Project  Environment &gt; Waste &gt; Technology's Role in Managing Waste Materials  306-04  Waste diverted from disposal  Environment &gt; Waste  Environment &gt; Waste &gt; Zero Waste Project  306-05  Waste directed to disposal  Environment &gt; Waste  Environment &gt; Waste &gt; Zero Waste Project  401: Employment 2016  401-01  New employee hires and employee turnover  Social &gt; Workforce Recruitment and Retention Data  401-02  Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or  part-time employees  Social &gt; Compensation and Benefits &gt; Employee-Partner Benefits  401-03  Parental leave  Social &gt; Compensation and Benefits &gt; Maternity and Parental Leave  402: Labor/Management Relations 2016  402-01  Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes  Social &gt; Human Rights &gt; Minimum Notice   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| DISCLOSURE  DESCRIPTION  PAGE NUMBER(S), URL(S) AND/OR INFORMATION  403: Occupational Health &amp; Safety 2016  403-01  Occupational health and safety management system  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Occupational Safety and Health Management System  403-02  Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Annual CHSMS Evaluations  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Ongoing Monitoring  403-03  Occupational health services  Social &gt; Compensation and Benefits &gt; Employee-Partner Benefits  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Occupational Health Initiatives  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Ergo Excellence  403-04  Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health  and safety  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Employee-Partners Central To Identifying Concerns  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Awareness, Training and Development  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Ergo Excellence  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Commitment to VPP  403-05  Worker training on occupational health and safety  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Awareness, Training and Development  403-06  Promotion of worker health  Social &gt; Compensation and Benefits &gt; Employee-Partner Benefits  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Occupational Health Initiatives  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Ergo Excellence  403-07  Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly  linked by business relationships  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Occupational Health Initiatives  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Ergo Excellence  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Operationalizing Safety and Health  403-08  Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Occupational Safety and Health Management System  403-09  Work-related injuries  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Work-related Injuries and Illness  403-10  Work-related ill health  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Work-related Injuries and Illness  404: Training and Education 2016  404-01  Average hours of training per year per employee  Social &gt; Training and Development  404-02  Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs  Social &gt; Training and Development  Social &gt; Talent Recruitment and Retention  404-03  Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career  development reviews  Social &gt; Performance and Advancement &gt; Annual Performance Reviews  405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016  405-01  Diversity of governance bodies and employees  2022 Proxy Statement (pg. 14)  Social &gt; Our People  Social &gt; Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion  405-02  Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men  Social &gt; Compensation and Benefits &gt; Pay Equity   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| DISCLOSURE  DESCRIPTION  PAGE NUMBER(S), URL(S) AND/OR INFORMATION  406: Non-Discrimination 2016  406-01  Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken  Governance &gt; Regulatory Compliance  407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016  407-01  Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and  collective bargaining may be at risk  Social &gt; Human Rights &gt; At-Risk Locations  Social &gt; Our People  408: Child Labor 2016  408-01  Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor  Social &gt; Human Rights  Social &gt; Global Supply Chain and Supplier Relations  409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016  409-01  Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or  compulsory labor  Social &gt; Human Rights  Social &gt; Global Supply Chain and Supplier Relations  411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016  411-01  Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples  Governance &gt; Regulatory Compliance  413: Local Communities 2016  413-01  Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments,  and development programs  Social &gt; Community Impact and Philanthropy  413-02  Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on  local communities  Governance &gt; Regulatory Compliance  414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016  414-01  New suppliers that were screened using social criteria  Social &gt; Global Supply Chain and Supplier Relations &gt; FY'22 Monitoring and Results  414-02  Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken  Social &gt; Global Supply Chain and Supplier Relations &gt; FY'22 Monitoring and Results  415: Public Policy 2016  415-01  Political contributions  Governance &gt; Public Policy and Advocacy &gt; Political Contributions  416: Customer Health &amp; Safety 2016  416-01  Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories  Social &gt; Impacts of Our Products and Services  Governance &gt; Regulatory Compliance &gt; First Aid &amp; Safety Product Regulation  416-02  Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of  products and services  Governance &gt; Regulatory Compliance   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| DISCLOSURE  DESCRIPTION  PAGE NUMBER(S), URL(S) AND/OR INFORMATION  417: Marketing and Labeling 2016  417-01  Requirements for product and service information and labeling  Governance &gt; Regulatory Compliance &gt; First Aid &amp; Safety Product Regulation  Social &gt; Impacts of Our Products and Services  417-02  Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information  and labeling  Governance &gt; Regulatory Compliance  417-03  Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications  Governance &gt; Regulatory Compliance  418: Customer Privacy 2016  418-01  Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of  customer data  Governance &gt; Cybersecurity and Data Privacy   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 2022 SUSTAINABLE ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX

We also reference the SASB framework in the development of our 2022 ESG Report. As a company with a unique and complex business model that falls under multiple industry categories, we included disclosures to meet portions of the SASB Standards for Professional &amp; Commercial Services; Road Transportation; and Apparel, Accessories &amp; Footwear. The data in this report relates to the period from June 1, 2021 to May 31, 2022, unless otherwise stated. For a detailed explanation of the framework, visit the SASB website: sasb.org/.

| TOPIC  CODE  ACCOUNTING METRIC  CATEGORY  UNIT OF MEASURE  DATA AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  REFERENCE LOCATION  Professional &amp; Commercial Services  Data Security  SV-PS-230a.1  Description of approach to  identifying and addressing  data security risks  Discussion  and Analysis  n/a  Cintas takes a multiple-tiered approach to  system security. We utilize software programs  to identify potential system security risks,  and perform a regular analysis of the system  updates. We regularly audit and review our  processes. In addition, Cintas performs regular  security maintenance, including issuing system  patches, performing penetration testing, and  monitoring data flow throughout the company,  among other security efforts. Cintas' employee-  partners are also required to complete annual  online training courses to help them identify  potential digital security risks.  Governance &gt; Cybersecurity and  Data Privacy  SV.PS-230a.2  Description of policies  and practices relating to  collection, usage, and  retention of customer  information  Discussion  and Analysis  n/a  We adhere to best practices for data collection,  usage, and retention of customer information,  and undergo regular audits. We regularly  implement additional layers of privacy controls  and implement adjustments to our practices  as necessary.  Governance &gt; Cybersecurity and  Data Privacy  FY'22 Form 10-K Item (pg. 11)  Cintas General Privacy Policy  Cintas California Privacy Act  SV-PS-230a.3  (1) Number of data  breaches, (2) percentage  involving customers'  confidential business  information (CBI) or  personally identifiable  information (PII), (3) number  of customers affected  Quantitative  Qty., Pct  FY'22:  (1) Zero  (2) 0%  (3) Zero  Governance &gt; Cybersecurity and  Data Privacy   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| TOPIC  CODE  ACCOUNTING METRIC  CATEGORY  UNIT OF MEASURE  DATA AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  REFERENCE LOCATION  Workforce  Diversity and  Engagement  SV-PS-330a.1  Percentage of gender  and racial/ethnic group  representation for total  workforce  Quantitative  Pct  FY'22 Total Workforce by Gender  Female = 35.7%  Male = 64.3%  FY'22 Total U.S. Workforce by  EEO-1 Designations  White = 55.8%  Latin/Hispanic = 21.7%  Black/African American = 15.2%  Asian = 4.0%  Two or More Races = 2.5%  Native American/Alaskan = 0.4%  Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander = 0.4%  Social &gt; Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion  &gt; Workforce Data  SV-PS-330a.3  Employee engagement as  a percentage  Quantitative  Pct  Results of the 2022 Employee Engagement  Survey were not available at the time of this  report's preparation. The last employee  engagement survey in 2019 reported a 90%  employee engagement rate. Category-specific  ratings underpinned our overall commitment  to our people, including Empowerment,  Sustainable Engagement, Safety, and Diversity  &amp; Inclusion.  Social &gt; Employee-Partner  Engagement  Cintas 2021 ESG Report &gt; Social &gt;  Employee-Partner Engagement  Professional  Integrity  SV-PS-510a.1  Description of approach  to ensuring professional  integrity  Discussion  and Analysis  n/a  Governance &gt; Ethics and Integrity  Code of Conduct and  Business Ethics  SV-PS-510a.2  Total amount of monetary  losses as a result of legal  proceedings associated  with professional integrity  Quantitative  US$  FY'22: $0  FY'22 Form 10-K (pg. 16)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ACTIVITY METRIC  CATEGORY  UNIT OF MEASURE  DATA AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  REFERENCE LOCATION  Number of employees by: (1) full-time and part-time,  (2) temporary, and (3) contract  Quantitative  Qty.  FY'22:  Full-time: 42,445  Part-time: 248  Contract: 0  Social &gt; Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion  &gt; Workforce Data   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| TOPIC  CODE  ACCOUNTING METRIC  CATEGORY  UNIT OF MEASURE  DATA AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  REFERENCE LOCATION  Road Transportation  Greenhouse  Gas  Emissions  TR-RO-110a.1  Gross global Scope 1  emissions  Quantitative  MTCO2e  FY'22: 547,631  Environment &gt; Emissions Data  TR-RO-110a.2  Discussion of long-term  and short-term strategy  or plan to manage Scope  1 emissions, emissions  reduction targets, and an  analysis of performance  against those targets  Discussion  and Analysis  n/a  Our ESG Journey &gt; Our Path to  Net Zero  Environment &gt; Climate, Emissions  and Energy  Governance &gt; ESG Governance  and Oversight  TR-RO-110a.3  (1) Total fuel consumed,  (2) percentage natural gas,  (3) percentage renewable  Quantitative  GJ, Pct  FY'22:  (1) 12,316,732 GJ (Natural Gas, Propane,  Gasoline and E85, and Diesel)  (2) 64.04%  (3) 0%  Environment &gt; Energy Data  Driver  Working  Conditions  TR-RO-320a.1  (1) Total recordable incident  rate (TRIR) and (2) fatality  rate for (a) direct employees  and (b) contract employees  Quantitative  Pct  FY'22:  (1) 1.61  (2a) 0%  (2b) Not applicable  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt; Work-  related Injuries and Illness  TR-RO-320a.3  Description of approach  to managing short-term  and long-term driver  health risks  Discussion  and Analysis  n/a  Social &gt; Safety and Health &gt;  Awareness, Training  and Development  Accident  &amp; Safety  Management  TR-RO-540a.3  (1) Number and  (2) aggregate volume  of spills and releases to  the environment  Quantitative  Qty. MT  FY'22:  (1) No spills that were material to Cintas as  a company.  (2) No spills that were material to Cintas as  a company.  Governance &gt; Regulatory  Compliance  Apparel, Accessories &amp; Footwear  Management  of Chemicals  in Products  CG-AA-250a.1  Discussion of processes  to maintain compliance  with restricted  substances regulations  Discussion  and Analysis  n/a  Environment &gt; Chemical Safety  Governance &gt; Regulatory  Compliance &gt; First Aid &amp; Safety  Product Regulation  CG-AA-250a.2  Discussion of processes to  assess and manage risks  and/or hazards associated  with chemicals in products  Discussion  and Analysis  n/a  Environment &gt; Chemical Safety  Governance &gt; Regulatory  Compliance &gt; First Aid &amp; Safety  Product Regulation   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## UN SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

We have reviewed our ESG strategy against the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), a global framework which aims to address some of the world's most pressing environmental, social and governance challenges. Our current ESG work aligns closely with 3 SDGs:

<!-- image -->

## SDG 6: CLEAN WATER AND SANITATION

Water is a prime input in our business, and we have placed significant effort on lessening our water requirements through conservation initiatives. Since FY'19, we have reduced our water intensity by over 20%. We also offer significant water and energy efficiencies compared to traditional at-home laundry processes.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SDG 7: AFFORDABLE AND CLEAN ENERGY

With our ambition to achieve Net Zero GHG emissions by 2050, we are committed to increasing our energy efficiency. Since FY'19, we have made efforts to reduce our energy needs in our facilities. With one of North America's largest fleets, we are exploring various alternate-fuel opportunities and how they operate in our routebased business.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SDG 12: RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION AND PRODUCTION

Consistent with our Corporate Culture, our employee-partners are expected to adhere to all relevant laws, policies and regulations as they operate on our behalf. We monitor developments in areas that impact our business and evolve our processes to incorporate compliant practices including the use of chemicals in our business. We have programs aimed at reducing our waste strategies and are beginning to further develop waste-reduction practices.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

TO LEARN MORE, VISIT CINTAS.COM/ESG OR SCAN THE QR CODE

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->