<!-- image -->

CITIZENS, INC. | 2022 ANNUAL REPORT

INSURANCE IS A PROMISE MADE. CITIZENS IS A PROMISE KEPT.  ™

## INSURING OUR FUTURE

## FORM 10-K REPORT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE INFORMATION AVAILABILITY

Citizens, Inc.'s Results of Operations and Financial Position for the year ending December 31, 2022 have been presented in your Annual Report as well as in the Form 10-K report filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. A copy of the Form 10-K report, with the Financial Statements and the schedules thereto, will be mailed without charge (except for exhibits) to a shareholder upon written request to the Secretary, Citizens, Inc., P.O. Box 149151, Austin, TX 78714-9151. The 10-K, Committee Charters, Code of Ethics and Related Corporate Governance information may be found on the company's website at www.citizensinc.com .

THIS ANNUAL REPORT SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS PROXY SOLICITATION MATERIAL NOR AS A COMMUNICATION BY WHICH ANY SOLICITATION IS TO BE MADE

CITIZENS, INC. | 2022 ANNUAL REPORT CITIZENS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## INDEX

PAGES 2-3 Letter to Shareholders PAGE 4 Form 10-K (For Year Ended December 31, 2022) INSIDE BACK COVER Corporat e Information

CITIZENS, INC. | 2022 ANNUAL REPORT

<!-- image -->

## PRESIDENT'S LETTER

Did you know it takes 212 degrees to boil water?  Anything less, water will not boil; it may be hot, but it will not boil.  Only by boiling water can you produce steam, and pressurized steam produces power. In fact, in 2021, steam turbines were used to generate the majority of the world's electricity and they accounted for about 45% of U.S. electricity generation.   To produce this powerful steam that powers so much of the global economy and produces the electricity to run our lives, the water must get to 212 degrees.  At 190 degrees, no steam, at 200 degrees, no steam, no steam at 210 or 211 - only by getting the temperature to 212 degrees can you achieve the necessary changes to produce steam and gain the benefits of steam power.   That last degree to get to 212 is the difference between hot water and the power of steam.  At times, one little degree more means a world of difference in the results. Such a small increase can make a big difference.  Look back at the 2012 Olympic women's triathlon. The Olympic triathlon comprises a 1.5km swim, a 40km bike ride, and a 10km run. In the 2012 Olympics, Swiss competitor Nicola Spirig battled Sweden's Lisa Norden for nearly 2 hours.  When the event was over it was a dead heat - with Spirig winning by one-hundredth of a second.   Imagine racing that long and one-hundredth of a second decides the winner.  There are numerous examples of very little differences between winning and coming in second place just like there is only one degree between hot water and the power of steam.

At Citizens, we are dedicated to 212-degree performance.  We define 212 degrees in terms of effort, in terms of passion, in terms of commitment, and in terms of caring.  This combination of our effort, passion, commitment and caring delivers our results.

212-degree EFFORT is the attention to the little details, to the little extras that change the results.  In many sporting events, the score is often influenced by that little grit of effort that changed the outcome of a play and of a game.  We believe our efforts to strategically move Citizens forward - implementing a white label insurance program and moving our international business to Puerto Rico, as examples - will change the results for our policyholders and shareholders.

212-degree PASSION is seen in the passion we have for our policyholders, the passion to support our Independent Consultants and agents, the passion for our shareholders, and the passion of being there for our teammates.  Passion is seen in the care and empathy we bring to the job, the emotion of finding solutions.

212-degree COMMITMENT is the commitment we bring to fulfill the promises to our policyholders, as we believe insurance is a promise and CITIZENS is a promise kept.  212-degree commitment is the determination we have to be there for our policyholders, for our Independent Consultants and agents. 212-degree commitment drives us to find better products, to implement improvements to claims processes, to underwriting, to distribution and administrative functions, and to implement better technology to serve all our stakeholders.

## PRESIDENT'S LETTER

212-degree CARING is the difference in caring about the promise enough to deliver to the policyholder, the agent or the internal customer.  I heard many years ago that no one cares how much you know until they know how much you care. 212-degree caring is caring enough that we sacrifice of ourselves in order to demonstrate the care we have for those we are serving.

Citizens and all our companies are dedicated to turning up the heat in our performance to raise the temperature to 212 degrees.  We do not want to just produce hot water; we will perform at a level that produces steam to power great results for our stakeholders.  We know that it's our EFFORT, our PASSION, our COMMITMENT, and our CARING that makes a difference that differentiates us from other insurance companies.

Sincerely,

<!-- image -->

Gerald W. Shields President and Chief Executive Officer

3.

## FORM 10-K WWW.CITIZENSINC.COM

FINISH STRONG

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER:  000-16509

<!-- image -->

( Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter )

84-0755371

(I.R.S. employer identification no.)

Colorado

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

11815 Alterra Pkwy, Suite 1500, Austin, TX          78758

(Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip Code)

(512) 837-7100

Registrant's telephone number, including area code

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act

Class A Common Stock

(Title of each class)

CIA

(Trading symbol(s))

New York Stock Exchange

(Name of each exchange on which registered)

## Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act

None

(Title of class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

☐ Yes ☒ No

Indicate  by  check  mark  if  the  registrant  is  not  required  to  file  reports  pursuant  to  Section  13  or  Section  15(d)  of  the  Act. ☐ Yes ☒ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. ☒ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). ☒ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.  See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:

Large accelerated filer ☐

Accelerated filer ☒

Non-accelerated filer

☐ Smaller reporting company

☒ Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  has  filed  a  report  on  and  attestation  to  its  management's  assessment  of  the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). ☐

Yes ☒ No

As  of  June  30,  2022,  the  aggregate  market  value  of  the  Class  A  common  stock  held  by  non-affiliates  of  the  registrant  was approximately $204,915,579.

Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of March 07, 2023.

Class A: 49,840,115 Class B: -

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part III of this Report incorporates by reference certain portions of the definitive proxy materials to be delivered to stockholders in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "2023 Proxy Statement").  The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.

<!-- image -->

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Page  PART I  Item 1.  Business  2  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  12  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  24  Item 2.  Properties  25  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  25  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  26  PART II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases  of Equity Securities  27  Item 6.  [Reserved]  27  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  28  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  56  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  56  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  56  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  56  Item 9B.  Other Information  59  Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection  59  PART III  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  60  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  60  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related  Stockholder Matters  60  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  60  Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  60  PART IV  Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  61   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

113

## FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K ('Form 10-K') contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this Form 10-K other than  statements  of  historical  fact,  including  statements  regarding  our  future  results  of  operations  and financial  position,  our  business  strategy  and  plans,  our  expected  capital  needs,  and  our  objectives  for future operations, are forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as 'future,' 'anticipates,'  'believes,'  'estimates,'  'expects,'  'intends,'  'plans,'  'predicts,'  'will,' 'would,' 'could,' 'can,' 'may,' and similar terms. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Form 10K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors  on  our  business  or  the  extent  to  which  any  factor,  or  combination  of  factors,  may  cause  actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements.

We assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.  You should be aware that factors not referred to above could affect the accuracy of our forward-looking  statements  and  use  caution  and  common  sense  when  considering  our  forward-looking statements.

## ACCESS TO INFORMATION

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and  information  statements,  and  other  information  regarding  issuers,  including  the  Company,  that  file electronically with the SEC.  The public can obtain any documents that the Company files with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.    We  also  make  available,  free  of  charge,  through  our  Internet  website  (http:// www.citizensinc.com),  our  Annual  Reports  on  Form  10-K,  Quarterly  Reports  on  Form  10-Q,  Current Reports on Form 8-K, Section 16 Reports filed by officers and directors, and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC.  We are not including any of the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Form 10-K.

## Item 1. BUSINESS

## OVERVIEW

Citizens, Inc. ("Citizens" or the "Company") is an insurance holding company incorporated in Colorado serving the life  insurance  needs  of  individuals  in  the  United  States  since  1969  and  internationally  since  1975.  Through  our domestic insurance subsidiaries, we are licensed to provide insurance benefits to residents in 32 U.S. states and through  our  international  subsidiaries,  we  provide  insurance  benefits  to  residents  in  more  than  70  different countries.  We pursue a strategy of offering traditional insurance products in niche markets where we believe we are able to achieve competitive advantages.  We had approximately $1.6 billion of assets at December 31, 2022 and approximately $4.3 billion of insurance in force.

We operate in two business segments:

- Life Insurance segment - Internationally, we primarily sell U.S. dollar-denominated ordinary whole life  insurance  and  endowment policies to non-U.S. residents, located principally in Latin America and  the  Pacific  Rim.  Domestically,  we  sell  whole  life  insurance,  credit  life,  credit  disability  and critical illness products.
- Home Service  Insurance  segment  -  we  sell  final  expense  life  insurance  and  property  insurance policies  to  middle-  and  lower-income  households,  as  well  as  whole  life  products  with  higher allowable face values, in Louisiana, Mississippi and Arkansas.

## Our Principal Brands

<!-- image -->

## PART I

## LIFE INSURANCE SEGMENT

Internationally, we conduct our Life Insurance segment business through CICA Life Ltd., a Bermuda company ("CICA International")  and,  beginning  January  1,  2023,  through  CICA Life, A.I., a Puerto Rico company ("CICA PR"). Domestically,  we  conduct  business  primarily  through  CICA  Life Insurance Company of America ("CICA").

## HOME SERVICE INSURANCE SEGMENT

<!-- image -->

We  conduct  our  Home  Service  Insurance  segment  through Security Plan Life Insurance Company ("SPLIC"), Security Plan Fire Insurance Company ("SPFIC") and Magnolia Guaranty Life Insurance Company ("Magnolia").

As an insurance provider, we collect premiums on an ongoing basis from our policyholders and invest the majority of the premiums to pay future benefits, including claims, surrenders and policyholder dividends.  Accordingly, the Company  derives  its  revenues  principally  from:  (1)  premiums  earned  for  insurance  coverage  provided  to  our policyholders; and (2) net investment income.  In addition to paying and reserving for insurance benefits that we pay to  our  policyholders,  our  expenses  consist  primarily  of  the  costs  of  selling  our  insurance  products  (e.g., commissions, underwriting, marketing expenses), operating expenses and income taxes.

Because collection of premiums is the primary source of our revenues, our overall financial performance depends primarily upon the development and distribution of our products. A key to product development is the pricing of our insurance products and the accuracy of our pricing assumptions. We seek to price our insurance policies such that insurance premiums and future net investment income earned on premiums received will cover the ultimate cost of paying claims on our policies, our expenses and will also yield a profit margin. Pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors, including proper evaluation of underwriting risks, the ability  to  project  future  losses  based  on historical  loss  experience  adjusted  for  known  trends,  the  Company's  response  to  competitors,  commission payments for  selling  our  products,  the  ability  to  obtain  regulatory  approval  for  rate  changes,  expectations  about regulatory and legal developments and expense levels.

In  order  to  manage the risks related to pricing, we employ underwriting procedures to assess and quantify risks before we issue policies.  Insurance applications are reviewed to make two determinations: first, eligibility based on established underwriting guidelines and second, the applicable premium.  We periodically review our underwriting requirements and make changes as needed.

We also seek to manage pricing risk through:

- favorable risk selection and diversification;
- management of claims;
- use of reinsurance;
- careful monitoring of our mortality and morbidity experience; and
- management of our expense ratio.

In addition to insurance premiums, the investment return, or yield, on invested assets is an important element of the Company's  earnings  since  insurance  products  are  priced  with  the  assumption  that  premiums  received  can  be invested for a period of time before benefits are paid.  Pursuant to regulatory guidelines, most of the Company's invested  assets  are  held  in  available-for-sale  ("AFS")  fixed  maturity  securities,  primarily  in  asset  classes  of corporate  bonds,  municipal  bonds,  and  government  obligation  bonds.    The  interest  rate  environment  has  a significant  impact  on  the  determination  of  insurance  contract  liabilities,  our  investment  rates  and  yields,  and  our asset/liability  management.    The  profitability  of  our  "spread-based"  product  features  depends  largely  on  the Company's ability to earn higher returns on invested assets than the interest we credit to policyholders.

The primary investment objective for the Company is to maximize economic value, consistent with acceptable risk parameters, including the management of credit risk and interest rate sensitivity of invested assets, while generating sufficient  after-tax  income  to  meet  policyholder  and  corporate  obligations.  The  Company  maintains  a  prudent investment strategy that may vary based on a variety of factors including business needs, regulatory requirements and tax considerations.

## IN 2021, WE BECAME A NON-CONTROLLED COMPANY

Throughout most of our history, the Company was led and controlled by our founder Harold E. Riley and his family members.  Mr. Riley passed away in 2017 and in 2020, a change-in-control of our Company occurred when the shares held by the Harold E. Riley Trust were transferred to the Harold E. Riley Foundation (the 'Foundation'). In February 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with the Foundation to purchase all of the outstanding shares  of  Class  B  common  stock  for  a  purchase  price  of  $9.1  million  (the  'B  Share  Transaction').  After  the completion  of  the  B  Share  Transaction  and  the  appointment  of  a  new  Chief  Executive  Officer,  we  believe  the Company was positioned to offer stability to our management team, employees and independent sales force and was able to move forward with new business and strategic initiatives, as described below.

## STRATEGIC INITIATIVES

Historically, our insurance companies have only issued a few products and had limited distribution channels. Since the  change-in-control  described  above,  our  growth  strategy  shifted  to  focusing  on  sales  growth,  improved  policy retention, roadmap execution, and financial and expense discipline.

We believe that our roadmap execution is key to achieving sales growth, as it helps us expand our product offerings and distribution across our three markets (international life, domestic life and home services) by focusing on three specific  sales  levers  in  each  market-  products,  promotions  and  processes.    Specifically,  we  implemented  a  fivequarter roadmap that lays out the following:

- Products .  We are focusing on our customer needs by offering new products tailored to our specific markets and enhancing existing products.  New products also help our sales force, as they can sell

additional  products  to  existing  customers  and  offer  a  broader  portfolio  of  products  to  entice prospective customers.

- Promotions . We are focused on implementing sales promotions and campaigns in order to align our sales consultant compensation opportunities with our premium revenue goals, and our growth and retention initiatives.
- Processes .  We  are  implementing  process  improvements  and  new  technologies  in  order  to  get products to our customers faster and improve services for both our policyholders and our agents, as well as helping our employees work more effectively and efficiently.

## Status of New and Enhanced Products; Trends in Market Demand

As mentioned above, offering new and enhanced products are key to achieving our strategic goals.  In 2022 we:

- Introduced  eight  new  products  or  product  enhancements  (e.g.,  riders)  across  our  three  markets, leading to first year premium revenue growth of 4% in our Life Insurance segment.
- Entered into a white-label distribution partnership with an independent insurance agency specializing in distribution of final expense products and related services, to sell newly developed final expense insurance products through their distribution channel.
- Continued the transformation of our Home Services Insurance segment to become a sales-focused organization, leading to an 18% increase in policies issued in this segment.

## Retention

As policy surrenders have increased in our business over the last several years, we formed a retention steering team in an effort to curb policy surrenders in 2021. This team focused on cultivating and executing on ideas that would  increase  each  of  our  segments'  overall  retention,  while  being  beneficial  to  our  policyholders.    Our  Life Insurance segment improved policy retention in 2022 due to these efforts.

As we seek to optimize value for the Company's shareholders, customers and distributors, we believe our efforts to develop and enhance our products, incentivize our sales force and make process and technology improvements will continue to put the Company on a stronger financial footing and drive sustainable growth.

## LIFE INSURANCE SEGMENT

Until  December  31,  2022,  our  Life  Insurance  segment  primarily  operated  through  CICA  Life  Ltd.  ("CICA International"), a Bermuda company.  Upon surveying the market demands and needs of our policyholders, in 2022 we formed a new subsidiary in Puerto Rico, CICA Life, A.I. ("CICA PR").  CICA PR received a license in September 2022 to  issue  business  as  a  Puerto  Rico  international  insurer  for  the  Company's  international  portion  of  its  Life Insurance  segment.  Beginning  January  1,  2023,  all  new  international  policies  are  issued  by  CICA  PR.  Because CICA PR provides our non-U.S. policyholders the ability to purchase policies in a U.S. territory and in a jurisdiction where the primary language spoken is Spanish, which is the primary language of the majority of our international policyholders, we believe this change will drive sales and improve policy retention, leading to revenue growth.

## INTERNATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE

## Sales

We focus our international sales to residents in Latin America and the Pacific Rim. As of December 31, 2022, we had insurance policies in force in more than 70 foreign countries and receive the majority of our premiums from

Colombia, Venezuela, Taiwan, Ecuador and Argentina.  International direct premiums comprised approximately 96% of total direct premiums in the Life Insurance segment and 69% of our total consolidated direct premiums in 2022.

<!-- image -->

We believe positive attributes of our international insurance business typically include:

- larger face amount policies issued when compared to our U.S. operations, which results in lower underwriting and administrative costs per dollar of coverage;
- high persistency and low mortality charges due to our customer demographics; and
- premiums paid annually at the beginning of each policy year rather than monthly or quarterly, which reduces our administrative expenses, accelerates cash flow and results in lower policy lapse rates than premium payment options with more frequently scheduled payments.

We sell our products internationally through independent marketing agencies and consultants who specialize in life insurance  products.    We  enter  into  contracts  with  the  independent  marketing  agencies  pursuant  to  which  they recruit, train and supervise their managers and associates in the sales and service of our products.  These agencies receive  commissions  for  products  they  sell,  as  well  as  commission  overrides  on  the  business  that  their  agents produce and, in return for the override, they guarantee any debt their agents owe to us.  Their agents also contract directly with us as independent consultants and receive commission compensation directly from us.  This allows us to develop a relationship with their associates so if an agency contract is terminated for any reason, we may seek to continue  the  existing  independent  consultant  marketing  arrangements  with  the  associates  of  such  agency.    Our agreements typically provide that the agencies and their agents are independent consultants responsible for their own  operational  expenses  and  are  the  representative  of  the  prospective  insured.    Our  contracts  require  the independent marketing agencies and consultants to understand and comply with all laws applicable to sales of our products in their country.

## Products

CICA  PR  and  prior  to  January  1,  2023,  CICA  International,  issues  primarily  ordinary  whole  life  insurance  and endowment products in U.S. dollar-denominated amounts to non-U.S. residents.  The whole life insurance products are designed to provide a fixed amount of insurance coverage over the life of the insured and can include rider benefits to provide additional coverage and annuity benefits to enhance accumulations.  Our endowment contracts are principally accumulation contracts that incorporate an element of life insurance protection. These products have premium rates  that  are  competitive  with  most  foreign  local  companies  and  have  been  structured  to  provide  the policyowners with:

- U.S. dollar-denominated cash values that accumulate, beginning in the first policy year, throughout a policyholder's lifetime;
- protection against devaluation of the policyowners' local currency;
- capital investment in a more secure economic environment (i.e., the U.S.); and
- lifetime income guarantees for an insured or for surviving beneficiaries.

Our  international  products  have  both  living  and  death  benefit  features.  Most  policies  contain  guaranteed  cash values and are participating (i.e., provide for cash dividends as apportioned by CICA PR's and CICA International's

board of directors).  Once a policyowner pays the annual premium and the policy is issued, the owner becomes entitled to policy cash dividends and may elect to receive annual premium benefits.  The policyowner has several options  with  regards  to  the  policy  dividends  and  annual  premium  benefits,  which  include,  among  other  things, electing  to  receive  cash,  crediting  such  amounts  towards  the  payment  of  premiums  on  the  policy,  leaving  such amounts on deposit with the Company to accumulate at a defined interest rate or assigning them to a third-party. Under the "assigned to a third-party" provision, the Company has historically allowed policyowners, after receiving a copy of the Citizens, Inc. Stock Investment Plan (the "CISIP") prospectus and acknowledging their understanding of the risks of investing in Citizens Class A common stock, the right to assign policy values outside of the policy to the CISIP,  which  is  administered  in  the  United  States  by  Computershare  Trust  Company,  N.A.,  our  third-party  plan administrator and an affiliate of Computershare, Inc., our transfer agent.  The CISIP is a direct stock purchase plan available to policyowners, shareholders, our employees and directors, independent consultants, and other potential investors through the Computershare website.  The Company has registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable to participants under the CISIP on a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") that is on file with the SEC.  Computershare administers the CISIP in accordance with the terms and conditions of the CISIP, which is available on the Computershare website and as part of the Company's registration statement on file with the SEC.

## Competition

The  life  insurance  business  is  highly  competitive.    Internationally,  we  compete  with  a  number  of  life  insurance companies, as well as with financial institutions that offer insurance products.

We face competition from other insurance companies that operate in the same markets and manner as we do. Additionally, some of our competitors are local companies formed and operated in the country in which an insured resides, and others are companies foreign to the countries in which their products are sold, but issue insurance policies  denominated in  the  local  currency  of  those  countries  or  issue  products  approved  by  regulators  of  those countries.    Some  of  these  companies  may  have  a  competitive  advantage  over  us  due  to  their  greater  financial resources, histories of successful operations and brand recognition, local licensing, partnering with local insurance companies and larger marketing forces.

We  believe  that  we  have  a  competitive  advantage  over  some  of  our  competitors  because  premiums  on  our international policies are paid in U.S. dollars, cash value is accumulated in U.S. dollars, and we pay claims and benefits in U.S. dollars. We believe this provides security and stability to our insureds, who are generally individuals in the middle- to upper-middle class in their respective countries with significant net worth and earnings.  Therefore, our products protect them from the inflationary risks and economic crises that have been common in many of our top-producing foreign countries.

## DOMESTIC LIFE INSURANCE

We operate our domestic life insurance business through CICA Life Insurance Company of America ("CICA") and Citizens National Life Insurance Company ("CNLIC"). In 2022, domestic direct life insurance premiums comprised approximately 4% of total direct premiums in the Life Insurance segment and 3% of our consolidated total direct premiums.  The majority of our domestic in force business results from renewal premiums from blocks of business of insurance companies we have acquired over the years. In 2022, we began our "white label" program, expanding CICA's state licenses and filing new white label products in multiple states.

## HOME SERVICE INSURANCE SEGMENT

We operate  our  domestic  Home  Service  Insurance  segment  through  SPLIC,  Magnolia  and  SPFIC.    SPLIC  and Magnolia primarily issue final expense life insurance products to middle- and lower-income individuals, primarily in Louisiana, Mississippi and Arkansas. Prior to 2021, all of our Home Service Insurance products issued by SPLIC were  sold  primarily  through  employee  agents  who  worked  on  a  debit  route  system.  In  2020  and  2021,  we transformed this segment by converting a large portion of our sales force to independent agents, reducing layers of management  and  introducing  new  products  for  the  first  time  in  almost  35  years.    This  transformation  led  to increased sales and decreased operational expenses in 2022.

Policies issued by Magnolia are primarily burial policies which are sold and serviced through funeral homes, who are also typically the beneficiaries of the policies.

SPFIC is a limited liability casualty company that sells small face value property insurance policies covering dwelling and  contents,  primarily  in  Louisiana.    In  2021,  we  expanded  our  product  offering  to Arkansas  and  in  2022,  we discontinued  selling  coverage  in  high-risk  parishes  in  Louisiana  in  part  to  mitigate  the  risk  of  hurricane-related claims that have impacted our business in 2021.

In 2022, our Home Service Insurance segment comprised 28% of our total consolidated direct premiums.

## Products and Competition

Our  Home  Service  Insurance  products  consist  primarily  of  small  face  amount  ordinary  whole  life  and  pre-need policies, which are designed to fund final expenses for the insured (e.g. funeral and burial costs).  The average life insurance  policy  face  amount  issued  in  2022  was  approximately  $10,600  per  policy.  Due  to  the  lower  risk associated with small face amount polices, the underwriting performed on these applications is limited.  As part of the  Home  Service  Insurance  segment  transformation  mentioned  above,  in  2021  we  introduced  a  new  product, Security  Plan  Plus,  which  has  a  higher  allowed  face  amount.    In  December  2021,  we  also  introduced  a  critical illness product, which pays the insured a lump sum following the diagnosis of an illness covered under the plan.  To a much lesser extent, our Home Service Insurance segment sells property insurance policies covering dwellings and content.  We provide $30,000 maximum coverage on any one dwelling and contents policy, while content-only coverage and dwelling-only coverage are both limited to $20,000.

We face competition  in  Louisiana,  Mississippi  and Arkansas  from  other  companies  specializing  in  final  expense insurance as well as from other property and casualty insurance companies.  We seek to compete based upon our emphasis on personal service to our customers.  We intend to continue premium growth within this segment via our new products and increased focus on direct sales through our independent agents.

## REINSURANCE

We  follow  the  industry  practice  of  reinsuring  a  portion  of  our  insurance  risks  with  unaffiliated  reinsurers.    In  a reinsurance transaction, a reinsurer agrees to indemnify another insurer for part or all of its liability under a policy or policies  it  has  issued  for  an  agreed  upon  premium.  We  participate  in  reinsurance  activities  in  order  to  minimize exposure to significant risks, limit losses, and provide additional capacity for future growth. We enter into various agreements with  reinsurers  that  cover  individual  risks,  group  risks  or  defined  blocks  of  business,  primarily  on  a coinsurance, yearly renewable term, excess of loss or catastrophe excess basis.

For the majority of our life insurance business, we generally retain the first $100,000 of risk on any one life and reinsure the remainder of the risk.  Therefore, under the terms of the reinsurance agreements, the reinsurers agree to reimburse us for the ceded amount (i.e., the death benefit amount less our retained risk) in the event a claim is paid. Cessions under reinsurance agreements do not discharge our obligations as the primary insurer. In the event reinsurers do not meet their obligations under the terms of the reinsurance agreements, reinsurance recoverable balances could become uncollectible.

For  SPFIC,  we  obtain  catastrophic  reinsurance  in  order  to  minimize  the  risks  related  to  payments  we  owe  our insureds due to catastrophic events, such as hurricanes. Upon the occurrence of a catastrophic event,  we retain (i.e. pay) the first $1 million in claims, our first layer of reinsurance provides 100% coverage of the next $1 million in claims, and our second layer of reinsurance provides 85% coverage in excess of $2 million up to $11 million in claims  for  each  loss  occurrence.    Upon  the  occurrence  of  a  catastrophic  event,  in  order  to  continue  receiving reinsurance, we also have to pay reinstatement premiums in order to be covered for another catastrophic event in the same calendar year.

Our  amounts  recoverable  from  reinsurers  represent  receivables  from  and/or  reserves  ceded  to  reinsurers.  The amounts recoverable from reinsurers were $4.6 million as of December 31, 2022.

We focus on obtaining reinsurance from a diverse group of well-established reinsurers. All of our reinsurers are rated A-  (Excellent)  or  higher  by A.M.  Best.  We  regularly  evaluate  the  financial  condition  of  our  reinsurers  and monitor concentration risk with our reinsurers.

## OTHER NON-INSURANCE ENTERPRISES

Other Non-Insurance Enterprises includes the results of our parent company, Citizens, Inc. and our non-insurance subsidiary, Computing Technology, Inc., which primarily provide the Company's corporate-support and information technology functions to the insurance operations.

## OPERATIONS AND TECHNOLOGY

Most of our operations are based at our corporate headquarters in Austin, Texas. We also conduct operations for our Home Service Insurance segment from our district offices in Louisiana, Arkansas and Mississippi, as well as our service center in Donaldsonville, Louisiana. For the international portion of our Life Insurance segment, operations including underwriting, policy issuance, claims processing, accounting and reporting related to certain international policies are currently conducted in Bermuda.

We have a proprietary single, centrally-controlled, mainframe-based policy administrative system (PAS) that we use for  all  of  our  insurance  companies.  Our  PAS  performs  various  functions  to  effectively  handle  our  insurance operations.  These functions include policy set-up, administration, billing and collections, commission calculation, valuation, automated data edits, storage backup, image management and other related functions. Each company and block of business we have acquired has been converted onto our PAS.  The Company is actively engaged in continued modernization of technology to invest and expand into new opportunities. This modernization allows us to bring  new  products  to  market  rapidly  and  automate  insurance  interactions  to  enhance  user  experience.    This investment is foundational to the Company's growth strategy as we pursue new product innovation and provides:

- our customers and agents with portals to be able to access account information 24/7;
- our  policyholder  service  and  claims  representatives  with  a  customer  account-centric  view  of  our policyholders  and  beneficiaries,  reducing  customer  inquiry  response  time  and  claims  processing time; and
- business-to-business solutions.

## REGULATION

The  insurance  industry  is  heavily  regulated  and  both  Citizens  and  our  insurance  subsidiaries  are  subject  to regulation  and  supervision  by  the  U.S.  states  in  which  they  do  business,  by  U.S.  federal  laws,  and  for  CICA International and CICA PR, by Bermuda and Puerto Rico, respectively.

## REGULATION OF OUR INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS

## Bermuda

CICA  International,  our  Bermuda  domiciled  subsidiary,  is  subject  to  regulation  and  supervision  by  the  Bermuda Monetary  Authority  (the  "BMA")  and  compliance  with  all  applicable  Bermuda  laws  and  insurance  statutes  and regulations, including but not limited to Bermuda's Insurance Act of 1978 (the "Insurance Act"). The Insurance Act regulates the insurance business of CICA International and provides that no person may conduct any insurance business in or within Bermuda unless registered as an insurer under the Insurance Act by the BMA.

CICA International is registered as a Class E insurer in Bermuda, which is the license class for long-term insurers and  reinsurers  with  total  assets  of  more  than  $500  million.  CICA  International  is  not  licensed  to  conduct  any business other than life insurance business and due to the type of license we have, we may not insure Bermuda domestic  risks  or  risks  of  persons  of,  in  or  based  in  Bermuda  and  thus  we  do  not  offer  insurance  products  to residents of Bermuda.

The Insurance Act imposes solvency and liquidity standards as well as auditing and reporting requirements and confers on the BMA broad powers to supervise, investigate and intervene in the affairs of insurance companies. The Insurance Act requires us to, among other things: file  annual  statutory  financial  returns,  annual  U.S.  GAAP financial  statements,  an  annual  capital  and  solvency  return,  and  annual  Common  Reporting  Standard  reports; deliver  a  declaration  of  compliance;  comply  with  minimum  enhanced  capital  requirements,  minimum  solvency margins, and the BMA's Insurance Code of Conduct; prepare an annual Financial Condition Report providing details

of  measures  governing  our  business  operations,  corporate  governance  framework,  solvency  and  financial performance;  prepare  an  assessment  of  our  own  risk  and  solvency  requirements  (referred  to  as  a  Commercial Insurer's Solvency Self-Assessment); establish and maintain a head and principal office in Bermuda; and appoint an independent auditor and an actuary approved by the BMA.  Additionally, the Insurance Act limits the dividends and distributions that CICA International may make to Citizens, its parent company.

The  BMA  measures  an  insurer's  risk  and  determines  appropriate  levels  of  capitalization  by  using  a  risk-based capital  model  called  the  Bermuda  Solvency  Capital  Requirement  ('BSCR'),  which  CICA  International  uses  to calculate  its  solvency  requirements. The  BSCR  employs  a  standard  mathematical  model  that  correlates  the  risk underwritten by Bermuda insurers to their capital.

In order to minimize the risk of a shortfall in capital arising from an unexpected adverse deviation or excess risk, the BMA requires Bermuda insurers to maintain available statutory capital and surplus at a level equal to or in excess of the enhanced capital requirement, which requires a threshold capital level (termed the Target Capital Level ("TCL")), of 120% of a company's enhanced capital requirement.  The TCL serves as an early warning tool for the BMA.  In addition  to  being  required  to  meet  the  TCL,  at  the  request  of  the  BMA,  on  April  15,  2021,  Citizens  and  CICA International entered into a 'Keep Well Agreement.'  The Keep Well Agreement requires Citizens to contribute up to $10 million in capital to CICA International as necessary to ensure that the company has a minimum capital level of 120%.

## Puerto Rico

CICA  PR,  our  Puerto  Rico  domiciled  subsidiary,  is  regulated  by  the  Puerto  Rico  Office  of  the  Insurance Commissioner ('OIC') and is licensed pursuant to Chapter 61 of the Puerto Rico Insurance Code (the "Insurance Code").   Although  Puerto  Rico  is  a  U.S.  territory,  it  has  its  own  tax  code  and  own  insurance  code,  including  a provision under its Insurance Code (Chapter 61) that allows CICA PR to be established as an "international insurer" and thus export insurance to international markets.  Like in Bermuda, we may not insure risks of residents of Puerto Rico with this type of license and we do not issue policies to U.S. risks through CICA PR.

The Insurance Code does not specifically set forth minimum capital and surplus standards, but rather requires that an insurer submit a business plan for approval to the OIC that includes proposed minimum capital and surplus. CICA PR is required to maintain a minimum of $750,000 in capital and maintain a premium to surplus ratio of 7 to 1. The Insurance Code requires us to file annual U.S. GAAP financial statements with the OIC that include schedules providing  information  regarding  premiums  written  and  reinsurance  assumed  and  ceded,  as  well  as  an  annual actuarial certification.

In addition to compliance with the Insurance Code, CICA PR must comply with other laws and regulations of Puerto Rico, most of which apply to our domestic subsidiaries as well, including the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act and other antimoney laundering laws and regulations of the United States.

## Other International Regulation

Generally, all foreign countries in which we offer insurance products require a license or other authority to conduct insurance business in that country.  Some of these countries also require that local regulatory authorities approve the  terms  of  any  insurance  product  sold  to  residents  of  that  country.    Other  than  Bermuda  and  our  international license in Puerto Rico, we have never qualified to do business in any foreign country or jurisdiction and have never submitted our insurance policies for approval by any foreign or domestic insurance regulatory agency.  As described above,  we  sell  our  policies  to  residents  of  foreign  countries  through  independent  marketing  agencies  and independent consultants located in those countries and we rely on our independent consultants to comply with laws applicable to them in marketing our insurance products in their respective countries.

We  have  undertaken  a  comprehensive  compliance  review  of  risks  associated  with  the  potential  application  of foreign laws to our sales of insurance policies in foreign countries. The application of foreign laws to our sales of insurance  policies  in  foreign  countries  varies  by  country.  There  is  a  lack  of  uniform  regulation,  lack  of  clarity  in certain regulations and lack of legal precedent in addressing circumstances similar to ours.  Our compliance review has confirmed certain risks related to foreign insurance laws associated with our current business model, at least in certain jurisdictions, as described in detail in Item 1A. Risk Factors.

## U.S. REGULATION

Our domestic insurance subsidiaries are primarily regulated by the insurance departments of the state in which they are domiciled (Colorado, Louisiana, Texas and Mississippi). They are also regulated in each of the 32 states and the District  of  Columbia  in  which  we  conduct  insurance  business.    Additionally,  as  Citizens  is  a  Colorado-based company,  the  Colorado  Division  of  Insurance  has  supervisory  authority  over  the  holding  company  and  all  of  its subsidiaries.  In  supervising  and  regulating  insurance  companies,  state  insurance  departments  generally  aim  to protect  policyholders  and  the  public  rather  than  investors,  and  enjoy  broad  authority  and  discretion  in  applying applicable  insurance  laws  and  regulation  for  that  purpose.  The  extent  of  this  regulation  varies,  but  most  U.S. jurisdictions have laws and regulations based upon the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC") model rules governing the financial condition of insurers, including standards of solvency, types and concentration of  investments,  establishment  and  maintenance  of  reserves,  credit  for  reinsurance  and  requirements  of  capital adequacy, and the business conduct of insurers, including marketing and sales practices and claims handling.  In addition, statutes and regulations usually require the licensing of insurers and their agents, the approval of policy forms and related materials and the approval of rates for certain types of insurance products.

Risk-based capital ("RBC") requirements are imposed on life and property and casualty insurance companies.  The NAIC has established minimum capital requirements in the form of RBC.  RBC requirements weight the type of business underwritten by an insurance company, the quality of its assets, and various other aspects of an insurance company's business to develop a minimum level of capital called "authorized control level risk-based capital" and compares  this  level  to  adjusted  statutory  capital  that  includes  capital  and  surplus  as  reported  under  statutory accounting principles, plus certain investment reserves.  Should the ratio of adjusted statutory capital to control level risk-based  capital  fall  below  200%,  a  series  of  actions  would  be  required  by  the  affected  company,  including submitting a capital plan to the department of insurance in the insurance company's state of domicile.

Insurance regulatory authorities (including state law enforcement agencies and attorneys general) periodically make inquiries and regularly conduct examinations regarding compliance by us and our subsidiaries with insurance and other  laws  and  regulations  regarding  the  conduct  of  our  insurance  businesses.    It  is  our  practice  to  fully  and consistently cooperate with such inquiries and examinations and take corrective action when warranted.

Because Citizens is a holding company that directly and indirectly owns insurance operating subsidiaries, we are also subject to regulation in our four domiciliary states that require us to furnish the respective insurance regulators with financial and other information concerning the operations of, and the interrelationships and transactions among, the  companies  within  our  holding  company  system  that  may  materially  affect  the  operations,  management  or financial  condition  of  the  insurers  within  the  system.  Generally,  these  laws  and  regulations  require  that  all transactions within a holding company system between an insurer and its affiliates be fair and reasonable and that the insurer's statutory capital and surplus following any transaction with an affiliate be both reasonable in relation to its  outstanding  liabilities  and  adequate  to  its  financial  needs.    For  certain  types  of  agreements  and  transactions between an insurer and its affiliates, these laws and regulations require prior notification to, and non-disapproval or approval by, the insurance regulatory authority of the insurer's jurisdiction of domicile. These laws also require that a controlling  party  obtain  the  approval  of  the  insurance  commissioner  of  the  insurance  company's  jurisdiction  of domicile prior to acquiring or divesting control of the insurer.

The payment of dividends or other distributions to Citizens by our insurance subsidiaries is also regulated by the insurance  laws  and  regulations  of  their  respective  state  or  jurisdiction  of  domicile.    The  laws  and  regulations  of some of these jurisdictions also prohibit  an  insurer  from  declaring  or  paying  a  dividend  except  out  of  its  earned surplus or require the insurer to obtain regulatory approval before it may do so.  In addition, insurance regulators may prohibit the payment of ordinary dividends or other payments by our insurance subsidiaries to us (such as a payment under a tax sharing agreement or for employee or other services) if they determine such payment could be adverse to policyholders or insurance contract holders of the subsidiary.

While primarily regulated at the state level, our domestic business is subject to federal laws and regulations, such as  the  USA  Patriot  Act  of  2001,  the  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices  Act,  the  Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act  of  1999,  the International  Money  Laundering Abatement  and  Financial Anti-Terrorism Act  of  2001,  the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act  of 2002,  the  Dodd-Frank  Wall  Street  Reform  and  Consumer  Protection  Act  and  the  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act,  are examples of U.S. laws that affect our business.  We are subject to comprehensive regulations under the USA Patriot Act  and  the  U.S.  Bank  Secrecy Act  with  respect  to  money  laundering,  as  well  as  federal  regulations  regarding

privacy and confidentiality.  Our U.S.-based insurance products and thus our businesses also are affected by U.S. federal, state and local tax laws.

## HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES

## Composition and Demographics

Our  human  capital  is  a  critical  component  to  our  success.  Our  employees  implement  and  drive  our  strategic initiatives  and  contribute  to  the  success  of  our  products  (development,  underwriting,  pricing  adequacy,  customer service), promotions and processes.  Our employees in our claims department are ultimately tasked with "keeping our promise".  Our independent consultants and agents also drive our key goals, as they sell our insurance products and  provide  local  services  to  our  global  base  of  policyholders.  We  also  believe  that  we  derive  a  great  deal  of strength from our diverse workforce. Fostering an equitable and inclusive workplace with diverse teams produces more creative solutions and results in more innovative products and services and is crucial to our efforts to attract, develop and retain key talent.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 224 employees. The pie charts below illustrate the gender, racial, ethnicity, and generational make-up of our total employee workforce as of such date.

<!-- image -->

Racial/Ethnic Composition of Total Workforce

<!-- image -->

Generational Composition of Total Workforce

<!-- image -->

Management Level or Higher

<!-- image -->

Racial/Ethnic Composition of Management Level or Higher

<!-- image -->

Generational Composition of Management Level or Higher

<!-- image -->

We  determine  race,  ethnicity,  gender,  and  generation  based  on  our  employees'  self-identification  or  other information compiled to meet requirements of the U.S. government.

None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement.

We do not utilize captive employee agents to distribute our products and thus contract with almost 1,000 actively producing independent consultants internationally and almost 600 independent agencies and agents domestically to sell and service our insurance products. Our independent agents generally reflect the demographics of the areas in which they sell their products, i.e ., our agents in Latin America are almost all Hispanic or Latino and our agents in Taiwan are almost all Asian.

In order to continue to develop, sell and administer our products, it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain both experienced employees and independent agents.

## Compensation and Benefits

Our compensation program is designed to attract and retain talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for our stockholders. We  provide employees  with compensation  packages  that include base  salary and annual performance-based bonus opportunities that include cash, and for our executive officers, long-term equity awards in the  form  of  restricted  stock  units  ("RSUs").  We  believe  that  a  compensation  program  with  both  short-term  cash awards  and  long-term  equity  awards  provides  fair  and  competitive  compensation  and  aligns  employee  and stockholder interests. In addition to cash and equity compensation, we also offer standard employee benefits such as life and health (medical, dental and vision) insurance, HSA contributions, paid parental leave, and a 401(k) plan.

Independent agents work for themselves and may sell insurance policies for a variety of insurers and make most of their  money through sales commissions and bonuses.  We attract and retain our independent agent sales force through  the  use  of  our  commission  structure  and  agent  campaigns  and  promotions,  including  annual  sales conventions.  We believe that our standard commission structure is attractive and competitive in the market. In our Life Insurance segment, we believe our campaigns and promotions provide an extra incentive to agents that not only promote first year premium growth, but also create improvements within policyholder retention.  In our Home Service Insurance segment, we believe our agent campaigns and promotions are critical in attracting and retaining our independent agent sales force. This business contains a large block of existing in force policies. To ensure we maintain this book of business, the agent campaigns and promotions provide an extra incentive to not only grow the business but to collect on the existing policies.    We  believe  that  creating  agent  campaigns  and  promotions  with additional incentives provides long-term value for our shareholders.

## Wellness

We are committed to the health and safety of our work force and compliance with applicable regulatory and legal requirements.    In  response  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  in  2021  we  implemented  operating  changes  that  we determined were in the best interest of the health of our employees, including offering a hybrid work environment where our employees can work part- or full-time from home, depending on their position and circumstances. We have continued with the hybrid work environment as it offers employees flexibility and helps attract and retain talent. We also have implemented training programs to assist our independent agents with online sales efforts in order to minimize face-to-face interactions with potential customers and our policyholders when necessary.

## Item 1A.   RISK FACTORS

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to disclose information required by this Item 1A.  However, we have elected to provide the following discussion of risks as we feel it is important to provide adequate information to our investors regarding the risks of investing in our securities. If any of these risks develop into actual events, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected, and, as a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. These risk factors may also be important to understanding other statements in this Form 10-K. The following information should be read in conjunction with Part I.  Item  3.  Legal  Proceedings,  Part  II.  Item  7.  Management's  Discussion  and Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and

## Results  of  Operations  and  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  accompanying  notes  in  Part  II.  Item  8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report.

Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company's financial condition and operating results, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

## A  SUBSTANTIAL  PORTION  OF  OUR  REVENUE  IS  GENERATED  FROM  INSURANCE  PRODUCTS  SOLD OUTSIDE  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES.    WHILE  OUR  PRODUCTS  ARE  PRICED  AND  PAID  FOR  IN  U.S. DOLLARS, OUR FOREIGN BUSINESS MAY SUBJECT US TO SEVERAL RISKS.

Our sales to residents of foreign countries expose us to unknown risks related to foreign regulation, foreign currency and tax laws, and political instability.  A significant loss of sales in these foreign markets would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

International  Regulatory  Risks. A  substantial  majority  of  our  direct  insurance  premiums,  approximately  69%  at December 31, 2022, are from policyholders in foreign countries, primarily those in Latin America and the Pacific Rim.  Prior to January 1, 2023, these policies were issued by our Bermuda subsidiary, CICA International, and as of January  1,  2023,  are  issued  by  our  Puerto  Rico  subsidiary,  CICA  PR.  Our  products  are  sold  by  independent consultants who are located in the foreign countries in which the policies are sold. Generally, the foreign countries in which  we  offer  insurance  products  require  either  us  and/or  our  independent  consultants  to  obtain  a  license  or register to conduct insurance business in that country. Some of these countries also require that local regulatory authorities approve the terms and rates of any insurance product sold to residents of that country. Some of these countries have laws that state that their residents may not purchase life insurance from us or a consultant may not sell life insurance on our behalf unless we become qualified to do business in that country or unless our policies receive  prior  approval  from  their  insurance  regulators.  Others  have  a  "consumption  abroad"  model  where  their residents may purchase unregistered products only if they are outside of their country when the purchase is made. Other than Puerto Rico and Bermuda, where CICA PR and CICA International are domiciled, respectively, we have never registered to do business in these countries or sought to have our products approved by a governmental authority.

While we have undertaken a comprehensive compliance review of risks associated with the potential application of foreign laws to our sales of insurance policies in foreign countries, the laws vary by country and there is a lack of uniform  regulation  and  lack  of  clarity  in  certain  regulations  and  thus  we  face  various  risks  associated  with  the application of foreign laws to these sales. There is a risk that foreign governments where we sell our products will become more aggressive in enforcing any perceived violations of their laws and seek to impose monetary fines, criminal penalties, and/or order us to cease our sales in that jurisdiction. There is no assurance that, if a foreign country were to require that we qualify to do business in that country or submit our policies for approval by that country's regulatory authorities, we would be able to, or would conclude that it is financially reasonable to comply with those requirements.

We have sought to mitigate the risks described above by, among other things, not locating any of our offices or assets in these foreign countries or jurisdictions, and selling policies only through independent consultants rather than  our  own  employees.  We  rely  on  our  independent  consultants  to  comply  with  laws  applicable  to  them  in marketing  and  servicing  our  insurance  products  in  their  respective  countries.  There  is  no  assurance  that  these precautionary  measures,  practices  and  policies  will  partially  or  entirely  mitigate  the  risks  associated  with  the potential application of foreign laws to our sales of insurance policies in our foreign markets.  Although the Company believes that these foreign regulators do not have jurisdiction over the Company and that any actions, including fines, may be unenforceable against the Company, any regulatory action could otherwise absorb Company time and resources away from its business operations or the Company may choose to pay such fines in order to do business in a particular country. Alternatively, the Company may determine that the risks associated with a particular market and its regulatory environment outweigh the benefits of conducting further business in that market and discontinue doing business there.

Any actions by a foreign government to enforce these laws against us could cause disruption to the marketing and sale  of  our  policies  in  that  country  or  our  withdrawal  from  doing  business  in  that  country,  which  could  have  a material  adverse  effect  on  our  premium  revenue,  our  costs  and  expenses  and  on  our  results  of  operations  and financial condition.

International Currency and Tax Risks. While we only sell U.S. dollar denominated products, currency control laws or other currency exchange restrictions in foreign countries could materially adversely affect our revenues by limiting the ability of our policyholders in such countries to pay premiums in U.S. dollars or to receive U.S. dollar benefits. Difficulties  in  transferring  funds  from  or  converting  currencies  to  U.S.  dollars  in  certain  countries  could  cause  an increase in fees and costs associated with such payments or receipt of benefits and therefore make our products less attractive to such policyholders.

Bermuda participates in the Common Reporting Standard (CRS), which is an information standard for the automatic exchange of information regarding financial accounts on a global level, among tax authorities who participate in CRS.  CICA  International  complies  with  CRS  reporting  requirements  and  therefore  we  send  required  account information to certain foreign tax regulators. Taxes imposed upon our policyholders by these foreign countries may cause our products to be less attractive than other products which may be more tax-advantaged.  A significant loss of sales or surrenders due to tax reporting could materially impact our business.

International Political Risks. Many of the countries in which we operate have a history of political instability, including regime changes, political uprisings, and anti-democratic or anti-U.S. policies. The ability of people living in these countries to purchase and continue to make premium payments on our insurance policies and our ability to sell our policies in those countries through our independent consultants or otherwise may be adversely affected by political instability. Given the nature of our products, in an economic environment characterized by higher unemployment, lower personal income and reduced consumer spending, new product sales may be adversely affected. During such periods, we may also experience higher claims, longer claims duration, increase in policy lapses and/or increase in surrenders, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. In addition,  the  imposition  of  U.S.  sanctions  against  foreign  countries  where  our  policyholders  reside  could  make  it difficult for us to continue to issue new policies and receive premiums from policyholders in those countries.

## We face significant competition in our international markets. If we are unable to compete effectively in these markets, our business, results of operations and profitability may be adversely affected.

CICA  PR  and  CICA  International  offer  U.S.  dollar-denominated  life  insurance  products  to  individuals  residing  in foreign  countries  and  we  depend  on  the  ability  of  our  independent  consultants  in  foreign  countries  to  effectively distribute  our  products.  We  experience  considerable  competition,  primarily  from  the  following  sources,  many  of which have substantially greater financial, marketing and other resources than we have:

- Foreign  companies  with  U.S.  dollar-denominated  policies.    We  face  direct  competition  from companies that operate in the same manner as we do in our international markets, including from a company  formed by some of our former employees and independent consultants who we have sued for, among other things, unfair competition (see, Part I. Item 3. Legal Proceedings);
- Foreign companies with locally operated subsidiaries that are registered in those countries and offer both  local  jurisdiction-regulated  products  in  local  currency  and  off-shore  U.S.  dollar-denominated policies.    This  arrangement  creates  competition  in  that  the  U.S.  dollar-denominated  policies  are cross-sold with high-need local insurance policies such as health insurance; and
- Locally operated companies with local currency policies.  We compete with companies formed and operated in the country in which our foreign insureds reside.

In  addition,  from  time  to  time,  companies  enter  and  exit  the  markets  in  which  we  operate,  thereby  increasing competition  at  times  when  there  are  new  entrants.    We  may  lose  business  to  competitors  offering  competitive products at lower prices, or for other reasons.

Since we rely on independent consultants for distribution of our products in foreign markets, regulation and licensing requirements imposed upon our Company  may  impact  our ability to attract and retain effective sales representatives, who may choose to distribute products of our competitors.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively in any of our markets.  If we do not, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially adversely affected.

## We face a greater risk of money laundering activity associated with sales derived from residents of certain foreign countries.

Some of our top international markets are in countries identified by the U.S. Department of State as jurisdictions of high risk for money laundering. As required by the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act regulations, the Bermuda Proceeds of Crime Act 1997 and the Proceeds of Crime (Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorist Financing) Regulations 2008 applicable to insurance companies, we have developed and implemented an anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing and sanctions program ('AML/ATF and Sanctions Program') that includes policies, procedures, controls, independent  testing,  reporting  and  recordkeeping  requirements  for  deterring,  preventing  and  detecting  potential money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud and other criminal activity in order to comply with U.S. and Bermuda laws. We have an enhanced AML/ATF and Sanctions Program with additional controls, such as watch-list screening beyond  sanctions  screening  required  by  the  U.S.  Office  of  Foreign  Assets  Control  ("OFAC")  and  the  Financial Sanctions Implementation Unit of Bermuda, enhanced payment due diligence and transaction controls. However, there can be no assurance that these enhanced controls will entirely mitigate money laundering risk associated with these jurisdictions.

## PRODUCT - RELATED RISKS

BECAUSE MOST OF OUR REVENUE DERIVES FROM COLLECTION OF PREMIUMS ON OUR PRODUCTS, OUR  OVERALL  FINANCIAL  PERFORMANCE  DEPENDS  PRIMARILY  UPON  THE  PRICING  OF  OUR INSURANCE PRODUCTS AND THE ACCURACY OF OUR PRICING ASSUMPTIONS. CHANGES IN ACTUAL EXPERIENCE,  IMPROPER  EVALUATION  OF  UNDERWRITING  RISK  AND  MISMANAGEMENT  OF  CLAIMS HANDLING  COULD  SIGNIFICANTLY  INCREASE  OUR  BENEFIT  AND  EXPENSE  COSTS  AND  THUS NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.

## The  Company's  success  depends  on  its  ability  to  accurately  underwrite  risks  and  to  charge  adequate premiums to policyholders.

The Company's financial condition, liquidity and results of operations largely depend on the Company's ability to underwrite and set premiums accurately for the risks it faces. Premium rate adequacy is necessary to generate sufficient premiums to cover our cost of sales, costs of operations (including payment of policy benefits) and to earn a  profit.  In  order  to  price  products  accurately,  the  Company  must  develop  and  apply  appropriate  morbidity  and mortality estimates, closely monitor and timely recognize changes in trends, and project both severity and frequency of losses with reasonable accuracy to cover these risks. The Company must also review and properly underwrite applications for life insurance in order to charge a sufficient premium to its policyholders. The Company's ability to undertake these efforts successfully is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation:

- availability of sufficient reliable data;
- incorrect or incomplete analysis of available data;
- uncertainties inherent in estimates and assumptions;
- selection and application of appropriate rating formulae or other pricing methodologies;
- adoption of successful pricing strategies;
- prediction of policyholder life expectancy and retention;
- unforeseen events that may cause our estimates to be wrong (such as the COVID-19 pandemic);
- unanticipated legislation, regulatory action or court decisions; or
- unexpected changes in interest rates or inflation.

Such  risks  may  result  in  the  Company's  pricing  being  based  on  outdated,  inadequate,  or  inaccurate  data,  or inappropriate analyses, assumptions, or methodologies, and may cause the Company to estimate incorrectly future changes  in  the  frequency  or  severity  of  claims.  As  a  result,  the  Company  could  underprice  risks,  which  would negatively affect the Company's margins, or it could overprice risks, which could reduce the Company's volume and competitiveness. The Company's ability to accurately underwrite risks in insurance products depends in part on its ability  to  forecast  such  changes  and  trends.  If  it  is  not  successful  in  doing  so,  the  Company's  operating  results, financial condition, and cash flow could be materially adversely affected.

## Pricing  accuracy  depends  upon  our  ability  to  project  future  losses  based  on  historical  loss  experience, including policyholder retention.  Unanticipated increases in early policyholder withdrawals or surrenders or elections by policyholders to receive lump sum payouts at maturity could negatively impact liquidity.

A primary liquidity concern is the risk of unanticipated or extraordinary early policyholder withdrawals or surrenders. Our  insurance  policies  include  provisions,  such  as  surrender  charges,  that  help  limit  and  discourage  early withdrawals.    We  also  track  and  manage  liabilities  and  align  our  investment  portfolio  in  an  effort  to  maintain sufficient liquidity to support anticipated withdrawal demands. However, early withdrawal and surrender levels may differ  from  anticipated  levels  for  a  variety  of  reasons,  including  changes  in  economic  conditions,  changes  in policyholder  behavior  or  financial  needs,  changes  in  relationships  with  our  independent  consultants,  efforts  by foreign governments to tax policyholders or increases in surrenders among policies that have been in force for more than fifteen years and are no longer subject to surrender charges.

In  addition,  we  face  potential  liquidity  risks  if  policyholders  with  mature  policies  elect  to  receive  lump  sum distributions at greater levels than anticipated. Our whole life and endowment products provide the policyholder with alternatives once the policy matures.  The policyholder can choose to take a lump sum payout or leave the money on deposit at interest with the Company.  The Company has a significant amount of aging endowment products that have  begun  reaching  their  maturities  and  policyholder  election  behavior  is  not  known.  It  is  uncertain  how policyholders  will  react  in  response  to  these  maturities.  If  a  large  number  of  policyholders  elect  lump  sum distributions, the Company could be exposed to liquidity risk in years of high maturities.

If  we  experience  unanticipated  early  withdrawal  or  surrender  activity  or  greater  than  expected  lump  sum distributions  of  endowment  maturities  and  we  do  not  have  sufficient  cash  flow  from  our  insurance  operations  to support payment of these benefits, we may have to sell our investments in order to meet our cash needs or be forced to obtain third-party financing. The availability of such financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the availability of credit in general or more specifically in the insurance industry, the strength or weakness of the capital markets, the volume of trading activities, our credit capacity, and the perception of our longor short-term financial prospects if we incur large realized or unrealized investment losses or if the level of business activity declines due to a market downturn. Therefore, if we are forced to sell our investments on unfavorable terms or obtain financing with unfavorable terms, it could have an adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.

## Our largest expense is payments of claims and surrenders to our policyholders. Mismanagement of claims handling or increased fraudulent claims could negatively impact our costs and financial condition.

Proper claims handling is critical to managing our benefit expenses.  Many factors can affect the Company's ability to pay claims accurately, including the following:

- the training, experience, and skill of the Company's claims representatives;
- the extent of fraudulent claims and the Company's ability to recognize and respond to such claims;
- the claims organization's culture and the effectiveness of its management; and
- the Company's ability to develop or select and implement appropriate procedures, technologies, and systems to support claims functions.

The  Company's  failure  to  pay  claims  fairly,  accurately,  and  in  a  timely  manner,  or  to  deploy  claims  resources appropriately, could result in unanticipated costs, lead to material litigation, undermine customer goodwill and the Company's reputation in the marketplace, impair its brand image and, as a result, materially and adversely affect its competitiveness, financial results, prospects, and liquidity.

Higher than expected policyholder claims related to unforeseen events may negatively impact our premium revenues,  increase  our  benefits  and  expense  costs  and  increase  our  reinsurance  costs,  thus  negatively affecting our financial condition.

The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, such as COVID-19, or  other  widespread  health  emergency  (or  concerns  over  the  possibility  of  such  an  emergency),  cybersecurity incidents  and  events,  terrorist  attacks,  war,  trade  policies,  military  conflict,  extreme  climate-related  incidents  or events or other natural disasters, could create economic and financial disruptions, and could lead to operational

difficulties that could impair our ability to manage our business. Below are two examples of how unforeseen events and the risks they pose could impact our business.

COVID-19  pandemic. The  COVID-19  pandemic  has  negatively  impacted  certain  aspects  of  our  business  and, depending  on  severity  and  duration,  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  financial  condition,  results  of operations and overall business operations in the future. Due to the uncertain nature of the COVID-19 pandemic and its variants and impacts, we cannot fully estimate the duration or full impact of the COVID -19 pandemic on our business.  Some  of  the  most  significant  risks  related  to  the  ongoing  COVID-19  pandemic  include  higher  level  of claims,  decreased  premium  revenue  due  to  disruption  to  our  workforce  and  distribution  channels,  travel  and business restrictions. Some potential future risks include (i) the adequacy of our pricing assumptions due to longterm effects of COVID-19, (ii) our ability to adequately underwrite risks related to COVID-19 survivors, and (iii) our ability  to  ensure  the  safety  of  our  employees  and  potential  lawsuits  related  to  safety  and/or  workplace  policies. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic has led to reliance on digital distribution and development of digital sales and service platforms in order to offset social distancing measures and thus our ability to develop and maintain these platforms and protect them from cyber risk is critical to our ongoing success.

Climate Change. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. Most catastrophes are restricted to small geographic areas; however, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis and man-made catastrophes may produce significant damage or loss of life in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. SPFIC sells property insurance policies in Louisiana  and Arkansas.  Climate  change,  including  rising  temperatures  and  changes  in  weather  patterns,  could impact  storm  frequency  and  severity  in  our  coverage  areas,  which  could  materially  impact  our  financial performance. Furthermore, since we obtain catastrophic storm reinsurance, storm frequency could cause us to have to  obtain  additional  reinsurance,  which  negatively  impacts  our  premium  revenue.  Since  we  operate  in  a  highly regulated  and  competitive  environment,  we  may  not  be  able  to  raise  our  rates  sufficiently  to  recoup  our  losses. Additionally, the volume and severity of storms increases the risks of writing property insurance in coastal areas, which could cause us to change our business model, negatively impacting our revenue and earnings.

## Reinsurance  may  not  be  available  or  affordable,  or  reinsurers  may  be  unwilling  or  unable  to  meet  their obligations  under  our  reinsurance  contracts,  which  may  adversely  affect  our  results  of  operations  or financial condition.

As part of our overall risk management and capital management strategies, we purchase reinsurance for certain risks  underwritten  by  our  various  insurance  subsidiaries.  Market  conditions  beyond  our  control  determine  the availability and cost of reinsurance. Any decrease in the amount of reinsurance will increase our risk of loss and may  impact  the  level  of  capital  requirements  for  our  insurance  subsidiaries,  and  any  increase  in  the  cost  of reinsurance will, absent a decrease in the amount of reinsurance, reduce our results of operations. Accordingly, we may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may be unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms, which may adversely affect our ability to write future business, result in the assumption of more risk with respect to the policies we issue, and increase our capital requirements. The collectability of our reinsurance recoverable is primarily a function of the solvency of the individual reinsurers. We cannot provide assurance that our reinsurers  will  pay  the  reinsurance  recoverable  owed  to  us  or  that  they  will  pay  these  recoverables  on  a  timely basis. The insolvency of a reinsurer or the inability or unwillingness of a reinsurer to comply with the terms of a reinsurance contract may have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

## Our  actual  claims  losses  may  exceed  our  reserves  for  claims  and  we  may  be  required  to  establish additional reserves, which in turn may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

We  maintain  reserves  to  cover  our  estimated  exposure  for  claims  relating  to  our  issued  insurance  policies. Reserves  do  not  represent  an  exact  calculation  of  exposure,  but  instead  represent  our  best  estimates  using actuarial  and  statistical  procedures.    Reserve  estimates  are  refined  as  experience  develops,  and  adjustments  to reserves are reflected in our statements of operations for the period in which such estimates are updated.  Because establishing reserves is an inherently uncertain process involving estimates of future losses, future developments may require us to increase policy benefit reserves, which restricts our use of cash to the extent of such increased reserves  and  increases  expenses,  negatively  affecting  our  results  of  operations  and  financial  condition  in  the periods in which such increases occur.

## We may be required to accelerate the amortization of deferred acquisition costs, which would increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

At December 31, 2022, we had $140.2 million of deferred policy acquisition costs, or DAC.  DAC represents costs that are directly related to the successful sale and issuance of our insurance policies, which costs are deferred and amortized over the premium paying period of the related insurance policies.  These costs include commissions in excess  of  ultimate  renewal  commissions,  solicitation  and  printing  costs,  sales  material  costs  and  some  support costs, such as underwriting and contract and policy issuance expenses.

Under U.S. GAAP for our type of insurance products, DAC is amortized over the premium-paying period of the policies. Because DAC is amortized over such period, unexpected changes from our assumptions that shorten the premium-paying period, such as increased lapse and surrender rates, or lower persistency in the early years of a policy, would cause us to have to accelerate the amortization of DAC.  We regularly review the quality of our DAC to determine  if  it  is  recoverable  from  future  income.    If  these  costs  are  not  recoverable,  the  amount  that  is  not recoverable  is  charged  to  expenses  in  the  financial  period  in  which  we  make  this  determination.  Unfavorable experience with regards to expected expenses, investment returns, surrender and other policy charges, mortality, morbidity, lapses or persistency may cause us to increase the amortization of DAC or to record a current period expense to increase benefit reserves, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

## THE  DISTRIBUTION  OF  OUR  PRODUCTS  THROUGH  INDEPENDENT  CONSULTANTS  REDUCES  OUR CONTROL OVER SALES AND DISTRIBUTION AND THUS SUBJECTS US TO CERTAIN RISKS THAT COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR REVENUES, OUR IN-FORCE BUSINESS, AND OUR BENEFITS AND EXPENSE COSTS.

## Sales of our insurance products could decline if we are unable to establish and maintain relationships with independent marketing agencies,  independent consultants and agents.

We depend almost exclusively on the services of independent marketing agencies, independent consultants, and agents for the distribution of our products. These agencies, agents and consultants are key to the development and maintenance of our relationships with our policyholders. Significant competition exists among insurers in attracting and  maintaining  marketers  of  demonstrated  ability.  Some  of  our  competitors  may  offer  better  compensation packages  or  commissions  or  induce  agents  to  sell  their  products  due  to  their  broader  product  offerings,  more distribution resources, better brand recognition, more competitive pricing, lower cost structures or greater financial strength or claims paying ratings than we have.  We compete with other insurers for marketing agencies, agents and  independent  consultants  primarily  on  the  basis  of  our  compensation,  products  and  support  services.    Any reduction  in  our  ability  to  attract  and  retain  effective  sales  representatives  could  materially  adversely  affect  our revenues, results of operations and financial condition.

Additionally, as we disclosed in Item 3. Legal Proceedings, we are subject to a risk of our independent consultants leaving our Company to sell products for a competitor and inducing our policyholders to lapse or surrender their policies,  or  otherwise  terminate  their  relationship  with  us,  in  order  to  purchase  products  from  the  independent consultant with our competitor company.

## There may be adverse tax, legal or financial consequences if our sales representatives are determined not to be independent consultants.

Our sales representatives are independent consultants who operate their own businesses. Although we believe that we have properly classified our representatives as independent consultants, there is nevertheless a risk that the IRS, a foreign agency, a court or other authority will take the different view that our sales representatives should be classified  as  employees.  The  tests  governing  the  determination  of  whether  an  individual  is  considered  to  be  an independent consultant or an employee are typically fact-sensitive and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Laws and regulations  that  govern  the  status  and  misclassification  of  independent  sales  representatives  are  subject  to change and interpretation.

If there is a change in the manner in which our independent consultants are classified or an adverse determination with  respect  to  some  or  all  of  our  independent  consultants  by  a  court  or  governmental  agency,  we  could  incur significant costs in complying with such laws and regulations, including in respect of tax withholding, social security

payments, government and private pension plan contributions and recordkeeping, or we may be required to modify our business model, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there is the risk that we may be subject to significant monetary liabilities arising from fines or judgments as a result of any such actual or alleged non-compliance with applicable federal, state, local or foreign laws.

## LEGAL REGULATION AND RISKS

INSURANCE  IS  A  HIGHLY  REGULATED  BUSINESS.  REGULATIONS  VARY  FROM  JURISDICTION  TO JURISDICTION  AND  MAY  CHANGE  FROM  TIME  TO  TIME.    THESE  REGULATIONS  AFFECT  OUR OPERATIONS AND CHANGES COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR CASH FLOW, THE RESULTS OF OUR OPERATIONS, OUR LIQUIDITY AND OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION.

In addition to the legal risks related to our international operations discussed above in this Item 1A, Risk Factors, we are subject to risks related to the laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where we are domiciled and registered to do business, including Bermuda, Puerto Rico and various U.S. states.  These material risks are described below.

## Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum capital and surplus requirements, and any failure to meet these requirements could subject us to regulatory action or other restrictions.

The capacity for an insurance company's growth in premiums is partially a function of its required statutory surplus. Maintaining  appropriate  levels  of  statutory  surplus,  as  measured  by  statutory  accounting  practices  prescribed  or permitted  by  a  company's  jurisdiction  of  domicile,  is  considered  important  by  insurance  regulatory  authorities. Failure to maintain required levels of statutory surplus could result in increased regulatory scrutiny and enforcement action by regulatory authorities.

Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum capital and surplus requirements in  the U.S., Bermuda, and Puerto Rico as described below. If we fail to meet these standards and requirements, our various regulators may require specified actions to be taken, including without limitation:

- restricting distributions from our subsidiaries to Citizens; or
- requiring Citizens to contribute additional capital to a subsidiary; or
- requiring  Citizens  to  enter  into  a  guaranty  or  other  agreement  to  contribute  capital  to  such subsidiary under certain circumstances;

all  of  which  could  have  a  material  and  adverse  impact  on  the  Company's  competitiveness, operational flexibility, financial condition, and results of operations.  Additionally, failure to maintain certain levels of statutory surplus could result in increased regulatory scrutiny or action by regulatory authorities.

In  April  2021,  Citizens  and  CICA  International  entered  into  a  Keep  Well  Agreement,  as  described  in  Item  7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources.  If CICA International's minimum capital level fell below the minimum required by the BMA, Citizens may have to contribute capital to CICA International, which could negatively impact our capital resources and liquidity.

Citizens is a holding company that has minimal operations of its own and depends on the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends or make service payments to us in sufficient amounts to fund our operations. If they cannot make such payments, Citizens may need to sell its investments or seek external capital to cover its operational costs.

As  a  holding  company,  our  assets  consist  of  the  capital  stock  of  our  subsidiaries,  cash  and  investments. Accordingly,  we  rely  primarily  on  statutorily  permissible  payments  from  our  insurance  company  subsidiaries, principally  through  dividends  or  service  agreements  we  have  with  our  subsidiaries,  to  meet  our  working  capital needs.  As discussed above, the ability of our insurance company subsidiaries to make payments to us is subject to regulation by the states and jurisdictions in which they are domiciled, and in addition to maintaining minimum capital and surplus ratios, these payments depend primarily on regulatory approval of dividend payments and approved service agreements between us and these subsidiaries.

Except  to  the  extent  that  we  are  a  creditor  with  recognized  claims  against  our  subsidiaries,  claims  of  our subsidiaries'  creditors,  including  policyholders,  have  priority  with  respect  to  the  assets  and  earnings  of  the subsidiaries over the claims of other creditors (including us) and shareholders.  If any of our subsidiaries become insolvent, liquidates or otherwise reorganizes, our policyholders will have a priority to receive the assets of such subsidiary and Citizens may have no rights to receive cash or other assets of such subsidiaries.

If our internal sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient to cover our holding company operations, we may have to sell investments earlier than we want to sell them or in less than favorable market conditions, or we may have to seek external sources of capital. Out of an abundance of caution, in May 2021, we entered into a Credit Facility with Regions Bank. See Part IV, Item 15, Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, herein, for a description of the Credit Facility. To date, we have not utilized the Credit Facility, but if internal sources of capital are not sufficient to meet our operating needs, we may need to utilize the Credit Facility or increase the borrowing availability under the Credit Facility. We may also need to raise capital through issuing  our  stock.  Borrowing  money,  increasing  our  borrowing  availability  under  the  Credit  Facility  or  obtaining financing for even a small amount of capital could be challenging or expensive in unfavorable market conditions and during  periods  of  economic  uncertainty.  The  availability  of  financing  will  depend  on  a  variety  of  factors  such  as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, and the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our financial prospects. Raising capital in unfavorable market conditions could increase our interest expense or negatively impact our shareholders through dilution of their common stock ownership of the Company.

Citizens and our insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive governmental regulation in Puerto Rico, Bermuda and in the U.S. The rules and regulations to which we are subject may change and impose greater restrictions on our business, which could increase our costs of doing business, restrict the conduct of our business, increase capital requirements for our insurance subsidiaries and negatively impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.

CICA International is registered in Bermuda and is subject to regulation by the Bermuda Monetary Authority ("BMA") and the provisions of the Bermuda Insurance Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as well as other  laws  which  apply  to  Bermuda-based  companies,  such  as  compliance  with  Common  Reporting  Standards, which  are  administered  by  the  Bermuda  Ministry  of  Finance  ("MOF").    Citizens  and  our  domestic  insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation and supervision in U.S. jurisdictions where we are domiciled and where we do business. These rules and regulations require us to comply with privacy, anti-money laundering, bank secrecy, anti-corruption and foreign asset control laws among others.

CICA  PR  is  registered  in  Puerto  Rico  and  is  subject  to  regulation  by  the  Puerto  Rico  Office  of  the  Insurance Commissioner ("OIC"). As a Puerto Rico International Insurer, CICA PR is governed by Chapter 61 of the Puerto Rico Insurance Code. Additionally, CICA PR must comply with other laws and regulations of Puerto Rico, most of which  apply  to  our  domestic  subsidiaries  as  well,  including  the  U.S.  Bank  Secrecy  Act  and  other  anti-money laundering laws and regulations of the United States.

In  the  U.S.,  we  are  subject  to  federal  laws,  as  well  as  state-level  regulation,  including  a  requirement  to  obtain approval of forms and rates in the states we sell our insurance policies. Insurance company regulation is generally designed  to  protect  the  interests  of  policyholders,  with  substantially  lesser  protections  to  shareholders  of  the regulated insurance companies.  To that end, all the U.S. states in which we do business have insurance regulatory agencies with broad legal powers with respect to licensing companies to transact business, mandating capital and surplus requirements, regulating claims practices, approving service agreements between a holding company and its  operating  subsidiary,  restricting  companies'  ability  to  enter  and  exit  markets,  and  restricting  or  prohibiting  the payment of dividends by our subsidiaries to us.

The BMA, OIC,  and most U.S. insurance regulatory authorities have broad discretion to grant, renew, suspend and revoke licenses and approvals, and could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities, including acquisitions of other insurance companies, require us to add capital to our insurance company subsidiaries,  or  fine  us.    If  we  are  unable  to  maintain  all  required  licenses  and  approvals,  or  if  our  insurance business  is  determined  not  to  comply  fully  with  the  wide  variety  of  applicable  laws  and  regulations  and  their interpretations, our revenues, results of operations and financial condition and our reputation could be materially adversely affected.

## FINANCIAL REGULATION AND RISKS

## Changes in  accounting  standards  may  adversely  affect  our  reported  results  of  operations  and  financial condition.

Our consolidated financial statements are subject to the application of GAAP in the U.S. and Bermuda, which is periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), the BMA and  the  National  Association  of  Insurance  Commissioners  ("NAIC").  Future  accounting  standards  we  adopt, including the FASB's Accounting Standard Update related to long-duration insurance contracts (known as LDTI), will change current accounting and disclosure requirements applicable to our consolidated financial statements. These changes  including  underlying  assumptions,  projections,  estimates  or  judgments/interpretations  by  management, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  In addition, the required  adoption  of  new  accounting  standards  may  result  in  significant  incremental  costs  associated  with  initial implementation and ongoing compliance. See Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to our consolidated financial statements contained herein for additional information regarding accounting updates.

## Unexpected losses in future reporting periods may require us to record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets.

Under U.S. GAAP, we are required to evaluate our deferred tax assets ("DTA") quarterly for recoverability based on available  evidence.    This  process  involves  management's  judgment  about  assumptions,  which  are  subject  to change from period to period due to tax rate changes or variances between our projected operating performance and our actual results.  Ultimately, future adjustments to the DTA valuation allowance, if any, will be determined based upon changes in the expected realization of the net deferred tax assets.  The realization of the deferred tax assets depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in either the carry back or carry forward periods under applicable tax law.  Due to significant estimates utilized in establishing the valuation allowance and the potential for changes  in  facts  and  circumstances,  it  is  reasonably  possible  that  we  may  be  required  to  record  a  valuation allowance in future reporting periods.  Such an adjustment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition.

## ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT RISKS

INVESTMENT  INCOME  IS  A  MATERIAL  PORTION  OF  OUR  TOTAL  REVENUES.  CHANGING  FINANCIAL CONDITIONS  SUCH  AS  MARKET  VOLATILITY,  CHANGES  IN  INTEREST  RATES,  OR  INFLATION  MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR REVENUES, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATION AND OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION.

Global or regional changes in the financial markets or economic conditions could adversely affect our business in many ways, including the following:

- Inflation,  a  potential  recession,  as  well  as  declines  in  consumer  confidence  or  increase  in unemployment rates, could lead to a conservation of cash and decline in  the volume of new sales and,  renewal  premiums,  or  increased  surrenders  and  lapses,  and  therefore  to  a  decline  in  our premium revenue or increase in benefit expenses paid out.
- Market volatility, specifically declining equity markets, negatively impact the fair market value of our equity  securities,  leading  to  investment-related  losses  that  negatively  affect  our  GAAP  operating revenue and profitability.
- We are subject to credit risk in our investment portfolio. Defaults by third parties in the payment or performance  of  their  obligations  under  these  securities  could  reduce  our  investment  income  or result in the recognition of realized losses.  Additionally, downgrades in the bonds in our portfolio may result in the recognition of credit related allowances and cause us to reduce the carrying value of our investment portfolio. This could negatively affect our stockholder equity.

- Low or declining interest rates could negatively affect us for some of the following reasons:
- Our  fixed  maturity  investment  portfolio  is  primarily  invested  in  callable  securities.    As interest rates have declined and remained ultra-low over the past decade, many of these securities were called and we have had to reinvest in lower interest rate bonds, leading to reduced net investment income and low yields.
- Some of our products, principally endowment products and traditional whole life insurance with  annuity  riders,  expose  us  to  the  risk  that  decreases  in  interest  rates  will  reduce  our "spread", or the difference between the amounts we are required to pay under our contracts to policyholders and the rate of return we are able to earn on our investments intended to support obligations under the contracts.
- An interest or discount rate is used in calculating reserves for our insurance products. We set  our  reserve  discount  rate  assumptions  based  on  our  current  and  expected  future investment  yield  for  assets  supporting  the  reserves,  considering  current  and  expected future market conditions. If the discount rate assumed in our reserve calculations is higher than our future investment returns (due to lower interest rates), our invested assets will not earn enough investment income to support our future benefit payments. In that case, we may  be  required  to  amortize  any  remaining  DAC,  record  additional  liabilities  and/or increase our capital contributions to our insurance subsidiaries in the period this occurs.
- Rising interest rates may negatively affect us for some of the following reasons:
- Rising  interest  rates  typically  reduce  the  market  values  of  fixed  income  assets,  as  the interest payments on such assets become less competitive relative to newer high rate fixed income instruments.   This  leads  to  material  unrealized  losses  and  negatively  affects  our stockholder equity.
- Policies may  become  less  attractive to our policyholders in a rising interest rate environment.  They may surrender their policies or make early withdrawals to increase their returns, requiring us to liquidate investments and realize an actual loss.
- Some  of  our  investments,  such  as  mortgage-backed  and  other  asset-backed  securities,  carry prepayment risk. As interest rates increase, the likelihood of prepayment is lower, as the issuer will want to make payments based  on the lower interest rates.  If the repayment of principal occurs later  than  we  expected,  our  cash  flow  could  be  negatively  impacted. As  interest  rates  decrease, issuers are more likely to pre-pay, which could cause us to have to re-invest the pre-paid cash at lower interest rates, reducing our yields and net investment income.
- The decision of whether to record a credit loss impairment is determined by our assessment of the financial  condition  and  prospects  of  a  particular  issuer,  projections  of  future  cash  flows  and recoverability  as  well  as  our  ability  and  intent  to  hold  the  securities  to  recovery  or  maturity.  We evaluate  our  investment  portfolio  for  impairments.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  we  have accurately assessed the level of impairments taken. Historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments and additional impairments may need to be taken in the future. Any event reducing the value of our securities on an other than temporary basis may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

THE COMPANY RELIES ON OUR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS, AND THE DATA MAINTAINED WITHIN THOSE SYSTEMS, TO MANAGE MANY ASPECTS OF OUR BUSINESS. CYBERSECURITY RISKS, THE  FAILURE  OF  OUR  SYSTEMS  TO  OPERATE  PROPERLY  AND/OR  THE  FAILURE  TO  MAINTAIN  THE CONFIDENTIALITY, INTEGRITY, AND AVAILABILITY OF POLICYHOLDER AND CLAIMS DATA, INCLUDING PERSONAL IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, COULD RESULT IN A MATERIALLY ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS, REPUTATION, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

## Our failure to maintain effective information systems could adversely affect our business.

We  must  maintain  and  enhance  our  existing  information  systems  and  develop  and  integrate  new  information systems  to  keep  pace  with  continuing  changes  in  information  processing  technology,  evolving  industry  and regulatory  standards  and  changing  customer  preferences  in  a  cost-effective  manner.    If  we  do  not  maintain adequate systems, we could experience adverse consequences, including inadequate information on which to base

pricing,  underwriting  and  reserve  decisions,  regulatory  problems,  failure  to  meet  prompt  payment  obligations, increases  in  administrative  expenses  and  loss  of  customers.  Our  failure  to  maintain  effective  and  efficient information systems, or our failure to consolidate our existing systems could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Some of our information technology systems and software are mainframe-based, legacy-type systems that require an ongoing commitment of resources to maintain current standards.  Our systems utilize proprietary code requiring highly skilled personnel.  Due to the unique nature of our proprietary operating environment, we could have difficulty finding personnel with the skills required to provide ongoing system maintenance and development as we seek to keep pace with changes in our products and business models, information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and policyholder needs.

We are continuously evaluating and enhancing systems and creating new systems and processes as our business depends on our ability to maintain and improve our technology. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems and processes, these changes, as well as changes designed to update and enhance our protective measures to address new threats, increase the risk of a system or process failure or the creation of a gap in our security measures. Any such failure or gap could adversely affect our business operations and results of operations.

## A cyber attack or other security breach could disrupt our operations, result in the unauthorized disclosure or loss of confidential data, damage our reputation or relationships, and expose us to significant financial and legal liability, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

We  store  confidential  information  about  our  business  and  our  policyholders,  independent  marketing  firms,  and independent  agents,  consultants  and  others  on  our  information  technology  systems,  including  proprietary  and personally identifiable information. As part of our normal business operations, we use this information and engage third-party  providers,  including  outsourcing,  cloud  computing,  and  other  business  partners,  that  store,  access, process,  and  transmit  such  information  on  our  behalf.  We  devote  significant  resources  and  employ  security measures to help protect our information technology systems and confidential information, and we have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to information security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain  unauthorized  access,  disable  or  degrade  service,  or  sabotage  systems  change  frequently  and  may  be difficult  to  detect  for  long  periods  of  time,  we  and  our  third-party  providers  may  be  unable  to  anticipate  these techniques  or  implement  adequate  preventative  measures.  In  addition,  hardware,  software,  or  applications  we develop  or  procure  from  third  parties  or  through  open  source  solutions  may  contain  defects  in  design  or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise our information security. Unauthorized parties, whether within or outside our company, may disrupt or gain access to our systems, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through human error, misfeasance, fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceit, including breakins,  use  of  stolen  credentials,  social  engineering,  phishing,  or  other  cyber  attacks,  computer  viruses,  malicious codes, and similar means of unauthorized and destructive tampering.

We and our third-party providers experience information security incidents from time to time. There is no assurance that our security systems and measures will be able to prevent, mitigate, or remediate future incidents. A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of our information technology systems, or those of third parties with whom we do business, could cause serious negative consequences for us, including significant disruption of our operations,  unauthorized  disclosure  or  loss  of  confidential  information,  harm  to  our  brand  or  reputation,  loss  of customers  and  revenues,  violations  of  privacy  and  other  laws,  and  exposure  to  litigation,  monetary  damages, regulatory enforcement proceedings, fines, and potentially criminal proceedings and penalties. If we are unaware of the  incident  for  some  time  after  it  occurs,  our  exposure  could  increase.  In  addition,  the  costs  to  address  or remediate systems disruptions or security threats or vulnerabilities, whether before or after an incident, could be significant. As  we  continue to build our digital capabilities and focus on enhancing the customer experience, the amount of information that we retain and share with third parties is likely to grow, increasing the cost to prevent data security breaches and the cost and potential consequences of such breaches. An information technology systems failure  could  also  interfere  with  our  ability  to  comply  with  financial  reporting  and  other  regulatory  requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators.

Although we have insurance against some cyber risks and attacks, we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that exceed our policy limits, are subject to deductibles or are not covered under any of our current insurance policies.

## The  failure  of  our  business  recovery  and  incident  management  processes  to  resume  our  business operations in the event of a catastrophe, an epidemic, a cyber attack, or other event could adversely affect our profitability, results of operations, or financial condition.

In  the  event  of  a  disaster  such  as  a  catastrophe,  an  epidemic,  a  cyber  attack,  cyber  security  breach  or  other information technology systems failure, a terrorist attack, or war, unanticipated problems with our disaster recovery systems could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and  financial  condition,  particularly  if  those  problems  affect  our  information  technology  systems  and  destroy valuable data or result in  a  significant  failure  of  our  internal  control  environment.  In  addition,  in  the  event  that  a significant number of our employees were unavailable in the event of a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct business could be severely compromised.

The failure of our information technology and/or disaster recovery systems for any reason could cause significant interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers' operations and result in the loss, theft, or failure to maintain the  security,  confidentiality  or  privacy  of  sensitive  data,  including  personal  information  relating  to  our  customers. Such a failure could harm our reputation, subject us to regulatory sanctions, legal claims, and increased expenses, and lead to a loss of customers and revenues.

## RISKS RELATED TO HOLDING OUR SECURITIES

## The number and location of our shareholders may make it difficult to obtain approval of certain corporate actions.

Because we allow our policyholders to use their policy dividends to purchase our Class A common stock through our CISIP, we have almost 86,000 shareholders and approximately 40% of our shareholders hold less than 100 shares each.  Many of these shareholders are located in Latin America and the Pacific Rim, where most of our policies are sold, and English may not be their native language. We believe that because of this, we typically have low  voter  turn-out  at  our  annual  meetings  and  therefore  any  proposal,  such  as  one  related  to  a  merger  or  an acquisition of our Company, or an amendment to our articles of incorporation, that may require the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock, may be difficult to approve.

## Our Class A common stock is not registered in any foreign country.

As mentioned above, a significant portion of our Class A common stock has been purchased under the CISIP by foreign holders of life insurance policies. The Class A common stock sold under the CISIP is registered with the SEC pursuant to a Form S-3 registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 but is not registered under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction. If a foreign securities regulatory authority were to determine the offer and sale of our Class A common stock under the CISIP was not allowed under applicable laws and regulations of its jurisdiction, such authority may issue or assert a fine, penalty or cease and desist order against our offer and sale of Class A common stock  in  that  foreign  jurisdiction.  There  is  a  risk  our  Class  A  common  stock  price  could  be  negatively impacted by a decrease in participation in the CISIP.

## Applicable  insurance  laws  in  the  jurisdictions  where  our  insurance  subsidiaries  are  domiciled  may discourage takeovers and business combinations that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests.

Insurance laws in the jurisdictions in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled require regulatory actions for certain transactions, such as a merger or acquisition of our Company, that our shareholders might consider in their best interests. To the extent the interests of our policyholders and stockholders conflict, the insurance regulators consider the best interests of policyholders over the best interests of our shareholders. As a result, our shareholders may be prevented from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our Class A common stock that may be offered by a bidder in a takeover context or such regulatory approval requirement may delay, deter, render more difficult or prevent a takeover attempt or a change in control.

## Item 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

## Item 2.    PROPERTIES

We lease our principal office at the Domain in Austin, Texas to service all business entities and operations.  We lease space for our office in Bermuda related to CICA International and CICA PR and in Louisiana, Arkansas and Mississippi related to our Home Service Insurance operations.  We also own properties in Louisiana related to our Home Service Insurance operations.

## Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The following are material pending legal proceedings in which we or any of our subsidiaries is a party or in which any of our or their property is the subject.

## Trade Secret Lawsuit

On November 7, 2018, Citizens, CICA International and CICA (defined as "we", "us", "our" or "Plaintiffs" in this Item 3) filed a lawsuit in the District Court of Travis County, Texas (the 'District Court') against (i) Randall Riley ('Riley'), a former Citizens executive and son of Citizens' founder Harold E. Riley, (ii) CALI, copycat companies formed by Riley and (iii) Alexis Enrique Delgado, Carlos Nalsen Landa, Enrique Pinzon Ruiz, Johan Emilio Mikuski Silva and Esperanza  Peralta  de  Delgado,  former  independent  consultants  of  Citizens  (collectively,  the  'Los  Raudales Defendants,' and together with Riley and CALI, collectively the 'Original Defendants').

On September 10, 2019, we filed an amended complaint and added additional defendants to the lawsuit (with the Original  Defendants,  collectively,  "Defendants"),  including  (i)  Michael  P.  Buchweitz  (a  former  underwriter  for Citizens), Jonathan M. Pollio (a former actuary for Citizens), Jeffrey J. Wood (a former Chief Financial Officer and the current Chief Financial Officer of First Trinity) and Steven A. Rekedal (former marketing officer), (ii) First Trinity Financial Corporation, and Trinity American, Inc. (collectively, 'First Trinity') and International Marketing Group S.A., LLC, entities that have founded a business on the exploitation of Citizens' trade secrets and goodwill, and (iii) Gregg E. Zahn, the CEO of First Trinity.  Our lawsuit claims that:

- Riley  and  First  Trinity  tortiously  interfered  with  Citizens'  contracts  with  its  agents  and  former employees  and  that  they  'willfully  and  intentionally'  induced  the  Los  Raudales  Defendants  and other agents and former employees to breach those contracts by disclosing Citizens' confidential information;
- The  Los  Raudales  Defendants  were  properly  terminated  for  cause  under  their  independent consultant contracts and thus not entitled to additional commissions under such contracts;
- Defendants stole Citizens' information in order to unfairly compete with us;
- Defendants wrongfully secured benefits from Citizens and thus Citizens is entitled to those benefits (unjust enrichment); and
- Defendants  conspired  to  achieve  the  theft  of  Citizens'  trade  secrets,  including  by  using  a confusingly similar name and logo.

In addition to the trial in the lawsuit being delayed several times due to the COVID-19 pandemic, key developments in the lawsuit have been as follows:

- January 2019 - the Original Defendants filed a motion to dismiss certain claims alleged in the suit, which the District Court denied in its entirety.
- May  2019  -  we  filed  a  motion  for  a  preliminary  injunction  to  bar  the  Original  Defendants  from continuing to engage in unfair competition and misappropriation of our trade secrets and tortious interference with our existing contracts with our independent consultants. The District Court denied the application for a temporary injunction and in August 2020, the Third Court of Appeals in Austin, Texas affirmed the District Court's decision.
- June 2021 - Defendants filed a traditional and no evidence Motion for Partial Summary Judgment (the 'Motion'), which was denied in its entirety by the District Court. Defendants' Motion claimed that we should not be able to proceed with our claims against them for unfair competition, tortious interference  with  contract,  conspiracy  and  unjust  enrichment,  because  we  'have  no  evidence  to support these theories.'  By denying Defendants' Motion in its entirety, we can proceed to trial with all of the claims described above.

- September 2021 - the District Court denied the requests of Alexis Enrique Delgado, Enrique Pinzon Ruiz,  and  Esperanza  Peralta  de  Delgado  to  be  dismissed  from  the  lawsuit  and  denied  Michael Buchweitz's and Jonathan Pollio's requests that the claim against each of them for breach of his confidentiality agreement be dismissed.  While the District Court allowed the CEO (Zahn) and CFO (Wood)  of  First  Trinity  to  be  dismissed  individually  from  the  lawsuit,  the  ruling  does  not  affect Citizens' claims against First Trinity described above.
- October 2022 -
- The District Court denied Jonathan Pollio's request for a continuance of the trial and we subsequently entered into a settlement agreement with him.
- After  the  denial  of  the  continuance  and  six  days  prior  to  the  start  of  the  trial,  Defendant Randall Riley died in a single vehicle automobile accident and all parties agreed to delay the trial.

## Item 4.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

## PART II

## Item  5.  MARKET  FOR  REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

## Item 5(a)

Market Information. Our Class A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol CIA. Our Class B common stock is not registered with the SEC nor traded on any exchange.  We hold 100% of our Class B common stock in treasury and thus here are no Class B shares outstanding.

Holders. The number of stockholders of record as of March 7, 2023 was as follows:

| - Class A Common Stock - 84,886  - Class B Common Stock -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

Dividend Policy. We have never paid cash dividends on our Class A or B common stock and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future, as it is our policy to retain earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. See Item 15, Note 11 Stock Compensation for equity compensation plan information.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds. None.

## Item 5(c)

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. In May 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an equity repurchase plan for up to $8.0 million. The timing of any share repurchases under the repurchase authorization is dependent upon several factors, including market price of the Company's securities, the Company's cash on hand, cash flows from operations, general market conditions, the Company's blackout periods, and other considerations.  This program has no set termination date and may be suspended or discontinued by the Company's Board of Directors at any time.  The Company purchased the following shares of its Class A common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022.

| Period  Total Number of  Shares  Purchased  Average Price  Paid Per Share  Total Number of  Shares  Purchased as Part  of Publicly  Announced Plans  or Programs  Approximate  Dollar Value of  Shares that May  Yet be Purchased  Under the Plans  or Programs [2]  October 2022  -  $  -  -  November 2022  56,354  3.3800  56,354  December 2022  127,831  2.5475  127,831  Total  184,185  184,185  $  5,300,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

[1] The stock repurchase program was publicly announced on May 10, 2022.

[2] The Company was authorized to repurchase up to $8.0 million of its outstanding shares of Class A common stock.

[3] The stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date.

[4] No stock repurchase program has expired during the three months ended December 31, 2022.

[5] There is no stock repurchase program that the Company has determined to terminate prior to expiration, or under which the Company does not intend to make further purchases.

## Item 6.   [RESERVED]

## Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

This  section  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  generally  discusses  2022  and  2021  items  and  year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021.  This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.

## OVERVIEW

For over 45 years, we have been fulfilling the needs of our policyholders and their families by providing insurance products  that  offer  both  living  and  death  benefits.  Citizens  conducts  insurance  related  operations  through  its insurance subsidiaries, which provide benefits to residents in 32 U.S. states and more than 70 different countries. We specialize in offering primarily ordinary whole life insurance, endowment products and final expense insurance in niche markets where we believe we can optimize our competitive position.

As an insurance provider, we collect premiums on an ongoing basis from our policyholders and invest the majority of the premiums to pay future benefits, including claims, surrenders and policyholder dividends.  Accordingly, the Company  derives  its  revenues  principally  from:  (1)  life  insurance  premiums  earned  for  insurance  coverages provided  to  insureds  in  our  two  operating  segments  -  Life  Insurance  and  Home  Service  Insurance;  and  (2)  net investment income.  In addition to paying and reserving for insurance benefits that we pay to our policyholders, our expenses  consist  primarily  of  the  costs  of  selling  our  insurance  products  (e.g.,  commissions,  underwriting, marketing expenses), operating expenses and income taxes.

## Objective of our Management's Discussion and Analysis

We refer to our Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as our 'MD&amp;A'.  The objective of our MD&amp;A is to provide investors with a succinct analysis of the Company's financial performance from management's perspective. We start by discussing the factors that we believe drive our operating results and then we discuss how industry developments and economic circumstances in general (e.g., low interest rates,  the  COVID-19  pandemic)  affected  or  could  affect  our  financial  performance.  After  telling  you  about  our industry, we discuss our 2022 financial highlights, the impacts of certain events on our business during 2022, and then we break-down our results of operations in detail so an investor understands the various line items of our profit and loss statements from management's perspective.  Since our investments are one of two principal sources of revenues, we describe them in detail.  Finally, we discuss our capital resources and liquidity so investors better understand how those resources are utilized and how we are able to meet our cash needs.

Throughout the MD&amp;A, we describe how we view the Company and which matters we believe are reasonably likely to affect future operations.  We describe our priorities for the business in Item 1. Business - 'Strategic Initiatives' and in the MD&amp;A, we describe how we performed on those initiatives and any known trends or uncertainties that might impact our ability to achieve our goals.

## The Factors that Drive our Operating Results

We see the following as the primary factors that drive our operating results:

- Sales (e.g., premium revenues)
- Our investments
- Death claims and surrenders
- Operating expenses

Premium revenues and investment income are our two primary sources of income and thus key to our profitability.

Premium revenues consist of both new sales (first year premiums) and renewal premiums. Throughout the MD&amp;A and  in  Item  1  -  Business,  we  describe  the  actions  and  initiatives  that  are  taken  to  increase  sales  and  improve retention, how we performed in 2022, and how we view trends with respect to sales and retention.

<!-- image -->

Our Life Insurance segment first year premiums increased by 4% due to the introduction of a new whole life product in our international markets, as well as focused marketing campaigns. Our Home Service Insurance segment first year premiums declined, which we believe is attributed to inflationary pressures and the cessation of COVID-19 government aid programs in 2022.

<!-- image -->

,

Renewal premiums in our Life Insurance segment declined primarily due to impact from a higher level of surrenders during the last few years and from matured endowment benefits, which we expected due to contractual expiration dates. Our Home Service Insurance renewal premiums increased in 2022 due to the lack of hurricanes in Louisiana in 2022; Hurricane Ida negatively impacted renewal premiums in this segment in 2021.

<!-- image -->

Our net investment income increased by $3.9 million from 2021 to 2022 due primarily to investment income from our limited  partnership  investments, a growing diversified invested asset base and reinvesting matured or called fixed income maturity securities into a higher interest rate environment.

## CLAIMS GLYPH&lt;c=9,font=/AAAQHQ+Arial-BoldItalicMT&gt; SURRENDERS

<!-- image -->

Payment  of  policyholder  benefits  for  claims  and  surrenders  is  our  largest  expense  and  thus  also  key  to  our profitability.    In  2022,  our  death  claim  benefits  decreased  compared  to  2021  due  to  a  lower  number  of  reported death claims as 2021 period was negatively impacted by COVID-19-related deaths.  Our surrenders decreased by $2.9 million in 2022, which we believe was in large part due to our retention initiatives.

## OPERATING EXPENSES

<!-- image -->

Operating  expenses  are  our  second  largest  expense  and  thus  also  drive  our  operating  results.    Our  general operating expenses increased by $1.8 million in 2022 as compared to 2021 mainly due to our sales convention in 2022, which was cancelled in the prior year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and by higher home office expenses.

## ECONOMIC AND INSURANCE INDUSTRY DEVELOPMENTS

The following significant trends and developments are currently impacting our business and industry:

- Increase in Interest Rates; Volatility in Equity and Credit Markets; Inflation. The material uptick in interest rates over the past year has benefited the life insurance sector with respect to increased yields,  net  investment  income  and  spreads.    However,  this  benefit  was  offset  by  inflation  and macroeconomic volatility in 2022. The volatility was substantial and the industry moved into material unrealized loss positions on fixed-income portfolios.

Inflation has also impacted our industry over the past year.  As the price of energy and food rises, customers will have less discretionary income to spend on insurance products.  As the inflationary environment  continues,  the  industry  may  see  policy  lapses  rise,  especially  among  lower  and middle-income customers.

- Sustained Low Interest Rate Environment Prior to 2022. Market interest rates are a key driver of our results. The multi-year sustained low interest rate environment significantly reduced the overall yield  on  investments,  as  regulations  require  that  the  vast  majority  of  a  life  insurance  company's portfolio consist of fixed income securities, which are primarily callable.  As interest rates declined, these fixed income securities were called and had to be re-invested in lower rate investments.  This has reduced and may continue to reduce profit margins for life insurers by:
- Reducing the spread between guaranteed interest rates credited to policyholders and interest earned on supporting assets.  As older endowment and annuity products are maturing, the guaranteed interest rates may be higher than current yields;
- Products sold during the last several years with lower interest rate guarantees may be surrendered or lapsed, as customers look to invest in higher interest rate products; or
- Because products may have been priced with assumptions of higher interest rates (and higher  interest  earned  on  supporting  assets),  life  insurance  companies  may  have  to

increase reserves, trigger loss recognition events related to policy liabilities, accelerate amortization of DAC or COIA, and potentially impair intangible assets.

- Impact  of  COVID-19. COVID-19  and  its  related  economic  conditions  have  caused  a  lot  of uncertainty in the world in the past three years.  Our industry and our Company are no exception to the  negative,  uncertain  and  unpredictable  impacts  the  pandemic  has  brought.  While  the  direct impacts of COVID-19 (e.g., deaths) have begun to wane, the scope, duration and magnitude of the direct and indirect effects of COVID-19 are difficult or impossible to anticipate. As a result, it is not possible to predict its impact on the Company's results in 2023 or beyond.

The positive  impact  to  our  industry  is  that  people  have  a  higher  awareness  for  the  need  for  life insurance to protect their families and loved ones.  However, the long-term nature of life insurance products  means  premiums  are  not  yet  capturing  the  risk  that  deaths  or  long-term  illness  from COVID-19 will likely remain higher than previously estimated. Additionally, life insurers will need to decide  how  to  underwrite  COVID-19  survivors,  as  the  long-term  effects  of  COVID-19  are  still unclear.

- Availability  of  Reinsurance. Reinsurance  market  dynamics  including  increased  cybersecurity concerns,  significant  weather-related  losses,  pandemic  losses,  and  similar  to  the  life  insurance industry,  economic-related market losses, have led to a decline in the availability of reinsurance, tighter  terms  (such  as,  for  example,  pandemic  exclusions)  and/or  increased  reinsurance  prices. While we currently cede a limited amount of our primary insurance business to reinsurers, we may encounter difficulty in obtaining reinsurance in the future, forcing us to resort to a more expensive reinsurance market.  If we are unable to obtain affordable reinsurance coverage, this may impact our net exposures and the number of underwriting commitments.
- Technology Adoption. Innovation and digital development strategies continue to evolve and impact all  industries,  including  the  insurance  industry.    The  onset  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  in  2020 caused companies to adapt to a more digital operations platform, almost overnight.   The insurance industry is focused on digitizing distribution channels and empowering agents with advanced digital capabilities.  Access to real-time data has streamlined the way we underwrite our products.  The rapid development of artificial intelligence and the demand for fee-based, value-added services are challenging our industry. Therefore, it is critical that we embrace these changes for the benefit of our policyholders, agents, employees and stockholders.

## FINANCIAL EVENTS THAT MATERIALLY IMPACTED OUR BUSINESS IN 2022 AND 2021

## EVENTS THAT IMPACTED 2022 RESULTS

## Impact of Inflation and Rising Interest

As  discussed  above,  the  impact  of  inflation,  which  has  led  to  market  volatility  and  rising  interest  rates,  had  a material impact on both our results of operations and balance sheet in 2022.

The market volatility affected the fair value of our equity securities, leading to investment related losses of $10.3 million in 2022, compared to net gains $11.0 million in 2021. Investment related losses in 2022 (and gains in 2021) derive principally from our investments in equity securities and includes unrealized losses (and gains) from market price changes during the period.  Investment related gains and losses can cause significant fluctuations from period to  period  and  are  not  indicative  of  our  operating  results.  We  believe  that  investment  related  gains  and  losses, whether realized from dispositions or unrealized from changes in market prices of equity securities, have no bearing in understanding our reported results or in evaluating the economic performance of our business.  These gains and losses have caused and will continue to cause significant volatility in our periodic earnings.

In addition, interest rates rose significantly in 2022 after being ultra-low for almost a decade. Higher interest rates typically  reduce  the  market  values  of  fixed  income  assets,  as  the  interest  payments  from  existing  fixed  income assets become less competitive relative to newer higher rate fixed income instruments. Long duration fixed maturity securities were particularly impacted by the rising rates in 2022. Because we strive to match our asset duration to our liability duration, the vast majority of our total investments are invested in longer-term fixed maturity securities and we reported a pre-tax net unrealized loss of $201.7 million on our available-for-sale securities at December 31,

2022. The credit ratings and default risk of our fixed maturity securities were not significantly impacted by the rise in interest rates and volatility in 2022 and because we intend to hold the long-term investments to maturity, we do not believe that the current unrealized loss is indicative of our long-term financial strength.  These unrealized losses were the single largest negative impact that led to total stockholders' equity of $1.0 million at December 31, 2022.

We also believe that the inflationary environment has led to higher surrenders and lapses in 2022 as well as lower sales, as our policyholders conserve cash due to concerns over inflation and rising costs, particularly in our Home Service Insurance segment, where our customer base is primarily middle- and lower-income individuals.

## EVENTS THAT IMPACTED 2021 RESULTS

We disclosed the following events in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and are repeating below so investors can better understand material changes to our financial results between year end 2022 and 2021.

## COVID-19 Pandemic

The overall impact of COVID-19 and its related economic conditions on the Company's financial results continue to be  highly  uncertain  and  unpredictable.  While  the  Company  has  implemented  new  strategies  and  processes  to mitigate this impact, the scope, duration and magnitude of the direct and indirect effects of COVID-19 are difficult or impossible to anticipate. As a result,  it  is  not  possible  to  predict  its  impact  on  the  Company's  results  in  2023  or beyond. Currently, some of the most significant factors affecting our business that could cause our future results to differ significantly from our prior results or forward-looking statements include:

- a higher level of claims due to COVID-19 deaths;
- decreased  premium  revenue  due  to  disruption  to  our  workforce  or  distribution  channel  resulting from required isolation, travel limitations and business restrictions;
- higher surrenders and lapses due to cash needs our policyholders may have due to concerns over COVID-19 economic impacts, particularly in our international business; and
- volatility  in  our  investment  portfolio  due  to  market  disruptions  caused  by  COVID-19  related concerns such as inflation.

## Federal Income Tax Benefit

The results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 included a significant income tax benefit for the release of most of the uncertain tax position of $43.8 million.  The uncertain tax position from previous years is related to the tax treatment of tax reserves pursuant to Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 807, specifically due to  ramifications  on  the  determination  of  those  reserves  from  our  product  qualification  issues  in  the  past.  The uncertain tax position released during the fourth quarter of 2021 is due to the expiration of the statute of limitations for the year ended December 31, 2017.

## Goodwill Impairment

The release of the liability for the uncertain tax position referenced above, increased the carrying value of our Life Insurance segment.  Due to such increase in carrying value and the continued low interest rate environment (which negatively  affected  the  fair  value  of  our  net  assets  by  decreasing  expected  cash  flows),  we  determined  that  the carrying value of our Life Insurance segment exceeded its implied fair value, resulting in an impairment of goodwill (the excess of the amount paid by us to acquire various life insurance companies over the fair value of their net assets  as  of  the  date  of  acquisition).    Accordingly,  as  of  December  31,  2021,  we  wrote-off  the  goodwill  and recognized an expense of $12.6 million for 2021.

## 2022 HIGHLIGHTS

## Summary

Due to the impact inflation has had on market volatility and rising interest rates during 2022, we had a net loss of $6.6  million,  compared  to  net  income  of  $36.8  million  in  2021.  As  an  insurance  company,  we  hold  significant invested  assets  in  order  to  pay  future  policy  liabilities.  Changes  in  the  fair  value  of  our  limited  partnership investments drove investment related losses of $10.3 million in 2022, compared to investment related gains of $11.0 million in 2021. We did not sell these investments during 2022, but as discussed in Part IV, Item 15, Note 3. Fair Value Measurements, changes in fair values of our equity securities are reflected as investment related gains or losses,  in  addition  to  executed  transactions  that  result  in  a  gain  or  loss.  As  mentioned  above,  we  consider investment related gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-core and incidental in understanding the quarterly or annual operating results of our insurance business. In addition to the change in investment related gains and losses, 2021 net income was positively affected by the above-described one-time $43.8 million non-cash tax benefit. Due to these investment related losses, our net loss per share of Class A common stock was $0.13 for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Key operating results (comparison of 2022 v. 2021):

- ↑ $3.9 million of net investment income
- ↓ $6.8 million of total insurance benefits paid or provided, partially offset by
- ↑ $1.8 million of general operating expenses
- ↓ $1.0 million of premium revenue

## Revenue Highlights

As  discussed  above,  insurance  premiums  and  investment  income  are  our  primary  sources  of  revenue  and increased by $2.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021.

- Insurance  premiums  declined  slightly  in  2022  compared  to  2021,  totaling  $173.7  million  and $174.7 million, respectively due to:
- 4% growth in first year premiums in our Life Insurance segment was more than offset by lower renewal premiums in this segment due to increases in expiring matured endowments;
- our  Home  Service  Insurance  segment  insurance  premiums  in  2022  decreased  2% compared to 2021; and
- our property insurance premiums increased by $1.2 million due to rate increases and the lack of hurricanes in Louisiana in 2022 versus 2021 (Hurricane Ida).
- Net  investment  income  increased  6%  in  2022  compared  to  2021,  totaling  $65.4  million  and $61.5  million,  respectively,  from  a  higher  average  portfolio  yield  in  2022  as  well  as  a  growing invested asset base. The average yield on our consolidated investment portfolio was 4.4% in 2022, a 16 basis point increase from 2021.

## Benefits and Expenses Highlights

The primary use of our funds is payment of insurance benefits for claims and surrenders as well as our general operating expenses.  In 2022:

- Total  insurance  benefits  paid  or  provided  decreased  by  4%  due  primarily  to  lower  future  policy  benefit reserves, which were a result of higher matured endowments in 2022, partially offset by increases to the future policy benefit reserves due to improved first year sales and better persistency in our Life Insurance segment.
- General expenses increased as described above.

## Financial Condition at December 31, 2022

- Total assets of $1.6 billion.
- Total investments of $1.3 billion; fixed maturity securities comprised 88.0% of total investments.
- $4.8 billion of direct insurance in force.
- No debt.

## CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

## Our Operating Segments

We manage our business in two operating segments: Life Insurance and Home Service Insurance. See Part I. Item 1, Business for a discussion about the business operated in each segment.

Our  insurance  operations  are  the  primary  focus  of  the  Company,  as  those  operations  generate  most  of  our income.  See the discussion under Segment Operations below for detailed analysis.  The amount of insurance, number  of  policies,  and  average  face  amounts  for  ordinary  life  policies  issued  during  the  periods  indicated  are shown below.

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Amount of  Insurance  Issued  Number  of  Policies  Issued  Average  Policy  Face  Amount  Issued  Amount of  Insurance  Issued  Number  of  Policies  Issued  Average  Policy  Face  Amount  Issued  Life Insurance  $  390,398,420  4,334  $  90,078  $  233,574,941  3,870  $  60,355  Home Service Insurance  284,320,685  26,845  10,591  177,754,244  22,600  7,865  Total  $  674,719,105  31,179  $  411,329,185  26,470   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As we have previously discussed, our strategic initiatives include the introduction of new products tailored to our specific markets.  These new products helped drive the increase in total insurance issued of $263.4 million, or 64%, in 2022 compared to 2021.  The growth in insurance issued was a result of both a greater number of policies issued and higher average policy face amounts issued in both segments.

The  growth  in  our  Life  Insurance  segment  is  attributable  to  strong  sales  from  our  new  international  whole  life product, which accounted for 62% of total insurance issued in this segment in 2022.  We continue focusing on sales promotions and campaigns and prioritizing recruiting new independent contractors and we believe we have seen the impact of these efforts in 2022.

In our Home Service Insurance segment, the increase in average policy face amounts issued is attributable to sales campaigns that focused on increasing the face amount of insurance sold as well as the introduction of our new whole life product in this segment, which has a higher maximum face value than our legacy products.

## REVENUES

Our  revenues  are  primarily  generated  from  insurance  renewal  premiums  and  investment  income  from  invested assets.

Years ended December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  Revenues:  Premiums:  Life insurance  $  167,586  169,801  Accident and health insurance  1,278  1,250  Property insurance  4,850  3,677  Net investment income  65,426  61,495  Investment related gains (losses)  (10,291)  10,991  Other income  3,675  3,332  Total revenues  $  232,524  250,546   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total premiums decreased slightly due to lower Life insurance premiums, which declined slightly, somewhat offset by higher property insurance premiums.  The increase in property insurance premiums resulted from rate increases and lower catastrophic reinsurance premiums in 2022 due to no hurricanes impacting Louisiana.

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Premiums:  First year  $  17,529  17,766  Renewal  156,185  156,962  Total premiums  $  173,714  174,728   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our  renewal  premiums  comprised  90%  of  our  total  premium  revenue  in  2022  and  2021.    Renewal  premiums declined slightly in 2022 compared to 2021; we believe the decline in Life Insurance segment renewal premiums is due to the impact from a higher level of surrenders during the last few years and increasing matured endowment benefits.

Our  first  year  premiums  declined  1%  in  2022  compared  to  2021.  We  believe  this  is  attributed  to  inflationary pressures, primarily in our Home Service Insurance segment.

Net Investment Income. Our net investment income and investment performance is summarized as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands, except for %)  2022  2021  Gross investment income:  Fixed maturity securities  $  58,400  55,579  Equity securities  650  1,024  Policy loans  6,189  6,420  Other long-term investments  2,535  809  Other  246  54  Total investment income  68,020  63,886  Less investment expenses  (2,594)  (2,391)  Net investment income  $  65,426  61,495  Average invested assets, at amortized cost  $  1,488,408  1,451,701  Yield on average invested assets  4.40 %  4.24 %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Net investment income increased 6% to $65.4 million in 2022 compared to $61.5 million in 2021 driven by a growing diversified asset base as well as the rising interest rate environment.

The annualized yield increased by 16 basis points in 2022 compared to 2021 as a result of the rising interest rate environment.

Investment Related Gains (Losses). Investment related gains and losses are as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Investment related gains (losses):  Realized investment gains (losses)  $  2,278  2,977  Change in fair value of equity securities  (2,665)  376  Change in fair value of limited partnerships  (9,667)  7,452  Change in credit loss allowance  (237)  186  Investment related gains (losses), net  $  (10,291)  10,991   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Net investment related losses in 2022 is a primary driver of our net loss in 2022.  A significant portion of these losses are related to the impact from the equity markets on the fair value in our limited partnership investments.  We did not sell these investments during 2022, but as discussed in Part IV, Item 15, Note 3. Fair Value Measurements, changes in fair values of our equity securities are reflected as investment related gains or losses, in addition to executed transactions that result in a gain or loss.

In 2021, the Company realized a gain of $1.0 million on the sale of its former training facility near Austin, Texas with a  gross  sale  price  of  $3.8  million.    The  facility  was  owned  by  Citizens  and  was  held  in  Other  Non-Insurance Enterprises.

Other  Income .  Other  income  consists  primarily  of  supplemental  contracts  issued  to  policyholders  in  our  Life Insurance  segment  upon  the  surrender  or  maturity  of  their  original  policies.    We  believe  this  income  has  been increasing due to a higher level of matured endowment benefits as well as our retention initiatives.

## BENEFITS AND EXPENSES

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Benefits and expenses:  Insurance benefits paid or provided:  Claims and surrenders  $  119,935  119,735  Increase in future policy benefit reserves  29,640  36,444  Policyholders' dividends  6,013  6,180  Total insurance benefits paid or provided  155,588  162,359  Commissions  36,222  35,463  Other general expenses  45,177  43,370  Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs  (24,899)  (22,740)  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs  26,529  24,952  Amortization of cost of insurance acquired  974  1,206  Goodwill impairment  -  12,624  Total benefits and expenses  $  239,591  257,234   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Claims and Surrenders. Payments of death claims, surrender benefits and matured endowment benefits are our primary uses of cash.

## CLAIMS GLYPH&lt;c=9,font=/AAAXOM+Arial-ItalicMT&gt; SURRENDERS

<!-- image -->

## Years ended December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  Claims and surrenders:  Death claim benefits  $  25,758  31,380  Surrender benefits  48,743  51,638  Endowment benefits  8,864  9,572  Matured endowment benefits  31,478  20,304  Property claims  780  2,112  Accident and health benefits  211  332  Other policy benefits  4,101  4,397  Total claims and surrenders  $  119,935  119,735   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Death  claim  benefits  decreased  18%  in  2022  compared  to  2021.  We  believe  that  2021  was negatively  impacted  by  COVID-19  related  deaths,  which  reduced  significantly  in  2022.  Mortality experience and COVID-19 impacts continue to be closely monitored by the Company.
- Surrender benefits decreased 6% in 2022 compared to 2021.  The decrease in surrender benefits is primarily within our Life Insurance segment. Surrender benefits, which had been increasing prior to 2021 due to international policies that had been in force for an extended period and had little or no associated  surrender  charges,  have  been  decreasing  the  past  two  years.  We  have  focused  our efforts  on  retaining  policyholders and believe we have begun to see positive benefits from these efforts starting in the second half of 2021, particularly in our international business.  We believe the impact of inflation and curtailment of COVID-19 relief government aid in 2022 negatively impacted retention in our Home Service Insurance segment. Surrender benefits represented approximately 1% of total direct life insurance in force of $4.8 billion as of December 31, 2022.
- Many of our endowment policies are reaching their contractual maturity dates and thus matured endowment benefits are increasing. We anticipated the $11.2 million increase in 2022 based upon the contractual maturity dates and expect continued increases in matured endowment benefits over the next few years as these contracts expire.
- Property claim expenses decreased 63% in 2022 compared to 2021 due to no hurricanes impacting Louisiana in 2022.

Increase in Future Policy Benefit Reserves. Future policy benefit reserves reflect the liability established to provide for the payment of policy benefits that we expect to pay in the future and thus generally increase when we have a larger in force block of business due to higher sales and better persistency (i.e., more policies on which we expect to  pay future benefits) and decrease when we have lower sales and persistency.  In 2022, despite issuing more insurance and increasing our in force block of business, policy benefit reserves decreased 19% compared to 2021 due to the impact of reserves released from higher matured endowment benefits.

Commissions. Commission  expenses  are  a  cost  of  acquiring  business,  as  commissions  are  the  primary compensation  paid  to  our  independent  consultants  and  independent  agents  for  selling  our  products.    First  year commission rates are higher than renewal commission rates.  Commissions fluctuate directly in relation to sales and thus  the  increase  in  commissions  in  2022  as  compared  to  2021  was  due  to  higher  sales  in  our  Life  Insurance segment in 2022.

Other General Expenses. T otal  general  expenses increased $1.8 million, or 4%, in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to expenses related to our sales convention, which we did not hold in 2021 due to COVID-19, as well as severance costs related to moving our international business from Bermuda to Puerto Rico. We continue to work on managing controllable operating expenses while investing in growth initiatives.

Capitalization of Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs ("DAC"). We capitalize costs related to successful sales of our insurance  products,  which  include  certain  commissions,  policy  issuance  costs,  and  underwriting  and  agency expenses.  These costs vary based upon amounts or premiums received related to new and renewal business. Capitalized  DAC  was  $24.9  million  and  $22.7  million  in  2022  and  2021,  respectively.    Increases  in  capitalized amounts are in line with the increases in new sales activity.  Significantly lower amounts are capitalized related to renewal business in correlation with the lower commissions paid on that business compared to first year business, which has higher commission rates.

Amortization of Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs. Amortization of DAC totaled $26.5 million and $25.0 million in 2022  and  2021,  respectively.  Amortization  of  DAC  is  impacted  by  new  business,  persistency  and  the  level  of surrenders.  The increase in amortization is a result of less favorable persistency in the Home Service Insurance segment and sales.

Goodwill Impairment. In 2021, we recognized a goodwill impairment in our Life Insurance segment of $12.6 million. The impairment was triggered by increases in our carrying value of the Life Insurance segment due to the release of a $43.8 million uncertain tax position in the fourth quarter of 2021 following the expiration of the statute of limitations for the tax year ended December 31, 2017.

Federal  Income  Tax. Federal  income  tax  benefits  of  $0.4  million  in  2022  and  $43.5  million  in  2021  resulted  in effective tax rates of 6% and 650%, respectively. The significant tax benefit in 2021 is the release of the uncertain tax position of $43.8 million related to the expiration of the statute of limitations for the year ended December 31, 2017.  Differences between our effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate result from income and expense items that are treated differently for financial reporting and tax purposes. Refer to Note 9. Income Taxes in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.

## SEGMENT OPERATIONS

As described above, our business is comprised of two operating business segments:

- Life Insurance
- Home Service Insurance

These segments are reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  The Company evaluates profit and loss performance based on net income (loss) before federal income taxes for these segments.  The Company's Other Non-Insurance enterprises include non-insurance operations such as IT and corporate-support functions, which are included in the table presented below to properly reconcile the segment information with the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

| ## Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Loss before federal income taxes:  Segments:  Life Insurance  $  (682)  918  Home Service Insurance  (1,776)  (2,036)  Total Segments  (2,458)  (1,118)  Other Non-Insurance Enterprises  (4,609)  (5,570)  Total loss before federal income taxes  $  (7,067)  (6,688)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LIFE INSURANCE

Our Life Insurance segment primarily issues ordinary whole life insurance and endowment policies in U.S. dollardenominated amounts to non-U.S. residents in more than 70 countries through almost 1,000 active independent marketing consultants as of December 31, 2022.

## Years ended December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  Revenue:  Premiums  Life insurance  $  124,156  125,558  Accident and health insurance  497  500  Net investment income  50,680  47,216  Investment related gains (losses), net  (8,826)  9,176  Other income  3,668  3,362  Total revenue  170,175  185,812  Benefits and expenses:  Insurance benefits paid or provided:  Claims and surrenders  95,576  91,390  Increase in future policy benefit reserves  23,938  29,407  Policyholders' dividends  5,990  6,140  Total insurance benefits paid or provided  125,504  126,937  Commissions  20,031  18,747  Other general expenses  23,192  20,846  Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs  (17,942)  (16,174)  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs  19,810  21,571  Amortization of cost of insurance acquired  262  343  Goodwill impairment  -  12,624  Total benefits and expenses  170,857  184,894  Income (loss) before federal income taxes  $  (682)  918   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In our Life Insurance segment we reported a loss before federal income tax of $0.7 million in 2022 as compared to income of $0.9 million in 2021.  As in our consolidated operations, the current year reflected investment related losses which can cause significant fluctuations from period to period and are not indicative of our operating results. The change in investment related gains (losses) between periods were somewhat offset by higher net investment income, lower death claim benefits and the goodwill impairment that impacted 2021.

Life Insurance Segment premium breakout is detailed below.

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Premiums:  First year  $  11,892  11,420  Renewal  112,761  114,638  Total premium  $  124,653  126,058   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Over 90% of our Life Insurance premium revenue in both 2022 and 2021 was generated by renewal premiums. While  first  year  premiums  increased  by  4%  in  2022  as  compared  to  2021,  overall  premium  revenue  decreased slightly in 2022 compared to 2021 as renewal premiums declined by 2%. Renewal premiums have been declining

over the last several years, due in part to the continued decline in production in Venezuela from one of our top distributors leaving our Company.  As we discuss in Item 3 - Legal Proceedings, we believe these distributors are illegally competing with us and stealing our trade secrets and business.  We began to stem the decline of renewal premiums in 2021, which we believe is due in part to our retention efforts that we also discuss in Part I. Item 1, Business - Strategic Initiatives.

We believe that the increase in first year premiums is the result of actions we have taken over the past two years in executing  on  our  strategic  initiatives  to  issue  new  products  and  improve  distribution  through  focused  sales promotions and campaigns. In 2022, we introduced a new whole life product tailored to our specific markets and for the first time, whole life sales became a significant percentage of our international new business sales, making up 47% of our total 2022 sales.

International Premiums. The following table sets forth, for our top five producing countries, our direct premiums from our international life insurance business for the periods indicated.

## INTERNATIONAL PREMIUMS

<!-- image -->

Years ended December 31, (In thousands, except for %)

| 2022  2021  Country:  Colombia  $  25,181  20.6 %  $  24,829  20.2 %  Taiwan  18,236  14.9  19,042  15.5  Venezuela  16,429  13.4  17,788  14.5  Ecuador  12,992  10.6  13,115  10.7  Argentina  9,251  7.6  9,160  7.5  Other Non-U.S.  40,172  32.9  38,871  31.6  Total  $  122,261  100.0 %  $  122,805  100.0 %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The five countries listed above represented the majority of the new and renewal premiums in both 2022 and 2021. Colombia  and  Argentina  experienced  growth  in  2022  as  compared  to  2021,  which  we  believe  was  driven  by previously mentioned sales campaigns and the introduction of our new whole life product as well as our retention initiatives.  Taiwan, Venezuela and Ecuador experienced declines in 2022 as compared to 2021, which is due to the overall decline in our renewal business as well as items discussed above.

Domestic Premiums. Domestic premiums in our Life Insurance segment were $4.6 million in 2022, compared to $5.0 million in 2021.   The majority of the premium recorded in 2021 and 2022 is related to blocks of business of insurance companies we have acquired over the years as we ceased selling ordinary life in 2017.  We currently offer credit life, credit disability, critical illness and final expense products domestically.

Net Investment Income. Net investment income in our Life Insurance segment increased 7% in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a growing diversified invested asset base and reinvestment into a higher interest rate environment. The majority of investment income is derived from fixed maturity securities; however, long-term investment income continued to increase as our limited partnership asset base grew.

Investment Related Gains (Losses), Net. The  investment  related  losses  in  2022  were  a  result  of  the  change  in estimated fair market value for our limited partnerships, as previously discussed.

Claims and Surrenders. The  following  table  sets  forth  our  primary  claims  and  surrender  benefits  within  our  Life Insurance segment.

## CLAIMS &amp; SURRENDERS

<!-- image -->

## Years ended December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  Claims and surrenders:  Death claim benefits  $  6,091  8,160  Surrender benefits  45,554  49,439  Endowment benefits  8,851  9,565  Matured endowment benefits  30,897  19,709  Accident and health benefits  96  135  Other policy benefits  4,087  4,382  Total claims and surrenders  $  95,576  91,390   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  majority  of  our  claims  and  surrender  benefits  in  our  Life  Insurance  segment  were  related  to  payment  of surrender benefits and matured endowment benefits.  Policy surrenders decreased 8% in 2022 as compared to 2021  and  matured  endowment  benefits  increased  by  57%  in  2022  as  compared  to  2021.  Policy  surrenders decreased the past couple of years as we have instituted new programs seeking to curb surrenders.  Many of our endowment  policies  are  reaching  their  contractual  maturity  dates  and  thus  matured  endowment  benefits  are increasing.

The other key component of claims and surrender benefits is death claim benefits, which decreased 25% in 2022 compared  to  2021  due  to  a  lower  volume  of  reported  claims,  including  COVID-19  related  deaths.  Mortality experience is closely monitored by the Company as a key performance indicator and these amounts were within expected levels.

Increase in future policy benefit reserves. The change in future policy benefit reserves decreased 19% in 2022 compared to 2021 as a result of reserves released from higher matured endowment benefits offsetting increases in insurance issued and better persistency.  In addition, the change in future policy reserves for 2021 was lower due to

an $0.8 million adjustment for the conversion of a small block of policies to our new actuarial valuation system for our Life Insurance segment during the second quarter of 2021.

Other  General  Expenses. General  expenses  increased  in  2022  compared  to  2021  due  primarily  to  expenses associated with our home office and expenses related to our convention and severance costs related to the move of our  international  business  from  Bermuda  to  Puerto  Rico.    We  did  not  have  a  convention  in  2021  due  to  the COVID-19 pandemic.

## HOME SERVICE INSURANCE

Our  Home  Service  Insurance  products  consist  primarily  of  small  face  amount  ordinary  whole  life  and  pre-need policies, which are designed to fund final expenses for the insured, primarily consisting of funeral and burial costs. In June 2021, we added a new whole life product to this market that has higher allowable face values; and in the fourth quarter of 2021, we added a new critical illness insurance product. Our Home Service Insurance segment also  sells  property  insurance  policies  covering  dwellings  and  contents  with  maximum  coverage  of  $30,000  per dwelling.

## Years ended December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  Revenue:  Premiums  Life insurance  $  43,430  44,243  Accident and health insurance  781  750  Property insurance  4,850  3,677  Net investment income  13,632  13,224  Investment related gains (losses), net  (1,277)  618  Other income  1  7  Total revenue  61,417  62,519  Benefits and expenses:  Insurance benefits paid or provided:  Claims and surrenders  24,359  28,345  Increase in future policy benefit reserves  5,702  7,037  Policyholders' dividends  23  40  Total insurance benefits paid or provided  30,084  35,422  Commissions  16,191  16,716  Other general expenses  16,444  14,739  Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs  (6,957)  (6,566)  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs  6,719  3,381  Amortization of cost of insurance acquired  712  863  Total benefits and expenses  63,193  64,555  Income (loss) before federal income taxes  $  (1,776)  (2,036)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In our Home Service segment our net loss before income tax decreased by $0.3 million in 2022 due primarily to lower death claims benefits and fewer hurricane property claims partially offset by investment related losses due to the  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  our  equity  securities,  higher  other  general  operating  expenses  and  increased amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs.

Total Home Service Insurance segment premium revenue increased slightly in 2022 compared to 2021.  Our first year life insurance premiums declined in 2022 compared to 2021. We believe our premium revenue is impacted by lower  persistency  due  to  inflationary  pressures.  Our  total  number  of  issued  policies  within  our  Home  Service segment is up approximately 20% in 2022 compared to 2021.  Property insurance premiums increased in 2022

compared to 2021 due to the impact of higher catastrophic reinsurance reinstatement premiums in 2021 related to the impact of Hurricane Ida.

Claims and Surrenders. Claims and surrender benefits, which are the largest portion of our expenses in the Home Service Insurance segment are summarized below:

| ## Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Claims and surrenders:  Death claim benefits  $  19,667  23,220  Surrender benefits  3,189  2,199  Endowment benefits  13  7  Matured endowment benefits  581  595  Property claims  780  2,112  Accident and health benefits  115  197  Other policy benefits  14  15  Total claims and surrenders  $  24,359  28,345   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  majority  of  claims  and  surrender  benefits  in  our  Home  Service  Insurance  segment  relate  to  death  claim benefits.  Death claim benefits decreased 15% in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a lower volume of reported claims, including COVID-19 related deaths. Mortality experience is closely monitored by the Company and can fluctuate based on reported claims as a key performance indicator.

Surrender  benefits  increased  in  2022  compared  to  2021.  We  believe  the  impact  of  inflation  and  curtailment  of COVID-19 relief government aid in 2022 is negatively impacting persistency.

Property claims decreased in 2022 compared to 2021. The Company was impacted by Hurricane Ida in 2021.  We have a reinsurance agreement that covers catastrophic events such as hurricanes. This 2021 agreement contains a maximum coverage of $11.0 million per event and a retention level of $0.5 million per event.  With no hurricane activity in 2022, our property claims decreased in 2022 compared to 2021.

Increase in future policy benefit reserves. The change in future policy benefit reserves decreased 19.0% in 2022 compared to 2021 due to lower persistency as discussed above.

Other general expenses. Other general expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily from higher expenses related  to  our  convention  and  2021  included  a  released  tax  compliance  best  estimate  liability  of  $1.8 million partially offset by lower employee health benefit costs.

Amortization of  Deferred  Policy  Acquisition  Costs. Amortization  is  impacted  by  persistency,  surrenders,  and  new sales  production  and  thus  it  may  fluctuate  from  period  to  period  depending  on  these  factors.   Amortization  has increased in 2022, compared to 2021 from changes in persistency and higher surrenders as discussed above.

## OTHER NON-INSURANCE ENTERPRISES

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Income (loss) before federal income tax  $  (4,609)  (5,570)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This operating unit represents the administrative support entities to the insurance operations whose revenues are primarily  intercompany  and  have  been  eliminated  in  consolidation  under  U.S.  GAAP,  which  typically  results  in  a segment loss. Revenue in this operating unit consists primarily of net investment income and investment related gains or losses, while expenses consist of other general expenses.  The loss reported for 2022 declined as other general expenses decreased in 2022 by not incurring fees in the current year related to the change in control of the

Company nor consulting fees paid to our former CEO as we did in 2021. The Company also sold its former training facility located near Austin, Texas during 2021, resulting in a gain on the sale of $1.0 million.

## INVESTMENTS

Our  investments  play  a  significant  role  in  the  success  of  our  business,  as  we  invest  the  majority  of  premiums collected to pay for future benefits and rely on net investment income for our ongoing operations. The administration of our investment portfolio is handled by our management and a third-party investment manager, pursuant to Boardapproved investment guidelines.  State insurance statutes prescribe the quality and percentage of the various types of  investments  that  may  be  made  by  insurance  companies  and  generally  permit  investment  in  qualified  state, municipal, federal and foreign government obligations, high quality corporate bonds, preferred and common stock, mortgage loans and real estate within certain specified  percentages.  Our  investment  guidelines  comply  with  the applicable statutes and thus fixed maturity securities comprise a majority of our investment portfolio.  The assets are intended to mature in accordance with the average maturity of the insurance products and to provide the cash flow for our insurance company subsidiaries to meet their respective policyholder obligations and operating expenses.

In executing investing activities our management  and  third-party investment manager are incorporating environmental,  social  and  governance  factors  into  their  respective  investment  processes  as  appropriate.  These factors include investing in opportunities to help mitigate climate change by pursuing relevant investments across asset classes.

The following table shows the carrying value of our investments by investment category and cash along with the percentage of each to total invested assets.

| As of December 31,  (In thousands, except for %)  2022  %  2021  %  Cash and invested assets:  Fixed maturity securities:  U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government-  sponsored enterprises  $  13,278  1.0 %  $  15,070  0.9 %  Corporate  715,645  52.5  893,008  54.0  Municipal bonds  (1)  307,358  22.5  383,958  23.3  Mortgage-backed  (2)  99,995  7.3  133,795  8.1  Asset-backed  43,242  3.2  44,676  2.7  Foreign governments  101  -  110  -  Total fixed maturity securities  1,179,619  86.5  1,470,617  89.0  Short-term investments  1,241  0.1  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  22,973  1.7  27,294  1.7  Other investments:  Policy loans  78,773  5.8  80,307  4.9  Equity securities  11,590  0.8  14,844  0.9  Other long-term investments  69,558  5.1  57,399  3.5  Total cash and invested assets  $  1,363,754  100.0 %  $  1,650,461  100.0 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes  $133.2  million  and  $158.6  million  of  securities  guaranteed  by  third  parties  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021, respectively.

(2) Includes $98.8 million and $133.7 million of U.S. Government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The carrying value of the Company's fixed maturity securities investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 was $1.2 billion  compared  to  $1.5  billion  at  December  31,  2021.  As  discussed  above,  this  decline  reflects  the  impact  of interest rate sensitivity on the fair value of our fixed maturity securities.  The distribution of the credit ratings of our portfolio  of  fixed  maturity  securities  by  carrying  value  as  of  December  31,  2022  did  not  materially  change  from December 31, 2021 - the weighted average was 'A' at both dates.

Cash and cash equivalents decreased as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 due to timing of cash inflows and investments of cash into marketable securities. In 2022, as fixed maturity securities matured or were called, we utilized the cash to invest into higher yielding bonds as interest rates were rising.

Other long-term investments increased to $69.6 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to $57.4 million as of December 31, 2021, primarily due to investments of $13.3 million in limited partnerships.

At December 31, 2022, investments in fixed maturity and equity securities were 87% of our total cash and invested assets.    All  of  our  fixed  maturity  securities  were  classified  as  available-for-sale  at  December  31,  2022  and 2021.  We had no fixed maturity securities that were classified as trading securities at December 31, 2022 or 2021.

The following table shows annualized investment yields by segment and on a consolidated basis as of December 31 for each year presented.

| Year  Life  Insurance  Home  Service  Insurance  Consolidated  2022  4.40 %  4.48 %  4.40 %  2021  4.26 %  4.37 %  4.24 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Yields on investment assets vary between segment operations due to different portfolio mixes and durations in the segments. The consolidated yields include our other non-insurance enterprises.  The annualized yield increased across our segments in 2022 compared to 2021 resulting primarily from the rising interest rate environment. The sustained low interest rate environment of the past several years for fixed maturity assets, which account for the majority  of  our  investment  portfolio,  has  required  us  to  reinvest  a  portion  of  our  portfolio  at  lower  interest  rates. Diversification of our investment portfolio into limited partnership investments helped offset a challenging investment environment for fixed maturity securities. However, insurance regulations limit the amount we can invest in these alternative investments.

Credit quality is an important feature of our investment guidelines for our fixed maturity securities. Credit ratings reported  for  the  periods  indicated  are  assigned  by  a  Nationally  Recognized  Statistical  Rating  Organization ("NRSRO") such as Moody's Investors Service, Standard &amp; Poor's and Fitch Ratings.  A credit rating assigned by a NRSRO is a quality-based rating, with AAA representing the highest quality and D the lowest, with BBB and above being considered investment grade.  If there is no NRSRO rating, the Company may use credit ratings of the NAIC Securities Valuation Office ("SVO") as assigned.  Securities rated by the SVO are grouped in the equivalent NRSRO category as stated by the SVO, and securities that are not rated by a NRSRO are included in the "other" category.

The following table shows the distribution of the credit ratings of our portfolio of fixed maturity securities by carrying value.

## December 31,

| (In thousands, except for %)  2022  %  2021  %  AAA  $  36,254  3.1 %  $  29,572  2.0 %  AA  355,615  30.1  425,996  29.0  A  331,840  28.2  418,465  28.5  BBB  440,457  37.3  565,923  38.5  BB and other  15,453  1.3  30,661  2.0  Totals  $  1,179,619  100.0 %  $  1,470,617  100.0 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company made new investments in investment grade bonds during 2022.  Non-investment grade securities are the result of downgrades of issuers or securities acquired during acquisitions of other companies, as the Company has not purchased below investment grade securities.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  held  municipal  fixed  maturity  securities  that  include  third-party guarantees.  Detailed below is a presentation by credit rating of our municipal holdings by funding type.

| December 31, 2022  General Obligation  Special Revenue  Other  Total  % Based  on  Amortized  Cost  (In thousands,  except for %)  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Municipal fixed maturity securities shown including third-party guarantees  AAA  $ 14,574  14,561  6,661  7,084  -  -  21,235  21,645  6.3 %  AA  50,010  50,453  111,027  129,790  10,446  11,094  171,483  191,337  55.6  A  4,074  4,545  89,822  103,838  4,434  4,405  98,330  112,788  32.8  BBB  2,455  2,546  8,424  9,983  1,332  1,450  12,211  13,979  4.1  BB and other  2,832  3,191  1,267  1,268  -  -  4,099  4,459  1.2  Total  $ 73,945  75,296  217,201  251,963  16,212  16,949  307,358  344,208  100.0 %  Municipal fixed maturity securities shown excluding third-party guarantees  AA  $ 34,710  35,012  38,020  43,042  6,559  6,509  79,289  84,563  24.6  A  16,347  16,988  122,272  143,191  6,769  7,135  145,388  167,314  48.6  BBB  4,386  4,452  26,553  30,616  1,552  1,855  32,491  36,923  10.7  BB and other  18,502  18,844  30,356  35,114  1,332  1,450  50,190  55,408  16.1  Total  $ 73,945  75,296  217,201  251,963  16,212  16,949  307,358  344,208  100.0 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below shows the categories in which the Company held investments in special revenue bonds that were greater  than  10%  of  fair  value  based  upon  the  Company's  portfolio  of  municipal  fixed  maturity  securities  at December 31, 2022.

| (In thousands, except for %)  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  % of Total  Fair Value  Utilities  $  49,818  54,414  16.2 %  Education  48,164  55,683  15.7 %  Transportation  35,759  44,670  11.6 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's municipal holdings are spread across many states. However, municipal fixed maturity securities from Texas and California comprise the most significant concentration of the total municipal holdings portfolio as of December 31, 2022.

The Company holds 22% and 13% of its municipal holdings in Texas and California issuers, respectively, as of December 31, 2022.  There were no other states or individual issuer holdings that represented or exceeded 10% of the total municipal portfolio as of December 31, 2022.

The table below represents the Company's detailed exposure to municipal bond portfolio by credit rating in Texas at December 31, 2022.

| General Obligation  Special Revenue  Other  Total  (In thousands)  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Texas securities including third-party guarantees  AAA  $  14,072  14,055  2,965  3,059  -  -  17,037  17,114  AA  18,325  18,253  14,194  16,310  -  -  32,519  34,563  A  -  -  15,059  20,380  -  -  15,059  20,380  BBB  -  -  1,740  1,821  -  -  1,740  1,821  BB and other  -  -  501  502  -  -  501  502  Total  $  32,397  32,308  34,459  42,072  -  -  66,856  74,380  Texas securities excluding third-party guarantees  AA  $  26,395  26,312  3,004  2,993  -  -  29,399  29,305  A  4,862  4,853  24,088  31,051  -  -  28,950  35,904  BBB  1,140  1,143  4,909  5,243  -  -  6,049  6,386  BB and other  -  -  2,458  2,785  -  -  2,458  2,785  Total  $  32,397  32,308  34,459  42,072  -  -  66,856  74,380   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  table  below  represents  the  Company's  detailed  exposure  to  municipal  bond  portfolio  by  credit  rating  in California at December 31, 2022.

| General Obligation  Special Revenue  Other  Total  (In thousands)  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  Fair  Value  Amortized  Cost  California securities including third-party guarantees  AA  $  1,413  1,586  28,151  35,613  2,334  2,730  31,898  39,929  A  1,213  1,650  6,041  8,090  -  -  7,254  9,740  BBB  -  -  865  865  -  -  865  865  Total  $  2,626  3,236  35,057  44,568  2,334  2,730  40,017  50,534  California securities excluding third-party guarantees  AA  $  -  -  4,505  5,446  -  -  4,505  5,446  A  2,626  3,236  14,213  18,978  2,334  2,730  19,173  24,944  BBB  -  -  3,624  3,937  -  -  3,624  3,937  BB and other  -  -  12,715  16,207  -  -  12,715  16,207  Total  $  2,626  3,236  35,057  44,568  2,334  2,730  40,017  50,534   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## IMPAIRMENT CONSIDERATIONS  RELATED TO INVESTMENTS IN FIXED MATURITY AND EQUITY SECURITIES

The  Company  assesses  available-for-sale  ("AFS")  fixed  maturity  securities  in  an  unrealized  loss  position  for expected credit losses.  The Company did not record any credit valuation allowances on fixed maturity securities in 2022 or 2021.

Gross unrealized losses on AFS fixed maturity securities amounted to $205.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and $3.0 million as of December 31, 2021.  This increase in gross unrealized losses during 2022 was a result of the increase in average market interest rates compared to 2021.

Information on both unrealized and realized gains and losses by category is set forth in Note 2. Investments of the notes to our consolidated financial statements.

## REINSURANCE

As is customary among insurance companies, our insurance company subsidiaries reinsure, with other companies, portions of the life insurance risks they underwrite.  A primary purpose of reinsurance agreements is to enable an insurance company to reduce the amount of risk by reinsuring the amount exceeding the maximum amount the insurance company is willing to retain.  Even though a portion of the risk may be reinsured, our insurance company subsidiaries remain liable to perform all the obligations imposed by the policies issued by them and could be liable if their reinsurers were unable to meet their obligations under the reinsurance agreements.

We believe we have established appropriate reinsurance coverage based upon our net retained insured liabilities compared to our surplus.

The effect of reinsurance on premiums is as follows.

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Direct premiums  $  176,973  178,806  Reinsurance assumed  74  84  Reinsurance ceded  (3,333)  (4,162)  Net premiums  $  173,714  174,728   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our insurance subsidiaries monitor the solvency of their reinsurers in seeking to minimize the risk of loss in the event  of  default  by  a  reinsurer.    The  primary  reinsurers  of  our  insurance  subsidiaries  are  large,  well-capitalized entities who have ratings by A.M. Best Company ranging from A- (Excellent) to A+ (Superior).

The effect of reinsurance on life insurance in force is as follows.

| ## Years ended December 31,  (In millions)  2022  2021  Direct written life insurance in force  $  4,797  4,628  Reinsurance assumed  4  4  Reinsurance ceded  (544)  (466)  Net life insurance in force  $  4,257  4,166   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our property insurance company, SPFIC, currently carries first and second event catastrophe reinsurance coverage of $11.0 million per event and a retention level of $1.4 million per event.  Thus, SPFIC is responsible for the first $0.8  million  of  incurred  claims  and  any  claims  in  excess  of  $11.0  million  per  event.  In  addition,  SPFIC  shares responsibility with our reinsurers for up to an additional $0.6 million of incurred claims should total incurred claims reach $11.0 million per event.

## LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Below are our primary capital resources (based on carrying value) at each of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| (In thousands, except for %)  2022  2021  Fixed maturity securities  $  1,179,619  1,470,617  Cash and cash equivalents  22,973  27,294   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Liquidity refers to a company's ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the needs of its operations.  In the year  ended  December 31, 2022, our operations provided $56.9 million  in  net  cash.    We  manage  our  insurance operations as described herein in order to ensure that we have stable and reliable sources of cash flows to meet our obligations.  We currently anticipate meeting our short-term and long-term cash needs with cash generated by our insurance operations and from our invested assets.  From time-to-time we may raise capital by selling shares in our SIP (as defined below) and we may also access our Credit Facility if needed (also as described below).

## PARENT COMPANY LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Citizens is a holding company and has had minimal operations of its own.  Our assets consist of the capital stock of our  subsidiaries,  cash  and  investments.  Our  liquidity  requirements  are  met  primarily  from  two  sources:  cash generated from our operating subsidiaries and our invested assets. Our ability to obtain cash from our insurance subsidiaries depends primarily upon the availability of statutorily permissible payments, including payments Citizens receives from service agreements with our insurance subsidiaries and dividends from the subsidiaries. The ability to make  payments  to  the  holding  company  is  limited  by  applicable  laws  and  regulations  of  Bermuda  (and  as  of January  1,  2023,  Puerto  Rico),  and  U.S.  states  of  domicile  which  subject  insurance  operations  to  significant regulatory restrictions. As discussed in Part I, Item 1, Business and Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors, these laws and regulations  require,  among  other  things,  that  our  insurance  subsidiaries  maintain  minimum  capital  and  surplus requirements, which limit the amount of dividends that can be paid to the holding company. The regulations also require approval of our service agreements with the applicable regulatory authority in order to prevent insurance subsidiaries from moving large amounts of cash to the less regulated holding company.

In addition to the above-mentioned sources of cash, we offer a Stock Investment Plan ("SIP"), whereby investors, policyholders, independent contractors and agents, employees and directors can directly purchase our stock.  At our option, purchases of stock under the SIP can be made from newly issued or treasury stock, rather than in the open market, in which case, we can raise capital by selling our shares.

On May 5, 2021, we entered into a Credit Facility with Regions Bank. See Part IV, Item 15, Note 7, Commitments and  Contingencies  in  the  notes  to  our  consolidated  financial  statements,  herein,  for  a  description  of  the  Credit Facility.  The Credit Facility provides additional liquidity to the Company for short-term and longer-term needs.  As of December 31, 2022, we have not borrowed any money under the Credit Facility and have no immediate plans to do so.

## INSURANCE COMPANY SUBSIDIARY LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The liquidity requirements of our insurance operations are primarily met by premium revenues, investment income and investment maturities. Our primary uses of cash are for payments of policy benefits to policyholders, investment purchases, and operating expenses.  Historically, cash flow from our operations has been sufficient to meet our cash needs and we have not had to liquidate a material amount of investments to pay our expenses and we did not do so in 2022.  Premium revenue was $173.7 million and $174.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,  respectively.  See  Contractual  Obligations  and  Off-balance  Sheet Arrangements  below  for  a  discussion  of known  and  estimated  cash  needs  related  to  payments  of  future  policy  benefits  and  policy  claims.  Cash  flow projections  and  cash  flow  tests  under  various  market  interest  rate  scenarios  are  performed  annually  to  assist  in evaluating liquidity needs and adequacy.

Cash  from  Operating  Activities. Cash  provided  by  operating  activities  is  an  important  liquidity  metric  because  it reflects, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to pay our operating expenses, invest

in  our  business  or  make  strategic  acquisitions.  Cash  provided  by  operating  activities  was  $56.9  million  and $40.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash provided by operations was higher in 2022 due to (i) the $8.8 million severance payment to our former CEO in 2021, and (ii) decreased death and surrender benefits in 2022.

Cash from/used in Investing Activities. We have traditionally also had significant cash flows from both scheduled and unscheduled investment security maturities, redemptions, and prepayments.  These cash flows, for the most part,  are  reinvested  in  fixed  income  securities  and  to  a  lesser  extent  limited  partnerships  or  other  alternative investments. Net cash outflows from investing activities totaled $60.7 million and $41.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The investing activities fluctuate from period to period due to timing of securities activities such as calls and maturities and reinvestment of those funds. During 2022, we used a higher amount of cash in investing activities, as we were able to invest at higher interest rates than the past several years, thus  increasing  our  yields.    88%  of  our  investments  consist  of  marketable  fixed  maturity  securities  classified  as available-for-sale that could be readily converted to cash for liquidity needs.

## Trends, Demands and Restrictions on our Uses of Cash

Because  claims  and  surrenders  are  our  largest  expense,  a  primary  liquidity  concern  is  the  risk  of  either  (i)  an extraordinary level of early policyholder surrenders, or (ii) higher than expected mortality experience. In order to mitigate the risk of early policyholder surrenders, we include provisions in our insurance policies, such as surrender charges, that help limit and discourage early withdrawals. As previously discussed, surrender benefits have been higher than usual the last several years as many of our policies have reached the age where surrender charges have expired and due to other reasons, like the loss of one of our biggest distributors in Venezuela (see Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings). However, policy surrenders decreased 5.6% in 2022 when compared to 2021 as we have instituted new programs seeking to curb surrenders. To the extent that early surrenders are higher than expected, our liquidity could be negatively impacted. We continue to monitor surrenders and early withdrawals.

Our endowment products provide the policyholder with alternatives once the policy matures - they can choose to take a lump sum payout or leave the money on deposit at interest with the Company.  As of December 31, 2022, 38% of the Company's total insurance in force was in endowment products.  Approximately 17% of the endowments in force will mature in the next five years. Policyholder election behavior is unknown, but if too many policyholders elect lump sum distributions, the Company could be exposed to liquidity risk in years of high maturities. Meeting these  distributions  could  require  the  Company  to  sell  its  investments  at  inopportune  times  to  pay  policyholder withdrawals. Alternatively, if the policyholders were to leave the money on deposit with the Company at interest, our profitability could be impacted if the product guaranteed rate is higher than the market rate we are earning on our investments. We currently anticipate that our available operating cash flow and capital resources will be adequate to meet our needs for funds, but we will monitor closely our policyholder behavior patterns.

We experienced increased death claim benefits in 2021, primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Because the pandemic was an unforeseen event that was not priced into our product assumptions, to the extent we continue to experience increased claims and the associated death benefit payouts as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or any  other  unforeseen  event,  our  liquidity  could  be  negatively  impacted.  Some  of  our  policies  include  pandemic exclusions, and we carry reinsurance to offset some of these risks. However, death claim benefits decreased by 17.9% in 2022 compared to 2021.

As discussed above, we are subject to regulatory capital requirements that could affect the Company's ability to access capital from our insurance operations or cause the Company to have to put additional cash in our whollyowned subsidiaries.

Our domestic companies are subject to minimum capital requirements set by the NAIC in the form of risk-based capital ("RBC").  RBC considers the type of business written by an insurance company, the quality of its assets, and various other aspects of an insurance company's business to develop a minimum level of capital called "Authorized Control  Level  Risk-Based  Capital".  This  level  of  capital  is  then  compared  to  an  adjusted  statutory  capital  that includes  capital  and  surplus  as  reported  under  statutory  accounting  principles,  plus  certain  investment  reserves. Should the ratio of adjusted statutory capital to control level RBC fall below 200% for our domestic companies, a series of remedial actions by the affected company would be required. Additionally, we have a parental guarantee

between  Citizens  and  CICA,  Citizens'  wholly-owned  subsidiary  domiciled  in  Colorado,  to  maintain  a  RBC  level above 350%.  At December 31, 2022, our domestic insurance subsidiaries were above the required minimum RBC levels.

CICA International  is  a  Bermuda  domiciled  company. The  BMA  requires  Bermuda  insurers  to  maintain  available statutory economic capital and surplus at a level equal to or in excess of the BMA's Enhanced Capital Requirement, which requires a certain Target Capital Level ("TCL").  As of December 31, 2022, CICA International was above the TCL threshold.  As the Insurance Act permits, we requested a modification under Section 6C of the Insurance Act to remove the impact of unrealized gains or losses from the Minimum Margin of Solvency ('MMS') requirement.  On January 19, 2023, the BMA granted CICA International a permitted practice, effective December 31, 2022, pursuant to  Section  6C  (1)  of  the  Insurance  Act  to  report  its  fixed  income  maturity  securities  at  amortized  cost  in  its unconsolidated  statutory  financial  statements. At  the  request  of  the  BMA,  on April  15,  2021,  Citizens  and  CICA International entered into a Keep Well Agreement. The Keep Well Agreement requires Citizens to contribute up to $10 million in capital to CICA International as necessary to ensure that CICA International has a minimum capital level of 120%.  Since CICA International's capital level currently exceeds 120%, Citizens is not currently required to make a capital contribution.  Any capital injection that Citizens is required to make under the parental guarantee with CICA  or  under  the  Keep  Well  Agreement  or  change  in  our  permitted  practice  with  CICA  International  could negatively impact the Company's capital resources and liquidity.

CICA PR is a Puerto Rico domiciled company. The Insurance Code does not specifically set forth minimum capital and  surplus  standards,  but  rather  requires  that  an  insurer  submit  a  business  plan  for  approval  to  the  OIC  that includes proposed minimum capital and surplus. CICA PR is required to maintain a minimum of $750,000 in capital and maintain a premium to surplus ratio of 7 to 1.   CICA PR began issuing new business as of January 1, 2023 and since  higher  costs  are  associated  with  new  business  than  renewal  business  (e.g.,  first  year  commissions),  we expect that Citizens will have to contribute capital to CICA PR in the foreseeable future in order to maintain the required premium to surplus ratio.  Like with CICA International, any capital that Citizens is required to contribute could negatively impact the Company's capital resources and liquidity.

## CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our policy liabilities. Expected timing of those payments are as follows:

| Year ended December 31, 2022  (In thousands)  Total  Less than 1  Year  1 to 3 Years  3 to 5 Years  More than 5  Years  Contractual Obligations:  Investment commitments  $  28,562  20,011  8,551  -  -  Real estate and equipment leases  10,116  1,163  2,432  2,505  4,016  Future policy benefit reserves  1,516,051  47,137  142,715  116,116  1,210,083  Policy claims payable  9,884  9,884  -  -  -  Total contractual obligations  $  1,564,613  78,195  153,698  118,621  1,214,099   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Future Policy Benefit Reserves and Policy Claims Payable. As a life insurance company, the vast majority of our known cash requirements are for payments related to future policy benefits and policy claims payable, which we estimated in the table above. These amounts have been projected utilizing assumptions based upon our historical experience and anticipated future experience. We have reflected the majority of the obligation in the more than fiveyears category due to the age of the insured, years to policy maturity and our past experience with claims and surrenders.

Real Estate Lease. The Company entered into a long-term lease agreement with an unrelated party for its home office  in  Austin,  Texas.    Payments  under  this  long-term  lease  agreement  average  approximately  $112,000  per month.

The Company does not have off-balance sheet arrangements at December 31, 2022.  We do not utilize special purpose entities as investment vehicles, nor do we invest in any such entities that engage in speculative activities of any nature. In addition, we do not hedge our investment positions.

We have no known material cash requirements other than those described above.

## CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  reported  amounts  and  related  disclosures.    Management  considers  an accounting  estimate  to  be  critical  if:  (1)  it  requires  assumptions  to  be  made  that  were  uncertain  at  the  time  the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or different estimates that could have been selected, could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.  While we believe that our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information presently available.  Changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments as a result of unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.

Management  has  discussed  the  development  and  selection  of  its  critical  accounting  estimates  with  the  Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed the disclosure presented.  See Note 1. Summary  of  Significant  Accounting  Policies  in  the  notes  to  our  consolidated  financial  statements  for  further information on our critical accounting policies.

## VALUATION OF INVESTMENTS IN FIXED MATURITY SECURITIES

Based upon current accounting guidance, investment securities must be classified as held-to-maturity, available-forsale  ("AFS")  or  trading.    Management  determines  the  appropriate  classification  at  the  time  of  purchase.    The classification of securities is significant since it directly impacts the accounting for unrealized gains and losses on securities.    Fixed  maturity  securities  are  classified  as  held-to-maturity  and  carried  at  amortized  cost  when management has the positive intent and the Company has the ability to hold the securities to maturity.  Securities not  classified  as  held-to-maturity  are  classified  as AFS  and  are  carried  at  fair  value,  with  the  unrealized  holding gains and losses, net of tax, reported in other comprehensive income (loss) and do not affect earnings until realized. The Company currently does not hold any fixed maturity securities classified as held-to-maturity.

The Company monitors all fixed maturity securities on an on-going basis relative to changes in credit ratings, market prices, earnings trends and financial performance, in addition to specific region or industry reviews.  The Company evaluates  whether  a  credit  impairment  exists  for  fixed  maturity  securities  by  considering  primarily  the  following factors: (a) changes in the financial condition of the security's underlying collateral; (b) whether the issuer is current on contractually obligated interest and principal payments; (c) changes in the financial condition, credit rating and near-term prospects of the issuer; and (d) the payment structure of the security.  The Company's best estimate of expected  future cash flows used  to determine the credit loss amount  is a quantitative and  qualitative process.  Quantitative review includes information received from third-party sources such as financial statements, pricing and rating changes, liquidity and other statistical information.  Qualitative factors include judgments related to business strategies, economic impacts on the issuer, overall judgment related to estimates and industry factors as  well  as  the  Company's  intent  to  sell  the  security,  or  if  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  Company  would  be required to sell a security before recovery of its amortized cost.

The  Company's  best  estimate  of  future  cash  flows  involves  assumptions  including,  but  not  limited  to,  various performance  indicators,  such  as  historical  and  projected  default  and  recovery  rates,  credit  ratings,  and  current delinquency  rates.    These  assumptions  require  the  use  of  significant  management  judgment  and  include  the probability of issuer default and estimates regarding timing and amount of expected recoveries, which may include estimating the underlying collateral value.  In addition, projections of expected future fixed maturity security cash flows  may  change  based  upon  new  information  regarding  the  performance  of  the  issuer. Any  credit  losses  are presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down of AFS fixed maturity securities.

## DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS

Acquisition costs, consisting of commissions and policy issuance, underwriting and agent convention expenses that are  directly  related  to  and  vary  with  the  successful  production  of  new  business  are  deferred.    These  deferred amounts, referred to as deferred policy acquisition costs ("DAC"), are recorded as an asset on the consolidated balance  sheets  and  amortized  to  income  in  a  systematic  manner,  based  on  related  contract  revenues  or  gross profits as appropriate.

Traditional  life  insurance  and  accident  and  health  insurance  acquisition  costs  are  amortized  over  the  premiumpaying period of the related policies using assumptions consistent with those used in computing future policy benefit liabilities.    For  universal  life  type  contracts  and investment contracts that include significant surrender charges or that yield significant revenues from sources other than the investment contract holders' funds, the deferred contract acquisition cost amortization is matched to the recognition of gross profit.  The effect on the DAC asset that would result from realization of unrealized gains or losses is recognized  with an  offset  to  accumulated  other comprehensive income in consolidated stockholders' equity.  If an internal replacement of insurance or investment contract modification substantially changes a contract as defined in current accounting guidance, then the DAC is written  off  immediately  through  income  and  any  new  deferrable  costs  associated  with  the  new  replacement  are deferred.  If a contract modification does not substantially change the contract, the DAC amortization on the original contract will continue and any acquisition costs associated with the related modification are immediately expensed.

The ending DAC asset balance is calculated at a seriatim level for policies in force at the end of each reporting period based on the remaining unamortized asset.  The assumptions used to calculate DAC are set when a policy is issued and do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. The seriatim method ensures that policies lapsed or surrendered during the reporting period are no longer included in the DAC calculation.  This  method  limits  the  amount  of  deferred  costs  to  its  estimated  realizable  value,  provided  actual experience is comparable to that contemplated in the locked-in assumptions.

Inherent in the capitalization and amortization of DAC are certain management judgments about what acquisition costs are deferred, the ending asset balance and the annual amortization.  Approximately 94.6% of our capitalized DAC are attributed to first year and renewal excess commissions.  The remaining 5.4% are attributed to other costs that  vary  with  and  are  directly  related  to  the  successful  acquisition  of  new  insurance  business.    Those  costs generally include costs related to the production, underwriting and issuance of new business.

DAC is subject to recoverability  testing  at  the  time  of  policy  issuance  and  loss  recognition  testing  on  an  annual basis,  or  when  an  event  occurs  that  might  require  loss  recognition  testing.  If  loss  recognition  or  impairment  is necessary,  DAC  would  be  written  off  to  the  extent  that  anticipated  future  premiums  and  investment  income  is insufficient to cover expected future policy benefits and expenses.  Loss recognition testing considers, among other things,  actual  experience  and  projected  future  experience  and  calculates  the  available  premium  (gross  premium less the benefit and expense portion of premium) for the next 50 years.  DAC is evaluated for recoverability using best  estimate  assumptions  related  to  interest  rates,  mortality  and  lapses.    Based  on  the  results  of  DAC recoverability and loss recognition testing, management believes that our DAC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is recorded at its estimated realizable value. However, if mortality increases by more than 125% from our underlying assumptions a loss recognition event could occur in our Home Service Insurance segment. Likewise,  if  interest  rates  decline  significantly,  a  loss  recognition  event  could  occur  in  both  of  our  operating segments.

For DAC related to long-duration traditional insurance contracts, if the assets supporting the liabilities are in a net unrealized  gain  position  at  the  balance  sheet  date,  loss  recognition  testing  assumptions  are  updated  to  exclude such gains from future cash flows by reflecting the impact of reinvestment rates on future yields. If a future loss is anticipated under this basis, any additional shortfall indicated by loss recognition tests is recognized as a reduction in accumulated other comprehensive income (shadow loss recognition). Similar to other loss recognition on longduration insurance contracts, such shortfall is first reflected as a reduction in DAC and secondly as an increase in liabilities for future policy benefits. The change in these adjustments, net of tax, is included with the change in net unrealized appreciation of investments that is credited or charged directly to other comprehensive income (loss).

## COST OF INSURANCE ACQUIRED

Cost of Insurance Acquired ("COIA") is established when we purchase a block of insurance.  COIA is amortized over the emerging profit of the related policies using the same assumptions as were used in computing liabilities for future policy benefits.  Inherent in the amortization of COIA are certain management judgments about the ending asset  balance  and  the  annual  amortization.    The  key  assumptions  used  are  based  upon  interest,  mortality  and lapses at the time of purchase.

A  recoverability  test  that  considers,  among  other  things,  actual  experience  and  projected  future  experience  is performed at least annually.  These annual recoverability tests are based initially on an estimate of the available premium  (gross  premium  less  the  benefit  and  expense  portion  of  premium)  for  the  next  50  years  using  best estimate  assumptions  related  to  interest  rates,  mortality  and  lapses.    Management  believes  that  our  COIA  is recoverable for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.  This belief is based upon the analysis performed on estimated future results of the block and our annual recoverability testing.

## POLICY LIABILITIES

Future policy benefit reserves have been computed using the net level premium method with assumptions as to investment  yields,  dividends  on  participating  business,  mortality,  lapses  and  withdrawals  based  upon  our experience.    The  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amount  of  policy  liabilities  and  the  increase  in  future  policy  benefit reserves.  Management's judgments and estimates for future policy benefit reserves provide for possible adverse deviation.

We continue to use the original assumptions (including a provision for the risk of adverse deviation) in subsequent periods to determine the changes in the liability for future policy benefits (the "lock-in concept') unless a premium deficiency exists.  Management monitors these assumptions and has determined that a premium deficiency did not exist as of December 31, 2022.  Management believes that our policy liabilities and increase in future policy benefit reserves as of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are based upon assumptions, including a provision for the risk of adverse deviation, that do not warrant revision. Annually, the Company completes experience studies with  respect  to  mortality,  lapse,  interest  and  expenses.    The  results  of  these  studies  are  used  for  current  year reserve  adequacy  testing,  which  includes  loss  recognition  and  establishing  benefit  liabilities  and  DAC  for  the following year's new issues.

## TAX ACCOUNTING

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  recognized  for  the  estimated  future  tax  consequences  attributable  to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of  a  change  in  tax  rates  is  recognized  in  net  income  in  the  period  in  which  the  change  is  enacted.    CICA International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Citizens, is considered a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax  purposes. As  a  result,  the  insurance  activity  of  CICA  International  is  subject  to  Subpart  F  of  the  IRC  and  is included  in  Citizens  taxable  income  on  its  U.S.  federal  income  tax  return.    Due  to  the  0%  enacted  tax  rate  in Bermuda there are no deferred taxes recorded for CICA International's temporary differences.

As  required  by  U.S.  GAAP,  we  evaluated  the  recoverability  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  the  establishment  of  a valuation allowance, if necessary, to reduce the deferred tax asset to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized.    For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  changes  in  market  conditions  including  rising  interest  rates, resulted  in  deferred  tax  assets  related  to  the  net  unrealized  capital  losses  in  our  investment  portfolio.    When assessing the need for a valuation allowance on the unrealized capital loss deferred tax assets, we assert a tax planning strategy to hold a majority of the underlying securities to recovery or maturity.  Our ability to assert such a tax  planning  strategy  is  dependent  upon  factors  such  as  our  asset/liability  matching  process,  overall  investment strategy, projected future product sales and expected liquidity needs. In the event these estimates differ from our prior estimates due to the receipt of new information, we may be required to significantly change the income tax expense recorded in the consolidated financial statements.  This includes a further significant decline in the value of

assets incorporated into our tax planning strategies which could lead to an increase in our valuation allowance on deferred tax assets having an adverse effect on current and future results.

## RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and "Accounting Pronouncements" in Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to our consolidated financial statements.

## Item 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

As a smaller reporting company, we have elected to comply with certain scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the information required by this Item.

## Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Reference is made to the consolidated financial statements, the notes thereto, and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, as listed on the table of contents.

All  other  schedules  have  been  omitted  as  the  required  information  is  inapplicable  or  the  information  required  is presented in the financial statements or the notes thereto filed elsewhere herein.

## Item  9.  CHANGES  IN  AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

## Item 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## (a)  EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) that are designed to ensure that information required to be  disclosed  in  our  reports  filed  or  submitted  under  the  Exchange Act  is  recorded,  processed,  summarized  and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within  the  time  periods  specified  in  the  rules  and  forms  of  the  SEC  and  such  information  is  accumulated  and reported  to  management,  including  our  principal  executive  and  financial  officers,  as  appropriate  to  allow  timely decisions regarding disclosure.

## (b)  MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined  in  Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  of  the  Exchange  Act.  The  Company's  internal  control  over  financial reporting  is  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,  projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may become  inadequate  because  of  changes  in  conditions,  or  that  the  degree  of  compliance  with  the  policies  or procedures may deteriorate.

Management evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria  established  in Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013) issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO").  Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was effective.

Grant  Thornton  LLP,  an  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm,  audited  the  effectiveness  of  our  internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their attestation report is included in Item 9A(c) of this Annual Report.

## (c)  ATTESTATION REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Board of Directors and Stockholders Citizens, Inc.

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We  have  audited  the  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  of  Citizens,  Inc.  (a  Colorado  corporation)  and subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated  Framework issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission ("COSO"). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022,  based  on  criteria  established  in  the 2013  Internal  Control  -  Integrated Framework issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)  ("PCAOB"),  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Company  as  of  and  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 10, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  included  in  the  accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with  the  PCAOB  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was  maintained  in  all  material  respects.  Our  audit  included  obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  control  over financial  reporting,  assessing  the  risk  that  a  material  weakness  exists,  testing  and  evaluating  the  design  and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance regarding the reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting includes  those  policies  and  procedures  that  (1)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,  projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may

become  inadequate  because  of  changes  in  conditions,  or  that  the  degree  of  compliance  with  the  policies  or procedures may deteriorate.

## /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

Miami, Florida March 10, 2023

## (d) CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## Item 9B.   OTHER INFORMATION

None.

## Item 9C.   DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

## PART III

The information in this Part III indicated below is incorporated by reference from other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or from our definitive proxy statement pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K. We plan to file our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders within 120 days after December 31, 2022.

## Item 10.   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Item  10  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  incorporates  by  reference  the  information  in  the  sections  entitled "Corporate Governance," "Audit Matters," "Directors" and "Executive Officers" in our Proxy Statement.

## Item 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Item  11  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  incorporates  by  reference  the  information  in  the  sections  entitled "Directors  -  Director  Compensation,"  "Executive  Compensation"  and  "Board  Matters  -  Compensation  Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" in our Proxy Statement.

## Item 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Item  12  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  incorporates  by  reference  the  information  in  the  sections  entitled "Security Ownership of Directors and Management" and "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners" in our Proxy Statement.

## SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS

The  following table sets forth information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation  plan,  the  Citizens,  Inc.  Omnibus  Incentive  Plan,  as  of  December  31,  2022.    See  Note  11.  Stock Compensation  in  the  notes  to  our  consolidated  financial  statements  for  additional  information  regarding  our Omnibus Incentive Plan.

| Plan Category  Number of  securities to be  issued upon  exercise of  outstanding  options, warrants  and rights  Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding  options, warrants  and rights  Number of  securities  remaining for  future issuance  under equity  compensation  plans  Equity compensation plans approved by  security holders  265,597  $  4.65  2,359,054  Equity compensation plans not approved by  security holders  -  -  -  Total  265,597  $  4.65  2,359,054   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Item 13 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates by reference the information in the sections entitled "Board Matters - Director Independence" and "Board Matters - Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions" in our Proxy Statement.

## Item 14.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Item 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates by reference the information in the section entitled "Audit Matters" in our Proxy Statement.

## PART IV

## Item 15.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

## (a) Documents filed as part of this Report

## (1) and (2) Financial Statements and Schedules

The financial statements and schedules listed on the following index to financial statements and financial statement schedules are filed under Item 8 as part of this Form 10-K.

| Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules  Page  Reference  Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Auditor Name: Grant Thornton LLP  Auditor Firm ID: 248  Auditor Location: Miami, FL  62  Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021  64  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) - years ended  December 31, 2022 and 2021  66  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021  67  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021  68  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  70  Schedule II - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant  106  Schedule III - Consolidated Supplementary Insurance Information  109  Schedule IV - Consolidated Statement of Reinsurance  110   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All other schedules have been omitted because the required information is inapplicable or the information required is presented in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto filed elsewhere herein.

## (3)   Exhibits

See the Index of Exhibits.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

## Board of Directors and Shareholders

Citizens, Inc.

## Opinion on the financial statements

We have audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Citizens,  Inc.  (a  Colorado  corporation)  and subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and  comprehensive  income  (loss),  stockholders'  equity,  and  cash  flows  for  each  of  the  two  years  in  the  period ended December 31, 2022, and the related  notes  and  financial  statement  schedules  included  under  Item  15(a) (collectively referred to as the 'financial statements'). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)  ('PCAOB'),  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022,  based  on criteria  established  in  the  2013  Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission  ('COSO'),  and  our  report  dated  March  10,  2023  expressed  an unqualified opinion.

## Basis for opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud.  Our  audits  included  performing  procedures  to  assess  the  risks  of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures  in  the  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included  evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well  as  evaluating  the  overall  presentation  of  the  financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical audit matters

The  critical  audit  matter  communicated  below  is  a  matter  arising  from  the  current  period  audit  of  the  financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which it they relate.

## Development of Assumptions used in the Future Policy Benefit Reserves Adequacy Testing

As  described  further  in  Notes  1  and  4  to  the  financial  statements,  the  Company  estimates  future  policy  benefit reserves for life insurance contracts which is the liability for the payment of policy benefits it expects to pay in the future.  Management's  estimate  of  future  policy  benefit  reserves  for  life  insurance  was  $1.31  billion  as  of December  31,  2022.  Management  tests  this  liability  for  adequacy.  The  adequacy  testing  uses  key  actuarial assumptions  which  are  updated  annually  and  include  mortality,  persistency,  and  investment  experience.  These assumptions are based upon the Company's experience, modified as necessary to reflect anticipated trends and to

include provisions for possible adverse deviations. We identified the development of assumptions used in the future policy benefit reserves adequacy testing as a critical audit matter.

The principal  consideration  for  our  determination  that  the  development  of  assumptions  used  in  the  future  policy benefit reserves adequacy testing is a critical audit matter is that the development of these assumptions requires management to make significant estimates regarding mortality, persistency, and investment experience based on historical experience and future expectations, which could result in the recording of a premium deficiency. As such, auditing  the  development  of  such  assumptions  involved  subjective  and  complex  auditor  judgment  and  the involvement of an actuarial specialist.

Our  audit  procedures  related  to  the  development  of  assumptions  used  in  the  future  policy  benefit  reserves adequacy testing included the following, among others.

- We  tested  the  design  and  operating  effectiveness  of  management's  review  controls  over  the mortality, persistency, and investment experience assumption development and approval processes.
- We utilized an actuarial specialist in evaluating management's methodologies and reasonableness of  the  assumptions  of  mortality,  persistency,  and  investment  experience,  that  were  used  to reperform management's testing the adequacy of the future policy benefit reserves.

## /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021.

Miami, Florida March 10, 2023

## CITIZENS, INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets

| December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Assets  Investments:  Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost:  $1,381,318 and $1,343,755 in 2022 and 2021, respectively)  $  1,179,619  1,470,617  Equity securities, at fair value  11,590  14,844  Policy loans  78,773  80,307  Other long-term investments (portion measured at fair value $66,846 and  $56,038 in 2022 and 2021, respectively)  69,558  57,399  Short-term investments  1,241  -  Total investments  1,340,781  1,623,167  Cash and cash equivalents  22,973  27,294  Accrued investment income  17,131  16,197  Reinsurance recoverable  4,560  5,539  Deferred policy acquisition costs  140,167  140,380  Cost of insurance acquired  10,260  10,611  Federal income tax receivable  601  762  Deferred tax asset, net  2,414  -  Property and equipment, net  12,926  14,074  Due premiums  11,829  10,748  Other assets (less allowance for losses of $347 and $111 in 2022 and 2021,  respectively)  6,328  5,739  Total assets  $  1,569,970  1,854,511   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## CITIZENS, INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets

| December 31, continued  (In thousands, except share amounts)  2022  2021  Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity  Liabilities:  Policy liabilities:  Future policy benefit reserves:  Life insurance  $  1,305,506  1,278,987  Annuities  91,234  83,918  Accident and health  767  784  Dividend accumulations  41,663  37,760  Premiums paid in advance  36,384  40,690  Policy claims payable  9,884  14,590  Other policyholders' funds  40,497  30,690  Total policy liabilities  1,525,935  1,487,419  Commissions payable  1,967  2,285  Deferred federal income tax liability, net  -  15,456  Other liabilities  41,025  28,780  Total liabilities  1,568,927  1,533,940  Commitments and contingencies (Notes 5 and 7)  Stockholders' Equity:  Common stock:  Class A, no par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 53,758,176  and 53,170,413 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31,  2022 and 2021, respectively, including shares in treasury of 3,935,581  and 3,135,738 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021  268,147  265,561  Class B, no par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized, 1,001,714 shares  issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, including  shares in treasury of 1,001,714 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021  3,184  3,184  Accumulated deficit  (52,203)  (45,565)  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss):  Net unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities, net of tax  (195,279)  117,492  Treasury stock, at cost  (22,806)  (20,101)  Total stockholders' equity  1,043  320,571  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity  $  1,569,970  1,854,511   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## CITIZENS, INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Years Ended December 31,

| (In thousands, except share amounts)  2022  2021  Revenues:  Premiums  Life insurance  $  167,586  169,801  Accident and health insurance  1,278  1,250  Property insurance  4,850  3,677  Net investment income  65,426  61,495  Investment related gains (losses), net  (10,291)  10,991  Other income  3,675  3,332  Total revenues  232,524  250,546  Benefits and Expenses:  Insurance benefits paid or provided:  Claims and surrenders  119,935  119,735  Increase in future policy benefit reserves  29,640  36,444  Policyholders' dividends  6,013  6,180  Total insurance benefits paid or provided  155,588  162,359  Commissions  36,222  35,463  Other general expenses  45,177  43,370  Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs  (24,899)  (22,740)  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs  26,529  24,952  Amortization of cost of insurance acquired  974  1,206  Goodwill impairment  -  12,624  Total benefits and expenses  239,591  257,234  Income (loss) before federal income tax  (7,067)  (6,688)  Federal income tax expense (benefit)  (429)  (43,475)  Net income (loss)  (6,638)  36,787  Basic Earnings Per Share:  Class A common stock  $  (0.13)  0.74  Class B common stock  -  0.37  Diluted Earnings Per Share:  Class A common stock  (0.13)  0.73  Class B common stock  -  0.36  Other Comprehensive Income (Loss):  Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities:  Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period  (330,869)  (5,055)  Reclassification adjustment for losses (gains) included in net income (loss)  104  (243)  Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities, net  (330,765)  (5,298)  Income tax expense (benefit) on unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity  securities  (17,994)  5,465  Other comprehensive income (loss)  (312,771)  (10,763)  Total comprehensive income (loss)  $  (319,409)  26,024   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## CITIZENS, INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

| Common Stock  Accumulated  deficit  Accumulated  other  comprehensive  income (loss)  Treasury  stock  Total  Stock-  holders'  equity  (In thousands)  Class A  Class B  Balance at December 31, 2020  $  262,869  3,184  (82,352)  128,255  (11,011)  300,945  Comprehensive income (loss):  Net income (loss)  -  -  36,787  -  -  36,787  Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed  maturity securities, net of tax  -  -  -  (10,763)  -  (10,763)  Total comprehensive income (loss)  -  -  36,787  (10,763)  -  26,024  Acquisition of treasury stock  -  -  -  -  (9,090)  (9,090)  Stock-based compensation  2,692  -  -  -  -  2,692  Balance at December 31, 2021  265,561  3,184  (45,565)  117,492  (20,101)  320,571  Comprehensive income (loss):  Net income (loss)  -  -  (6,638)  -  -  (6,638)  Unrealized gains (losses) on fixed  maturity securities, net of tax  -  -  -  (312,771)  -  (312,771)  Total comprehensive income (loss)  -  -  (6,638)  (312,771)  -  (319,409)  Repurchase of treasury stock  -  -  -  -  (2,705)  (2,705)  Issuance of common stock  2,244  -  -  -  -  2,244  Stock-based compensation  342  -  -  -  -  342  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  268,147  3,184  (52,203)  (195,279)  (22,806)  1,043   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## CITIZENS, INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Years Ended December 31,

| Cash Flows from Operating Activities:  Net income (loss)  $  (6,638)  36,787  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in)  operating activities:  Investment related (gains) losses, net on sales of investments and other assets  10,291  (10,991)  Net deferred policy acquisition costs  1,630  2,212  Amortization of cost of insurance acquired  974  1,206  Depreciation  536  1,140  Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments  4,240  5,568  Stock-based compensation  461  646  Deferred federal income tax expense (benefit)  124  427  Goodwill impairment  -  12,624  Change in:  Accrued investment income  (934)  (60)  Reinsurance recoverable  979  214  Due premiums  (1,081)  561  Future policy benefit reserves  29,501  35,239  Other policyholders' liabilities  4,698  14,136  Federal income tax payable  161  (44,678)  Commissions payable and other liabilities  12,652  (15,450)  Other, net  (674)  874  Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities  56,920  40,455  Cash Flows from Investing Activities:  Sales of fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale  33,914  8,238  Maturities and calls of fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale  44,493  53,089  Purchases of fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale  (120,094)  (94,265)  Sales of equity securities  500  7,383  Principal payments on mortgage loans  1,098  10  Funding of mortgage loans  -  (1,000)  Change in policy loans, net  1,534  3,011  Sales of other long-term investments and real estate  5,033  24,238  Purchases of other long-term investments  (25,870)  (40,788)  Purchases of property and equipment  (100)  (1,007)  Sales of property and equipment  -  14  Purchases of short-term investments  (1,250)  -  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  (60,742)  (41,077)  (In thousands)  2022  2021   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## CITIZENS, INC. AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Years Ended December 31,

| Cash Flows from Financing Activities:  Annuity deposits  $  8,626  8,839  Annuity withdrawals  (8,546)  (7,763)  Issuance of common stock  2,244  2,255  Acquisition of treasury stock  (2,705)  (9,090)  Other  (118)  (456)  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  (499)  (6,215)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (4,321)  (6,837)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  27,294  34,131  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  $  22,973  27,294  (In thousands)  2022  2021   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Cash paid for income taxes during 2022 and 2021 were $0.3 million and $1.2 million, respectively.

## SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

During 2022 and 2021, various fixed maturity issuers exchanged securities with book values of $6.9 million and $12.1 million, respectively, for securities of equal value.

The Company recognized right-of-use assets of $0.4 million in exchange for new operating lease liabilities during 2022 and none during 2021.

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## (1)  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND CONSOLIDATION

The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Citizens, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP").

The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  accounts  and  operations  of  Citizens,  Inc.  ("Citizens"  or  the "Company"), a Colorado corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, CICA Life Insurance Company of America ("CICA"),  CICA  Life  Ltd.  ("CICA  International"),  CICA  Life,  A.I.  ("CICA  PR"),  Citizens  National  Life  Insurance Company  ("CNLIC"),  Security  Plan  Life  Insurance  Company  ("SPLIC"),  Security  Plan  Fire  Insurance  Company ("SPFIC"), Magnolia Guaranty Life Insurance Company ("Magnolia"), and Computing Technology, Inc. ("CTI").  All significant  inter-company  accounts  and  transactions  have  been  eliminated.  Citizens  and  its  wholly-owned subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the "Company," "we," "us," or "our".

Our Life Insurance segment operates through CICA International, CICA PR, CICA and CNLIC.  Our international life insurance  business,  which  operates  through  CICA  International,  issues  U.S.  dollar-denominated  endowment contracts internationally, which are principally accumulation contracts that incorporate an element of life insurance protection, and ordinary whole life insurance in U.S. dollar-denominated amounts sold to non-U.S. residents.  Effective January 1, 2023, all new policies are issued through CICA PR.  These contracts are designed to provide a fixed amount of insurance coverage over the life of the insured and may utilize rider benefits to provide additional  increasing  or  decreasing  coverage  and  annuity  benefits  to  enhance  accumulations.    Our  domestic  life insurance business operates through CICA and CNLIC.  CICA issues credit life and disability policies and CNLIC issues ordinary whole life and critical illness policies mainly in Texas and Florida. Both companies service whole life and accident and health policies primarily in the Southern U.S., Midwest and Mountain West.

Our Home Service Insurance segment operates through our subsidiaries SPLIC, Magnolia and SPFIC, and focuses on  the  life  insurance  needs  of  the  middle-  and  lower-income  markets,  primarily  in  Louisiana,  Mississippi  and Arkansas.  Our products in this segment consist primarily of small face amount ordinary whole life, industrial life and pre-need policies,  which  are  designed  to  fund  final  expenses  for  the  insured,  primarily  consisting  of  funeral  and burial costs as well as critical illness and property insurance policies, which cover dwelling and contents.

CTI provides data processing systems and services to the Company.

## SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## INVESTMENTS

Investment securities are classified as held-to-maturity ("HTM"), available-for-sale ("AFS") or trading.  Management determines the appropriate classification at the time of purchase.  The classification of securities is significant since it  directly  impacts  the  accounting  for  unrealized  gains  and  losses  on  securities.    Fixed  maturity  securities  are classified as HTM and carried at amortized cost when management has the positive intent and the Company has the ability to hold the securities to maturity.  Securities not classified as HTM are classified as AFS and are carried at fair value, with the unrealized holding gains and losses, net of tax, reported in other comprehensive income and are not  reported  in  earnings  until  realized.    Our  fixed  maturity  securities  consist  primarily  of  bonds  classified  as AFS.  The Company does not classify any fixed maturity securities as trading or as HTM.  Equity securities are measured at fair value with the change in fair value recorded through net income (loss).

Unrealized  gains  (losses)  of  fixed  maturity  securities  held  as  AFS  are  shown  as  a  separate  component  of stockholders' equity, net of tax, and is a separate component of comprehensive income (loss).

The  Company  assesses AFS  fixed  maturity  securities  in  an  unrealized  loss  position  for  expected  credit  losses. First, we assess whether we intend to sell, or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, the security before recovery of its amortized cost.  If either of the criteria is met, the security's amortized cost is written down to its fair value.  For AFS fixed maturity securities that do not meet either criteria, we evaluate whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors.  In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency,

(Continued)

and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors.  If management deems a credit loss has  occurred,  the  impairment  is  recorded  through  an  allowance  for  credit  losses  rather  than  as  a  write-down. Changes  in  the  allowance  for  credit  losses  are  recorded  through  investment  related  gains  and  losses.    Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on our consolidated balance sheets.

The Company made a policy election to exclude accrued interest from the amortized cost of AFS fixed maturity securities and report accrued interest separately in accrued investment income in the consolidated balance sheets. AFS fixed maturity securities are placed on non-accrual status when we no longer expect to receive all contractual amounts due.  Accrued interest receivable is reversed against interest income when a security is placed on nonaccrual status.  Accordingly, we do not recognize an allowance for credit loss against accrued interest receivable.

Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related security as an adjustment to yield using the effective interest method.  Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned.  Realized gains and losses are included in earnings and are derived using the specific identification method for determining the cost of securities sold.

The Company from time to time may dispose of an impaired security in response to asset/liability management decisions, future market movements, business plan changes, or if the net proceeds can be reinvested at a rate of return that is expected to recover the loss within a reasonable period of time.

Policy loans are reported at unpaid principal balances.

Other  long-term  investments  consist  primarily  of  investments  in  limited  partnerships,  Federal  Home  Loan  Bank ("FHLB")  common  stock  and  mortgage  loans.  We  initially  estimate  the  fair  value  of  investments  in  limited partnerships by reference to the transaction price.  Subsequently, we obtain the fair value of these investments from net asset value information provided by the general partner or manager of the investments, the financial statements of which are audited annually. Recognition of investment income on these funds is delayed due to the availability of the related financial statements, which are generally obtained from the partnerships' general partners.  As a result, our limited partnerships are generally reported on a three-month delay.

We are a member of the FHLB of Dallas and such membership requires members to own stock in the FHLB.  Our FHLB stock is carried at amortized cost, which approximates fair value.

Mortgage loans on real estate are reported at unpaid principal balances.

The Company had cash equivalents and fixed maturity securities with an aggregate fair value of $9.8 million and $10.1 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on deposit with various state regulatory authorities to fulfill statutory requirements.

## SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS

The Company considers investments maturing within one year at acquisition as short-term.  These securities are carried at fair value.

## CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Cash consists of balances on hand and on deposit in banks and financial institutions.  Cash equivalents consists of securities whose duration does not exceed 90 days at the date of acquisition.

## REINSURANCE RECOVERABLE

Reinsurance  recoverable  includes  expected  reimbursements  for  policyholder  claim  amounts  in  excess  of  the Company's retention, as well as profit sharing and experience refund accruals.  Reinsurance recoverable is reduced for estimated uncollectible amounts, if any.

Reinsurance  premiums,  benefits  and  expenses  are  accounted  for  on  a  basis  consistent  with  those  used  in accounting  for  the  original  policies  issued  and  the  terms  of  the  reinsurance  contracts.    The  cost  of  reinsurance

(Continued)

related  to  long  duration  contracts  is  accounted  for  over  the  life  of  the  underlying  reinsured  policies  using assumptions consistent with those used to account for the underlying policies.  The cost of reinsurance related to short duration contracts is accounted for over the coverage period.  Profit-sharing and similar adjustable provisions are accrued based on the experience of the underlying policies.

## DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS

Policy acquisition costs consist of commissions and policy issuance, underwriting and agent convention expenses that  are  directly  related  to  and  vary  with  the  successful  production  of  new  business  and  are  deferred.    These deferred  amounts,  referred  to  as  deferred  policy  acquisition  costs  ("DAC"),  are  recorded  as  an  asset  on  the consolidated balance sheets and amortized to income in a systematic manner, based on related contract revenues or gross profits as appropriate.

Traditional  life  insurance  and  accident  and  health  insurance  acquisition  costs  are  amortized  over  the  premiumpaying period of the related policies using assumptions consistent with those used in computing future policy benefit liabilities.    For  universal  life  type  contracts  and investment contracts that include significant surrender charges or that yield significant revenues from sources other than the investment contract holders' funds, the deferred contract acquisition cost amortization is matched to the recognition of gross profit.  The effect on the DAC asset that would result from realization of unrealized gains or losses is recognized  with an  offset  to  accumulated  other comprehensive  income  (loss)  in  consolidated  stockholders'  equity.    If  an  internal  replacement  of  insurance  or investment contract modification substantially changes a contract as defined in current accounting guidance, the DAC  is  written  off  immediately  through  income  (loss)  and  any  new  deferrable  costs  associated  with  the  new replacement  are  deferred.    If  a  contract  modification  does  not  substantially  change  the  contract,  the  DAC amortization on the original contract will continue and any acquisition costs associated with the related modification are immediately expensed.

The ending DAC asset balance is calculated at a seriatim level for policies in force at the end of each reporting period based on the remaining unamortized asset.  The assumptions used to calculate DAC are set when a policy is issued and do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. The seriatim method ensures that policies lapsed or surrendered during the reporting period are no longer included in the DAC calculation.  This  method  limits  the  amount  of  deferred  costs  to  its  estimated  realizable  value,  provided  actual experience is comparable to that contemplated in the locked-in assumptions.

Inherent in the capitalization and amortization of DAC are certain management judgments about what acquisition costs are deferred, the ending asset balance and the annual amortization.  Approximately 95% of our capitalized DAC is attributed to first year and renewal excess commissions.  The remaining 5% is attributed to costs that vary with and are directly related to the successful acquisition of new insurance business.  Those costs generally include costs related to the production, underwriting and issuance of new business.

DAC is subject to recoverability  testing  at  the  time  of  policy  issuance  and  loss  recognition  testing  on  an  annual basis,  or  when  an  event  occurs  that  might  require  loss  recognition  testing.  If  loss  recognition  or  impairment  is necessary,  DAC  would  be  written  off  to  the  extent  that  anticipated  future  premiums  and  investment  income  is insufficient to cover expected future policy benefits and expenses.  Loss recognition testing that considers, among other things, actual experience and projected future experience calculates the available premium (gross premium less the benefit and expense portion of premium) for the next 50 years.  DAC is evaluated for recoverability using best  estimate  assumptions.    Based  on  the  results  of  DAC  recoverability  testing  and  loss  recognition  testing, management believes  that  our  DAC  as  of  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021  limits  the  amount  of deferred costs to its estimated recoverable value.

DAC related to investment-oriented products is also adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized gains or losses on AFS fixed maturity securities with related changes recognized through other comprehensive income (shadow DAC). The adjustment is made at each balance sheet date, as if the securities had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields. Similarly, for long-duration traditional insurance contracts, if the assets  supporting  the  liabilities  are  in  a  net  unrealized  gain  position  at  the  balance  sheet  date,  loss  recognition testing  assumptions  are  updated  to  exclude  such  gains  from  future  cash  flows  by  reflecting  the  impact  of reinvestment rates on future yields. If a future loss is anticipated under this basis, any additional shortfall indicated by loss recognition tests is recognized as a reduction in accumulated other comprehensive income (shadow loss recognition). Similar to other loss recognition on long-duration insurance contracts, such shortfall is first reflected as

(Continued)

a  reduction  in  DAC  and  secondly  as  an  increase  in  liabilities  for  future  policy  benefits.  The  change  in  these adjustments,  net  of  tax,  is  included  with  the  change  in  net  gains  (losses)  on  available-for-sale  fixed  maturity securities that is credited or charged directly to other comprehensive income (loss).

The components of DAC from year to year are summarized as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Balance at beginning of period  $  140,380  104,913  Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs  24,899  22,740  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs  (26,529)  (24,952)  Effects of unrealized (gains) losses  1,417  37,679  Balance at end of period  $  140,167  140,380   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We converted to a new actuarial valuation software solution that provided enhanced modeling capabilities for the ordinary whole life policies of CNLIC as of April 1, 2021. The impact of this system conversion, which impacted the Life Insurance segment, was an increase to pretax income of $0.7 million consisting of a reduced increase in future policy benefit reserves of $0.8 million and increased amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs of $0.1 million, reflecting changes in actuarial valuation estimates associated with the conversion.

## COST OF INSURANCE ACQUIRED

Cost of insurance acquired ("COIA") is established when we purchase a block of insurance.  COIA is amortized over the  emerging  profit  of  the  related  policies  using  the  same  assumptions  as  were  used  in  computing  liabilities  for future  policy  benefits.    Inherent  in  the  amortization  of  COIA  are  certain  management  judgments  used  in  the estimation of the ending asset balance and the annual amortization.  The key assumptions used in management's estimates are based upon interest, mortality and lapses at the time of purchase.

A  recoverability  test  that  considers,  among  other  things,  actual  experience  and  projected  future  experience is performed at least annually.  These annual recoverability tests are based initially on an estimate of the available premium (gross premium less the benefit and expense portion of premium) for the next 50 years.  Management believes that our COIA is recoverable for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.  This belief is based upon the analysis performed on estimated future results of the block and our annual recoverability testing.

COIA relative to purchased blocks of insurance is summarized as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Balance at beginning of period  $  10,611  11,541  Amortization  (974)  (1,206)  Change in effects of unrealized (gains) losses on COIA  623  276  Balance at end of period  $  10,260  10,611   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Continued)

Estimated amortization of COIA in each of the next five years and thereafter is as follows.  Actual future amortization will differ from these estimates due to variances from estimated future withdrawal assumptions.

| (In thousands)  Amount  Cost of insurance acquired:  Year:  2023  $  1,107  2024  965  2025  849  2026  750  2027  665  Thereafter  5,509  9,845  Effects of unrealized (gains) losses on COIA  415  Total cost of insurance acquired  $  10,260   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The value of COIA resulting from our various acquisitions was determined based on the present value of future profits discounted at annual rates ranging from 3.7% to 8.5%.

## GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Goodwill is the difference between the purchase price in a business combination and the fair value of assets and liabilities  acquired  and  is  not  amortized.    Other  intangible  assets  include  various  state  insurance  licenses,  which have been determined to have indefinite useful lives  and,  therefore,  are  not  amortized.  Both  goodwill  and  other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are subject to annual impairment analysis.

Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist. The goodwill testing requires us to compare the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value.  If the carrying value of the reporting unit is lower than its estimated fair value, no further evaluation is required.  If the carrying  value  of  the  reporting  unit  exceeds  its  estimated  fair  value,  an  impairment  charge  is  recorded  for  that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. We have the option of performing an assessment of certain qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is  less  than  its  carrying  value  or  proceeding  directly  to  a  quantitative  impairment  test.  We  elected  to  apply  the quantitative assessment for the goodwill in our reporting units within the Life Insurance segment as of December 31, 2021.

We recorded an impairment of $12.6 million in 2021 in our Life  Insurance  segment  caused  by  increases  in  our carrying value of the segment due to recognition of an $43.8 million uncertain tax position in the fourth quarter of 2021,  following  the  expiration  of  the  statute  of  limitations  on  the  tax  year  ended  December  31,  2017.  This impairment is recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Operations.

The following is a summary of changes in goodwill in our Life Insurance segment:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Balance at beginning of period  $  -  12,624  Impairment  -  12,624  Balance at end of period  $  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation of property and equipment is  computed using the straight-line method over the useful lives of the assets, ranging from three years to thirty years.

The following is a summary of property and equipment.

| December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Property and equipment:  Home office, land and buildings  $  3,980  3,980  Furniture and equipment  1,267  1,236  Electronic data processing equipment and computer software  7,485  7,418  Real estate and equipment leases (See Note 7)  10,116  10,827  Total property and equipment  22,848  23,461  Accumulated depreciation  (9,922)  (9,387)  Total property and equipment  $  12,926  14,074   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has several lease agreements for real estate and equipment, such as its corporate home office and several district  office  locations  related  to  our  Home  Service  Insurance  segment. The Company recognizes these lease agreements on the consolidated balance sheets as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability. The Company uses its estimated incremental borrowing rate, which is derived from information available at lease commencement date, in determining the present value of lease payments.

## FUTURE POLICY BENEFITS AND EXPENSES

Future  policy  benefit  reserves  for  traditional  life  insurance  are  established  based  on  methods  and  underlying assumptions  in  accordance  with  U.S.  GAAP  and  applicable  actuarial  standards.   Assumptions  as  to  investment yields, expenses, mortality and lapses are based upon our experience, modified as necessary to reflect anticipated trends and to include provisions for possible adverse deviations.

The accrued account balance for non-traditional life insurance and investment contracts is computed as deposits net  of  withdrawals  made  by  the  contract  holder,  plus  amounts  credited  based  on  contract  specifications,  less contract fees and charges assessed, plus any additional interest.  Annuity interest crediting rates range from 2.0% to 5.5% annually.  Benefits and expenses are charged against the account balance to recognize costs as incurred over  the  estimated  lives  of  the  contracts.    Expenses  include  interest  credited  to  contract  account  balances  and benefits paid in excess of contract account balances.

Unpaid claims on accident and health and specialty property insurance policies represent the estimated liability for benefit expenses, both reported but not paid and incurred but not reported to the Company.  The liability for incurred but not reported claims includes estimates for additional claim amounts due related to reported claims.  Liabilities for unpaid claims are estimated using individual case basis valuations and statistical analysis.  Those estimates are subject to the effects of trends in claim severity and frequency.

Anticipated investment income is not considered in determining whether a premium deficiency exists with respect to short-duration contracts.  Premium deposits accrue interest at rates ranging from 2.5% to 6.0% per annum.  The cost of insurance is included in the premium when collected and interest is credited annually to deposit accounts.

The development of liabilities for future policy benefits requires management to make estimates and assumptions regarding  mortality,  persistency,  expense,  and  investment  experience  based  on  historical  experience  and  future expectations of those assumptions.  Actual results could differ materially from estimates.  An additional provision is made on most products to allow for possible adverse deviation from the assumptions assumed. We monitor actual experience and revise assumptions as necessary.

## PARTICIPATING POLICIES

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, participating business approximated 55% and 59% of direct life insurance in force, respectively.

Future policy benefits on participating policies are estimated based on net level premium reserves for death and endowment policy benefits with interest rates ranging from 2.5% to 9.0%, and the cash surrender values described in such contracts.  The scaling rate used for the 2022 portfolio ranged between 2.54% for 1 year and then going up to 2.99% over 20 years and remaining there for the duration.  Earnings and dividends on participating policies are allocated based on policies in force.

Policyholder  dividends  are  determined  based  on  the  discretion  of  the  board  of  directors  of  the  policy  issuing subsidiary.  Policyholder dividends are accrued over the premium paying periods of the insurance contract.

## CONTINGENCIES

An estimated loss from a contingency is accrued and charged to results of operations only if both of the following conditions are met:

1. Information available prior to the issuance of the consolidated financial statements indicates that it is probable (virtual certainty is not required) that an asset has been impaired or a liability incurred as of the date of the consolidated financial statements; and
2. The amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.

Reasonable estimation of a possible loss does not require estimating a single amount of the loss.  It requires that a loss be accrued if it can be estimated within a range.  If an amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, that amount is accrued.  If no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, the minimum amount in the range is accrued.

A gain contingency is an uncertain situation that will be resolved in the future, possibly resulting in a gain. We do not allow  the  recognition  of  a  gain  contingency  prior  to  settlement  of  the  underlying  event.  There  were  none  as  of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## PREMIUM REVENUE AND RELATED EXPENSES

Premiums on life policies are recognized as earned when due.  Premiums paid in advance on the consolidated balance sheets are held on deposit and accrue interest at rates ranging from 2.5% to 6.0% until such time as the premiums become due. Premiums on accident and health policies are recognized as revenue over the contract period on a pro rata basis.  Benefits and expenses are associated with earned premiums resulting in the recognition of profits over the estimated lives of the contracts.  This matching is accomplished by means of a provision for future policy benefits and the capitalization and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs.

Annuity policies, primarily flexible premium fixed annuity products, are accounted for in a manner consistent with accounting  for  interest  bearing  financial  instruments.    Premium  receipts  are  not  reported  as  revenue,  rather  as deposit liabilities to annuity contracts.  The annuity products issued do not include fees or other such charges.

## INCOME TAXES

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  recognized  for  the  estimated  future  tax  consequences  attributable  to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered.

A deferred tax asset is recorded only if a determination is made that it is more-likely-than-not that the tax treatment on which the deferred tax asset depends will be sustained in the event of an audit.  These determinations inherently

involve management's judgment.  In addition, the Company must record a tax valuation allowance with respect to deferred tax assets if it is more-likely-than-not that the tax benefit will not be realized.

The Company releases stranded tax effects in accumulated other comprehensive income on an aggregate portfolio basis.

## EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic  earnings  per  share  are  computed  by  dividing  income  available  to  common  stockholders  by  the  weighted average  number  of  shares  of  common  stock  outstanding  during  each  period.    Diluted  earnings  per  share  are computed  under  the  if-converted  method  for  convertible  securities  and  the  treasury  stock  method  for  warrants, giving effect to all potential dilutive common stock, including options, warrants and convertible/redeemable preferred stock.  The basic and diluted earnings per share of Class B common stock are one half the earnings per share of the Class A common stock.

## USE OF ESTIMATES

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.

Significant estimates include those used in the evaluation of credit losses on fixed maturity securities, actuarially determined  assets  and  liabilities  and  assumptions,  valuation  allowance  on  deferred  tax  assets,  valuation  of uncertain tax positions and contingencies relating to litigation and regulatory matters.  Certain of these estimates are  particularly  sensitive  to  market  conditions,  and  deterioration  and/or  volatility  in  the  worldwide  debt  or  equity markets could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## RECLASSIFICATIONS

Certain  amounts  presented  in  prior  years  have  been  reclassified  to  conform  to  the  current  presentation.    No individual amounts were material.

## ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

## ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOT YET ADOPTED

In  August  2018,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2018-12, Financial  Services-Insurance  (Topic  944):  Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts. This ASU amends four key areas of the accounting and impacts disclosures for long-duration insurance and investment contracts:

- Requires  updated  assumptions  for  liability  measurement. Assumptions  used  to  measure  the liability for traditional insurance contracts, which are typically determined at contract inception, will now be reviewed at least annually, and, if there is a change, updated, with the effect recorded in net income;
- Standardizes  the  liability  discount  rate. The  liability  discount  rate  will  be  a  market-observable discount rate (upper-medium grade fixed-income instrument yield), with the effect of rate changes recorded in other comprehensive income (loss);
- Provides greater consistency in measurement  of  market  risk  benefits. The  two  previous measurement  models  have  been  reduced  to  one  measurement  model  (fair  value),  resulting  in greater  uniformity  across  similar  market-based  benefits  and  better  alignment  with  the  fair  value measurement of derivatives used to hedge capital market risk;
- Simplifies  amortization  of  DAC. Previous  earnings-based  amortization  methods  have  been replaced with a more level amortization basis; and
- Requires enhanced disclosures. The new disclosures include rollforwards and information about significant assumptions and the effects of changes in those assumptions.

For calendar-year public companies, the changes will be effective on January 1, 2023, however, early adoption is permitted.  We will adopt this ASU effective January 1, 2023, with a transition date of January 1, 2021, using a modified retrospective approach.  As of the January 1, 2021 transition date, the adoption of the new guidance will increase  previously  reported  accumulated  deficit  by  $0.1  million,  net  of  tax,  primarily  from  capping  net  premium ratios for certain policyholder benefit cohorts at 100% as of the transition date, and decrease accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ('AOCI') by $316.8 million, net of tax, primarily from remeasuring in-force contract liabilities using upper-medium grade fixed income instrument yields as of the transition date. As of December 31, 2022, these estimates have declined, ranging from an increase in AOCI of approximately $25 million to $75 million primarily due to the increase in interest rates since the transition date.  We estimate that our previously reported accumulated  deficit  will  decrease  by  a  range  of  $50  million  to  $100  million  primarily  due  to  a  reduction  in policyholder benefits resulting from updating the underlying reserve assumptions annually compared to the use of historical  assumptions  that  were  locked  at  issue  and  reduced  DAC  amortization  due  to  changes  in  amortization methods and the elimination of accruing and amortizing interest on existing DAC balances.  All amounts assume a tax  rate  of  21%.  In  addition  to  the  impacts  to  the  consolidated  balance  sheets,  we  also  expect  an  impact  to  the pattern of earnings emergence following the transition date.

On  June  30,  2022,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2022-03, Fair  Value  Measurement  (Topic  820:  Fair  Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. This standard clarifies that contractual restrictions on equity security sales are not considered part of the security unit of account and, therefore, are not considered in measuring fair value.  In addition, the amendments clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. Disclosures on such restrictions are also required. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and are required to be applied prospectively, with any adjustments from the adoption recognized in  earnings  and  disclosed.    Early  adoption  is  available.  Adoption  of  this  standard  will  have  no  impact  on  our consolidated financial statements.

No other new accounting pronouncement issued or effective during 2022 had, or is expected to have, a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

## (2)  INVESTMENTS

The Company invests primarily in fixed maturity securities, which totaled 86.5% of total cash and invested assets at December 31, 2022.

| Carrying Value as of December 31,  (In thousands, except for %)  2022  %  2021  %  Cash and invested assets  Fixed maturity securities  $  1,179,619  86.5 %  $  1,470,617  89.0 %  Equity securities  11,590  0.8  14,844  0.9  Policy loans  78,773  5.8  80,307  4.9  Other long-term investments  69,558  5.1  57,399  3.5  Short-term investments  1,241  0.1  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  22,973  1.7  27,294  1.7  Total cash and invested assets  $  1,363,754  100.0 %  $  1,650,461  100.0 %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Continued)

The following table represents the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses and fair value of fixed maturity securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| December 31, 2022  (In thousands)  Amortized  Cost  Gross  Unrealized  Gains  Gross  Unrealized  Losses  Fair  Value  Fixed maturity securities:  Available-for-sale:  U.S. Treasury securities  $  9,425  152  9  9,568  U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises  3,434  277  1  3,710  States and political subdivisions  344,208  1,114  37,964  307,358  Corporate  Financial  243,758  512  42,383  201,887  Consumer  247,824  758  47,138  201,444  Utilities  115,738  39  23,790  91,987  Energy  76,065  -  11,395  64,670  All Other  184,022  683  29,048  155,657  Commercial mortgage-backed  171  -  2  169  Residential mortgage-backed  110,582  9  10,765  99,826  Asset-backed  45,991  18  2,767  43,242  Foreign governments  100  1  -  101  Total fixed maturity securities  $ 1,381,318  3,563  205,262  1,179,619   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  (In thousands)  Amortized  Cost  Gross  Unrealized  Gains  Gross  Unrealized  Losses  Fair  Value  Fixed maturity securities:  Available-for-sale:  U.S. Treasury securities  $  9,515  1,097  1  10,611  U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises  3,463  996  -  4,459  States and political subdivisions  356,594  28,056  692  383,958  Corporate  Financial  213,652  22,477  172  235,957  Consumer  219,223  23,658  900  241,981  Utilities  105,738  7,358  801  112,295  Energy  76,989  7,334  68  84,255  All Other  196,403  22,497  380  218,520  Residential mortgage-backed  117,755  16,046  6  133,795  Asset-backed  44,322  368  14  44,676  Foreign governments  101  9  -  110  Total fixed maturity securities  $ 1,343,755  129,896  3,034  1,470,617   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Most of the Company's equity securities are diversified stock and bond mutual funds.

## Fair Value as of December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  Equity securities:  Stock mutual funds  $  2,615  3,571  Bond mutual funds  4,337  5,060  Common stock  857  990  Non-redeemable preferred stock  8  161  Non-redeemable preferred stock fund  3,773  5,062  Total equity securities  $  11,590  14,844   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VALUATION OF INVESTMENTS

AFS fixed maturity securities are reported in the consolidated financial statements at fair value.  Equity securities are  measured  at  fair  value  with  the  change  in  fair  value  recorded  through  net  income  (loss).    The  Company recognized net realized losses of $2.7 million and net realized gains of $0.4 million on equity securities held for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

The Company monitors all AFS fixed maturity securities on an on-going basis relative to changes in credit ratings, market prices, earnings trends and financial performance, in addition to specific region or industry reviews.  The Company evaluates  whether  a  credit  impairment  exists  for  fixed  maturity  securities  by  considering  primarily  the following factors: (a) changes in the financial condition of the security's underlying collateral; (b) whether the issuer is  current on contractually obligated interest and principal payments; (c) changes in the financial condition, credit rating and near-term prospects of the issuer; and (d) the payment structure of the security.  The Company's best estimate of expected future cash flows used to determine the credit loss amount is a quantitative and qualitative process.  Quantitative review includes information received from third-party sources such as financial statements, pricing and rating changes, liquidity and other statistical information.  Qualitative factors include judgments related to business strategies, economic impacts on the issuer, overall judgment related to estimates and industry factors as  well  as  the  Company's  intent  to  sell  the  security,  or  if  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  Company  would  be required to sell a security before recovery of its amortized cost.

The  Company's  best  estimate  of  future  cash  flows  involves  assumptions  including,  but  not  limited  to,  various performance  indicators,  such  as  historical  and  projected  default  and  recovery  rates,  credit  ratings,  and  current delinquency  rates.    These  assumptions  require  the  use  of  significant  management  judgment  and  include  the probability of issuer default and estimates regarding timing and amount of expected recoveries, which may include estimating the underlying collateral value.  In addition, projections of expected future fixed maturity security cash flows  may  change  based  upon  new  information  regarding  the  performance  of  the  issuer. Any  credit  losses  are presented  as  an  allowance  rather  than  as  a  write-down  on AFS  fixed  maturity  securities  management  does  not intend to sell or believes that it is more likely than not we will be required to sell.

The Company recorded no credit valuation losses on fixed maturity securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

(Continued)

For fixed maturity security investments that have unrealized losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the gross unrealized losses that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months, gross unrealized losses that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or longer and fair value are as follows.

| December 31, 2022  Less than 12 months  Greater than 12 months  Total  (In thousands, except  for # of securities)  Fair  Value  Unrealized  Losses  # of  Securities  Fair  Value  Unrealized  Losses  # of  Securities  Fair  Value  Unrealized  Losses  # of  Securities  Fixed maturity securities:  Available-for-sale:  U.S. Treasury  securities  $  -  -  -  64  9  2  64  9  2  U.S. Government-  sponsored  enterprises  223  1  1  -  -  -  223  1  1  States and political  subdivisions  189,084  30,866  242  14,184  7,098  14  203,268  37,964  256  Corporate  Financial  182,447  39,122  237  6,144  3,261  16  188,591  42,383  253  Consumer  164,224  34,823  220  23,417  12,315  30  187,641  47,138  250  Utilities  73,483  15,959  152  16,413  7,831  18  89,896  23,790  170  Energy  59,053  9,601  75  5,617  1,794  8  64,670  11,395  83  All Other  140,955  25,337  171  7,910  3,711  15  148,865  29,048  186  Commercial  mortgage-backed  168  2  2  -  -  -  168  2  2  Residential  mortgage-backed  98,758  10,514  95  759  251  5  99,517  10,765  100  Asset-backed  37,067  2,485  41  4,264  282  9  41,331  2,767  50  Total fixed maturity  securities  $  945,462  168,710  1,236  78,772  36,552  117   1,024,234  205,262  1,353   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Less than 12 months  Greater than 12 months  Total  (In thousands, except for  # of securities)  Fair  Value  Unrealized  Losses  # of  Securities  Fair  Value  Unrealized  Losses  # of  Securities  Fair  Value  Unrealized  Losses  # of  Securities  Fixed maturity securities:  Available-for-sale:  U.S. Treasury  securities  $  72  1  2  -  -  -  72  1  2  States and political  subdivisions  21,715  692  15  -  -  -  21,715  692  15  Corporate  Financial  8,059  86  15  1,227  86  1  9,286  172  16  Consumer  29,494  777  28  2,419  123  1  31,913  900  29  Utilities  19,072  401  14  4,523  400  4  23,595  801  18  Energy  7,381  68  8  -  -  -  7,381  68  8  All Other  14,312  380  16  -  -  -  14,312  380  16  Residential mortgage-  backed  1,084  6  6  -  -  -  1,084  6  6  Asset-backed  9,078  12  11  663  2  1  9,741  14  12  Total fixed maturity  securities  $  110,267  2,423  115  8,832  611  7  119,099  3,034  122   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In each category of our fixed maturity securities described below, we do not intend to sell our investments and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases.  At December 31, 2022 and 2021, 98.7% and 98.0%, respectively, of the fair value of our fixed maturity

(Continued)

securities portfolio was rated investment grade.  While the losses are currently unrealized, we continue to monitor all fixed maturity securities on an on-going basis as future information may become available which could result in an allowance being recorded.

The  unrealized  losses  on  fixed  maturity  securities  detailed  in  the  previous  tables  are  due  to  noncredit-related factors, including widening credit spreads and rising interest rates since purchase, which have little bearing on the recoverability  of  our  investments,  hence  they  are  not  recognized  as  credit  losses.   The  fair  value  is  expected  to recover as the securities approach maturity or if market yields for such investments decline.

The amortized cost and fair value of fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2022 by contractual maturity are shown in the table below.  Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right  to  call  or  prepay  obligations  with  or  without  call  or  prepayment  penalties.    Securities  not  due  at  a  single maturity date have been reflected based upon final stated maturity.

| (In thousands)  Amortized Cost  Fair Value  Fixed maturity securities:  Due in one year or less  $  22,196  22,201  Due after one year through five years  115,395  113,416  Due after five years through ten years  247,611  235,011  Due after ten years  996,116  808,991  Total fixed maturity securities  $  1,381,318  1,179,619   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no investments that were non-income producing for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021.

Major categories of net investment income are summarized as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Gross investment income:  Fixed maturity securities  $  58,400  55,579  Equity securities  650  1,024  Policy loans  6,189  6,420  Other long-term investments  2,535  809  Other  246  54  Total investment income  68,020  63,886  Investment expenses  (2,594)  (2,391)  Net investment income  $  65,426  61,495   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Continued)

The Company uses the specific identification method of the individual security to determine the cost basis used in the calculation of realized gains and losses related to security sales.

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale:  Proceeds  $  33,914  8,238  Gross realized gains  120  189  Gross realized losses  112  1  Equity securities:  Proceeds  $  500  7,383  Gross realized gains  44  -  Gross realized losses  -  149   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We sold 20 and 28 fixed maturity securities  from  our  available-for-sale  portfolio  in  2022  and  2021,  respectively. There was two sales of equity securities in 2022 and one sale in 2021.

Investment related gains (losses) are as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Investment related gains (losses):  Sales, calls and maturities:  Fixed maturity securities  $  (104)  243  Equity securities  62  (152)  Real estate  -  981  Property and equipment  -  13  Other long-term investments  2,320  1,892  Realized investment  gains (losses)  2,278  2,977  Change in fair value of equity securities  (2,665)  376  Change in fair value of limited partnerships  (9,667)  7,452  Change in credit loss allowance  (237)  186  Net investment related gains (losses)  $  (10,291)  10,991   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company sold its former training facility near Austin, Texas during 2021 for a gross sale price of $3.8 million, resulting  in  a  gain  on  the  sale  of  $1.0  million.    The  facility  was  owned  by  Citizens  and  was  held  in  Other  NonInsurance Enterprises.

## (3)  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  We hold AFS fixed maturity securities, which are carried at fair  value  with  changes  in  fair  value  reported  through  comprehensive  income  (loss).    We  also  report  our  equity securities  and  certain  other  long-term  investments  at  fair  value  with  changes  in  fair  value  reported  through  the consolidated statements of operations.

Fair value measurements are generally based upon observable and unobservable inputs.  Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our view of market assumptions

(Continued)

in  the  absence  of  observable  market  information.    We  utilize  valuation  techniques  that  maximize  the  use  of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.  All assets and liabilities carried at fair value are required to be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:

- Level 1 - Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.
- Level  2  -  Quoted  prices  for  similar  instruments  in  active  markets;  quoted  prices  for  identical  or similar  instruments  in  markets  that  are  not  active  and  model-derived  valuations  whose  inputs  or whose significant value drivers are observable.
- Level 3 - Instruments whose significant value drivers are unobservable.

Level  1  primarily  consists  of  financial  instruments  whose  value  is  based  on  quoted  market  prices  such  as  U.S. Treasury securities and actively traded mutual fund and stock investments.

Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued by independent  pricing services or broker quotes.  These pricing models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various inputs, such as interest rates, credit spreads and foreign exchange rates for the underlying financial instruments.  All significant inputs are observable  or  derived  from  observable  information  in  the  marketplace  or  are  supported  by  observable  levels  at which  transactions  are  executed  in  the  marketplace.    Financial  instruments  in  this  category  primarily  include corporate  securities,  U.S.  Government-sponsored  enterprise  securities,  securities  issued  by  states  and  political subdivisions and certain mortgage and asset-backed securities.

Level  3  is  comprised  of  financial  instruments  whose  fair  value  is  estimated  based  on  non-binding  broker  prices utilizing  significant  inputs  not  based  on  or  corroborated  by  readily  available  market  information.  We  have  no investments in this category.

The following tables set forth our assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.

| December 31, 2022  (In thousands)  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Fair Value  Financial assets:  Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale:  U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government-sponsored  enterprises  $  9,567  3,711  -  13,278  States and political subdivisions  -  307,358  -  307,358  Corporate  44  715,601  -  715,645  Commercial mortgage-backed  -  169  -  169  Residential mortgage-backed  -  99,826  -  99,826  Asset-backed  -  43,242  -  43,242  Foreign governments  -  101  -  101  Total fixed maturity securities available-for-sale  9,611  1,170,008  -  1,179,619  Equity securities:  Stock mutual funds  2,615  -  -  2,615  Bond mutual funds  4,337  -  -  4,337  Common stock  857  -  -  857  Non-redeemable preferred stock  8  -  -  8  Non-redeemable preferred stock fund  3,773  -  -  3,773  Total equity securities  11,590  -  -  11,590  Other long-term investments  (1)  -  -  -  66,846  Total financial assets  $  21,201  1,170,008  -  1,258,055   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) In accordance with Subtopic 820-10, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.  The fair value amounts presented in this table permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet.

(Continued)

## CITIZENS, INC.

(Continued)

| December 31, 2021  (In thousands)  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Fair Value  Financial assets:  Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale:  U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government-sponsored  enterprises  $  10,611  4,459  -  15,070  States and political subdivisions  -  383,958  -  383,958  Corporate  51  892,957  -  893,008  Residential mortgage-backed  -  133,795  -  133,795  Asset-backed  -  44,676  -  44,676  Foreign governments  -  110  -  110  Total fixed maturity securities available-for-sale  10,662  1,459,955  -  1,470,617  Equity securities:  Stock mutual funds  3,571  -  -  3,571  Bond mutual funds  5,060  -  -  5,060  Common stock  990  -  -  990  Non-redeemable preferred stock  161  -  -  161  Non-redeemable preferred stock fund  5,062  -  -  5,062  Total equity securities  14,844  -  -  14,844  Other long-term investments  (1)  -  -  -  56,038  Total financial assets  $  25,506  1,459,955  -  1,541,499   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) In accordance with Subtopic 820-10, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.  The fair value amounts presented in this table permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet.

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS VALUATION

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS CARRIED AT FAIR VALUE

Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale. At December 31, 2022, fixed maturity securities, valued using a thirdparty pricing source, totaled $1.2 billion for Level 2 assets and comprised 93.0% of total reported fair value of our financial  assets.  The  Level  1  and  Level  2  valuations  are  reviewed  and  updated  quarterly  through  testing  by comparisons  to  separate  pricing  models,  other  third-party  pricing  services,  and  back  tested  to  recent  trades.  In addition, we obtain information annually relative to the third-party pricing models and review model parameters for reasonableness.  There  were  no  Level  3  assets  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021.    For  the  year  ended December 31, 2022, there were no material changes to the valuation methods or assumptions used to determine fair values, and no broker or third-party prices were changed from the values received.

Equity securities. Our equity securities are classified as Level 1 assets as their fair values are based upon quoted market prices.

Limited partnerships. The Company considers the net asset value ("NAV") to represent the value of the investment fund and is measured by the total value of assets minus the total value of liabilities.  The following table includes information related to our investments in limited partnerships that calculate NAV per share.  For these investments, which  are  measured  at  fair  value  on  a  recurring  basis,  we  use  the  NAV  per  share  to  measure  fair  value.  The Company recognized net investment related losses of $9.7 million on limited partnerships held for the year ended

(Continued)

December 31, 2022 and gains of $7.5 million for year 2021. These investments are included in other long-term investments on the consolidated balance sheets.

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (In thousands,  except years)  Fair  Value  Using  NAV Per  Share  Unfunded  Commit-  ments  Range  (In years)  Fair  Value  Using  NAV Per  Share  Unfunded  Commit-  ments  Range  (In years)  Description  Limited partnerships  Middle market  Investments in privately-originated,  performing senior secured debt primarily  in North America-based companies  $  33,234  6,011  5  $  21,947  18,712  10  Global equity  fund  Investments in common stocks of U.S.,  international developed and emerging  markets with a focus on long-term capital  growth  9,037  -  0  10,607  -  0  Late-stage  growth  Investments in private late-stage,  established companies seeking capital to  accelerate growth prior to an IPO or sale  16,892  18,444  5 to 7  20,468  4,459  6  Infrastructure  Investments in environmental  infrastructure and related technology,  focusing on renewable power generation  and distribution  7,683  4,107  11  3,016  16,653  12  Total limited partnerships  $  66,846  28,562  $  56,038  39,824   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The majority of our limited partnership investments are not redeemable because distributions from the funds will be received  when  the  underlying  investments  of  the  funds  are  liquidated.  The  life  spans  indicated  above  may  be shortened or extended at the fund manager's discretion, typically in one or two-year increments.  The global equity fund is redeemable monthly.

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT CARRIED AT FAIR VALUE

Estimates of fair values are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market prices and information about the financial instruments.  The estimated fair values of financial instruments presented below are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company might realize in actual market transactions.

The carrying amount and fair value for the financial assets and liabilities on the consolidated financial statements not otherwise disclosed for the periods indicated were as follows:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (In thousands)  Carrying  Value  Fair  Value  Carrying  Value  Fair  Value  Financial assets:  Policy loans  $  78,773  78,773  80,307  80,307  Commercial mortgage loan  -  -  1,000  1,000  Residential mortgage loans  49  50  148  169  Cash and cash equivalents  22,973  22,973  27,294  27,294  Financial liabilities:  Annuity - investment contracts  67,344  61,701  64,384  72,352   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Policy loans. Policy loans had a weighted average annual interest rate of 7.7% at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 and no specified maturity dates.  The aggregate fair value of policy loans approximates the carrying value reflected on the consolidated balance sheets.  Policy loans are an integral part of the life insurance policies we have

(Continued)

in force, cannot be valued separately and are not marketable. Therefore, the fair value of policy loans approximates the carrying value and policy loans are considered Level 3 assets in the fair value hierarchy.

Commercial mortgage loan. We financed $1.0 million of the sale of our training facility at a 6.0% interest rate.  The loan was paid in full during the third quarter of 2022.  Due to the short-term nature of the loan, the carrying value approximated fair value and was considered a Level 3 asset in the fair value hierarchy.

Residential mortgage loans. Mortgage loans are secured principally by residential properties.  Weighted average interest rates for these loans were approximately 7.0% at December 31, 2022 and 6.4% at December 31, 2021.  At December  31,  2022,  the  remaining  loan  matures  in  six  years.    Management  estimated  the  fair  value  using  an annual interest rate of 6.25% at both December 31, 2022 and 2021.  Our mortgage loans are considered Level 3 assets in the fair value hierarchy.

Cash  and  cash  equivalents. The  fair  value  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents  approximate  carrying  value  and  are characterized as Level 1 assets in the fair value hierarchy.

Annuity liabilities. The fair value of the Company's liabilities under annuity contract policies, which are considered Level 3 liabilities, was estimated at December 31, 2022 and 2021 using discounted cash flows based upon spot rates adjusted for various risk adjustments ranging from 4.74% to 5.09% and 0.50% to 2.63%, respectively. The fair value of liabilities under all insurance contracts are taken into consideration in the overall management of interest rate risk, which seeks to minimize exposure to changing interest rates through the matching of investment maturities with amounts due under insurance contracts.

Other long-term investments. The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of other long-term investments.

| As of December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Other long-term investments:  Limited partnerships  $  69,294  56,038  FHLB common stock  193  192  Mortgage loans  49  1,148  All other investments  22  21  Total other long-term investments  $  69,558  57,399   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We carried $2.4 million of limited partnership investments at cost at December 31, 2022.  None were carried at cost at December 31, 2021.

We are a member of the FHLB of Dallas and such membership requires members to own stock in the FHLB. Our FHLB stock is carried at amortized cost, which approximates fair value.

## (4)  POLICY LIABILITIES AND SHORT DURATION CONTRACTS

Various assumptions used to determine the future policy benefit reserves of life insurance include valuation interest rates, mortality assumptions and withdrawals.

(Continued)

The following table presents information on changes in the liability for life, accident and health and property policy and contract claims.

Years ended December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  Policy claims payable:  Balance at January 1  $  14,590  13,206  Less:  reinsurance recoverable  2,469  3,012  Net balance at January 1  12,121  10,194  Add claims incurred, related to:  Current year  28,720  32,595  Prior years  (1)  (46)  1,052  28,674  33,647  Deduct claims paid, related to:  Current year  22,771  23,369  Prior years  10,210  8,351  32,981  31,720  Net balance December 31  7,814  12,121  Plus:  reinsurance recoverable  2,070  2,469  Balance at December 31  $  9,884  14,590   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) This line is primarily impacted by the level of claim resolutions in the period compared to that which is expected by the reserve assumption. A positive number implies an unfavorable result where claim resolutions were less favorable than assumed while a negative number implies a favorable  result  compared  to  assumptions.    Our  claim  assumptions  will  vary  from  actual  experience  in  any  one  period,  either  favorably  or unfavorably.

## SHORT DURATION CONTRACTS

The Company's short duration contracts consist of credit life and credit disability in the Life Insurance segment and property insurance in the Home Service Insurance segment. The credit insurance lines are an immaterial part of short duration contracts so the following disclosures cover only the property insurance line of business in the Home Service Insurance segment.

## Special Property Insurance (Allied and Fire)

The following table presents incurred claims development as of December 31, 2022, net of reinsurance, as well as cumulative  claim  frequency  and  the  total  of  incurred-but-not-reported  liabilities  plus  expected  development  on reported claims included within the net incurred claims amounts. This information is presented for the last five years as these claims rarely pay out over a longer period of time.

| As of  December 31, 2022  Incurred Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses,  Net of Reinsurance  Total of  Incurred but  Not Reported  Liabilities Plus  Expected  Development  on Reported  Claims  Cumulative  Number of  Reported  Claims  For the Years Ended December 31,  ($ In thousands)  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Accident Year:  (Unaudited)  2018  $  1,542  1,427  1,432  1,436  1,430  -  496  2019  1,549  1,150  1,161  1,106  1  610  2020  2,598  2,670  2,577  2  2,397  2021  2,087  1,644  5  2,369  2022  1,213  177  313  Total  $  7,970   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents paid claims development as of December 31, 2022, net of reinsurance.

| ## Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance  Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Accident Year:  (Unaudited)  2018  $  1,330  1,425  1,430  1,430  1,430  2019  1,166  1,071  1,091  1,105  2020  1,997  2,639  2,575  2021  1,435  1,639  2022  1,011  Total  $  7,760  All outstanding liabilities before 2018, net of reinsurance  $  -  Liabilities for claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance  $  263   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Continued)

The  reconciliation  of  the  net  incurred  and  paid  claims  development  tables  to  the  liability  for  claims  and  claim adjustment expenses in the consolidated balance sheets are as follows:

| As of December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Net outstanding liabilities:  Special property  $  263  796  Other short duration insurance lines  158  253  Liabilities for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance  421  1,049  Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims:  Special property  1,275  2,083  Other short duration insurance lines  798  386  Total reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims  2,073  2,469  Insurance lines other than short duration  7,390  11,072  Total gross liability for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expense  $  9,884  14,590   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is supplementary information to the consolidated financial statements about average historical claims duration as of December 31, 2022.

## Average Annual Percentage Payout of Incurred Claims by Age, Net of Reinsurance

## (Unaudited)

| Years  1  2  3  4  5  Special property  98 %  10 %  - %  1 %  - %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (5)  REINSURANCE

In  the  normal  course  of  business,  the  Company  reinsures  portions  of  certain  policies  that  we  underwrite  to  limit disproportionate risks.  During 2022 and 2021, we generally retained $100,000 on any one individual life insurance policy.  The Company also reinsures 100% of our accidental death benefit rider coverage.  The Company maintains catastrophe reinsurance with the net retention on any one loss of $30,000, which is the maximum policy limit on any single risk. During 2022, this reinsurance provided $11.0 million of coverage with the Company retaining $1.4 million of  the  risk.    In  2021,  this  reinsurance  provided  $10.5  million  of  coverage  once  the  Company  paid  a  $0.5  million deductible.  In consideration for a reinstatement premium, second event coverage is provided under the same terms for both years.  The Company's principal reinsurers are R+V Versicherung AG and Lloyds Underwriter Syndicates. The Company remains contingently liable in the event that any of the reinsurers are unable to meet their obligations under any reinsurance agreement.

Our amounts recoverable from reinsurers represent receivables from and reserves ceded to reinsurers.  We obtain reinsurance  from  multiple  reinsurers,  and  we  monitor  concentration  as  well  as  financial  strength  ratings  of  our principal reinsurers.  The ratings by A.M. Best Company range from A- (Excellent) to A+ (Superior).  Assumed and ceded life reinsurance activity is summarized as follows:

| December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Aggregate assumed life insurance in force  $  4,074  4,366  Aggregate ceded life insurance in force  $  543,496  465,954  Net life insurance in force  $  4,257,148  4,165,921   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Continued)

The Company's reinsurance recoverable on ceded reinsurance was $4.6 million and $5.5 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively.  Premiums, claims and surrenders assumed and ceded for all lines of business for these years are summarized as follows:

Years ended December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  Premiums from short-duration contracts:  Direct  $  7,862  7,631  Assumed  -  -  Ceded  (1,413)  (2,312)  Net premiums earned  6,449  5,319  Premiums from long-duration contracts:  Direct  169,111  171,175  Assumed  74  84  Ceded  (1,920)  (1,850)  Net premiums earned  167,265  169,409  Total premiums earned  $  173,714  174,728  Claims and surrenders assumed  $  151  169  Claims and surrenders ceded  $  (1,130)  (11,764)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the third quarter of 2021, SPFIC was impacted by Hurricane Ida, the second-most damaging and intense hurricane in Louisiana on record, behind Hurricane Katrina in 2005. The Company has a reinsurance agreement that covers catastrophic events such as Hurricane Ida.  We paid the $0.5 million retention in claim amounts for Ida and did not exceed the maximum reinsurance coverage.

## (6)  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND RESTRICTIONS

## STOCK

Our  Restated  and  Amended  Articles  of  Incorporation  authorize  the  issuance  of  127,000,000  shares,  of  which 100,000,000  shares  shall  be  Class  A  common  stock,  2,000,000  shares  shall  be  Class  B  common  stock,  and 25,000,000 shall be preferred stock.  The two authorized classes of common stock are equal in all respects, except (a) each share of Class A common stock is entitled to receive twice the cash dividends paid on a per share basis to the Class B common stock, if any; and (b) the holders of the Class B common stock have the exclusive right to elect a simple majority of the Board of Directors of Citizens. In April 2021, we repurchased all of the outstanding Class B common stock and it is now classified as treasury stock.  As a result, all of the directors are elected by the holders of the Class A common stock.  Citizens has never issued any preferred stock.

(Continued)

A summary of the change in number of shares of Class A and Class B common stock and treasury stock issued is as follows:

| (In thousands)  Common Stock  Treasury  Class A  Class B  Stock  Balance at December 31, 2020  52,654  1,002  3,136  Stock issued under stock investment plan  404  -  -  Stock issued for compensation  112  -  -  Acquisition of Class B shares  -  -  1,002  Balance at December 31, 2021  53,170  1,002  4,138  Stock issued under stock investment plan  475  -  -  Stock issued for compensation  91  -  -  Acquisition of Class A shares  -  -  799  Other share issuance  22  -  -  Balance at December 31, 2022  53,758  1,002  4,937   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EARNINGS PER SHARE

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share.

| Net income (loss)  $  (6,638)  36,787  Numerator for Basic Earnings Per Share:  Net income (loss) allocated to Class A common stock  $  (6,638)  36,673  Net income (loss) allocated to Class B common stock  -  114  Net income (loss)  $  (6,638)  36,787  Denominator for Basic Earnings Per Share:  Weighted average shares of Class A outstanding  50,139  49,664  Weighted average shares of Class B outstanding  -  308  Total weighted average shares outstanding  50,139  49,972  Basic earnings (loss) per share of Class A common stock  $  (0.13)  0.74  Basic earnings (loss) per share of Class B common stock  -  0.37  Numerator for Diluted Earnings Per Share:  Net income (loss) allocated to Class A common stock  $  (6,638)  36,675  Net income (loss) allocated to Class B common stock  -  112  Net income (loss)  $  (6,638)  36,787  Denominator for Diluted Earnings Per Share:  Weighted average shares of Class A outstanding  50,867  50,337  Weighted average shares of Class B outstanding  -  308  Total weighted average shares outstanding  50,867  50,645  Diluted earnings (loss) per share of Class A common stock  $  (0.13)  0.73  Diluted earnings (loss) per share of Class B common stock  -  0.36  Years ended December 31,  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  2022  2021   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATUTORY CAPITAL AND SURPLUS

The table below shows the combined total of all of our domestic insurance subsidiaries' statutory capital and surplus and  statutory  net  income  (loss)  for  life  insurance  operations  and  property  insurance  operations,  although  these amounts are not all available as dividends to Citizens because only CICA is directly owned by Citizens.  All other domestic subsidiaries are owned by CICA.

| ## As of December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Combined statutory capital and surplus  Life insurance operations  $  35,433  43,138  Property insurance operations  6,912  5,298  Total combined statutory capital and surplus  $  42,345  48,436  Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Combined statutory net income (loss)  Life insurance operations  $  (1,885)  5,280  Property insurance operations  1,615  (1,512)  Total combined statutory net income (loss)  $  (270)  3,768   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Generally, the net assets of the domestic insurance subsidiaries available for transfer to their immediate parent are limited to the lesser of the subsidiary's net gain from operations during the preceding year or 10% of the subsidiary's net statutory surplus as of the end of the preceding year as determined in accordance with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by insurance regulatory authorities.  Under these practices, total surplus at December 31, 2022 was $32.3 million and net gain from operations was $0.7 million for CICA for the year ended December 31, 2022.  Based upon these amounts, a $0.7 million dividend could be paid to the Company without prior regulatory approval in 2023. Payments of dividends in excess of such amounts would generally require approval by regulatory authorities.

Our  domestic  insurance  subsidiaries  have  calculated  their  risk-based  capital  ("RBC")  in  accordance  with  the National Association  of  Insurance  Commissioners'  ("NAIC")  Model  Rule  and  the  RBC  rules  as  adopted  by  their respective states of domicile.  As part of the novation transaction with CICA International, the Company agreed to infuse capital into CICA as required by the Colorado Department of Insurance to maintain CICA's RBC above 350% in  any  future  calendar  year-end  periods.   All  domestic  insurance  subsidiaries  exceeded  RBC  minimum  levels  at December 31, 2022.

Under the Bermuda Insurance Act 1978 (the "Insurance Act"), an insurer is prohibited from declaring or paying a dividend if it is in breach of its Enhanced Capital Requirement ('ECR') or Minimum Margin of Solvency ('MMS') or if the declaration or payment of such dividend would cause such a breach.  Where an insurer fails to meet its MMS on the last day of any financial year, it is prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends during the next financial year  without  the  approval  of  the  Bermuda  Monetary Authority  (the  'BMA'  or  the  "Authority").    Insurers  are  also prohibited from paying a dividend in an amount exceeding 25% of the prior year's total statutory capital and surplus, unless at least two members of the board of directors and its principal representative sign and submit to the BMA an affidavit attesting that a dividend in excess of this amount would not cause such insurer to fail to meet its relevant margins. In certain instances, the insurer would also be required to provide prior notice to the BMA in advance of the payment of dividends.

In the event that such an affidavit is submitted to the BMA in accordance with the Insurance Act, and further subject to CICA International meeting its MMS and ECR requirements, CICA International would be permitted to distribute a dividend not exceeding 25% of its prior year's total statutory capital and surplus.  Distributions in excess of this amount require the approval of the BMA.  Further, CICA International must obtain the BMA's prior approval before

(Continued)

reducing its total statutory capital as shown in its previous financial year statutory balance sheet by 15% or more. CICA  International  is  also  prohibited  from  declaring  or  paying  any  dividends  unless  the  value  of  its  long-term business assets exceeds its long-term business liabilities, as certified by its approved actuary, by the amount of the dividend and at least the MMS.  These restrictions on declaring or paying dividends and distributions under the Insurance Act are in addition to those under Bermuda's Companies Act 1981, which apply to all Bermuda-domiciled companies.  Based upon these rules, CICA International can pay a dividend of $4.6 million without prior regulatory approval in 2023.  However, the BMA has requested that CICA International notify it in advance of any potential dividend payments and any intercompany related payments or transactions.

## As of December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  CICA International capital and surplus  $  61,801  141,931  Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  CICA International net income (loss)  $  (1,024)  14,029   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  BMA  established  risk-based  regulatory  capital  adequacy  and  solvency  margin  requirements  for  Bermuda insurers that require us to calculate our ECR by using the Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement ("BSCR").  CICA International held capital in excess of the BSCR requirements at December 31, 2022.  At the request of the BMA, on April 15, 2021, Citizens and CICA International entered into a Keep Well Agreement.  The Keep Well Agreement requires Citizens to contribute up to $10 million in capital to CICA International as necessary to ensure that CICA International  has  a  minimum  capital  level  of  120%  (equal  to  the  TCL).    Since  CICA  International's  capital  level currently exceeds 120%, Citizens is not currently required to make a capital contribution.

As the Insurance Act permits, we requested a modification under Section 6C of the Insurance Act to remove the impact of unrealized gains or losses from the MMS requirement.  On January 19, 2023, the BMA granted CICA International a permitted practice, effective December 31, 2022, pursuant to Section 6C (1) of the Insurance Act to report its fixed income maturity securities at amortized cost in its unconsolidated statutory financial statements.

## (7)  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

## LITIGATION AND REGULATORY ACTIONS

From time to time we are subject to legal and regulatory actions relating to our business.  We defend all claims vigorously.    As  a  result,  we  incur  defense  costs,  including  attorneys'  fees,  other  direct  litigation  costs  and  the expenditure  of  management  time  that  otherwise  would  be  devoted  to  our  business.    If  we  suffer  an  adverse judgment as a result of litigation claims or if a regulator fines us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## CREDIT FACILITY

On May 5, 2021, the Company entered into a $20 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the 'Credit Facility') with Regions Bank ("Regions").  The Credit Facility has a three-year term, maturing on May 5, 2024, and allows the Company  to  borrow  up  to  $20  million  for  working  capital  purposes,  capital  expenditures  and  other  corporate purposes.

Revolving loans may be requested by the Company in aggregate minimum principal amounts of $0.5 million per loan.  At the Company's election, the revolving loans may either bear a base rate, which is 1.75% plus a base rate (a fluctuating rate per annum) equal to the greatest of (a) Regions' prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus 1%, and (d) 0.75%; or an adjusted LIBOR rate, which is 2.75% plus an adjusted LIBOR rate but cannot be less than 0.75%.  The Company is required to pay Regions a quarterly commitment fee of 0.375% of the unused portion of the Credit Facility, which the Company expenses as it is incurred.

(Continued)

Obligations under the Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company other than the equity interests in all of the regulated insurance subsidiaries, real estate owned by the Company, and other limited exceptions.  The  Credit  Facility  contains  customary  events  of  default  and  financial,  affirmative  and  negative covenants,  including  but  not  limited  to  restrictions  on  indebtedness,  liens,  investments,  asset  dispositions  and restricted  payments.   As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  had  not  borrowed  any  funds  against  the  Credit Facility and was not in violation of any covenants.

## CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

The Company leases home office space in Austin, Texas for Citizens and in Bermuda for CICA International as well as several district office locations related to our Home Service Insurance segment across Louisiana, Mississippi and Arkansas, which are classified as operating leases.  Certain operating leases include renewal options that extend the lease term.  The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such option.  The Company also has a minimal amount of finance leases regarding equipment. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements and are recognized as lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term and not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets.

Our operating lease liabilities had a weighted-average lease term of 7.7 years remaining as of December 31, 2022.

Maturities of our remaining operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 are as follows.

| (In thousands)  Operating Lease  Payments  Maturity of operating lease liabilities:  2023  $  1,404  2024  1,440  2025  1,381  2026  1,368  2027  1,402  After 2027  4,165  Total operating lease payments  11,160  Interest expense  (1,044)  Present value of operating lease liabilities  $  10,116   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We record the lease right-of-use asset in Property and Equipment, net and the lease liability in Other Liabilities using a weighted average discount rate of 2.59%.  Cash payments related to the operating lease liabilities were $1.4 million for both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were reported in operating cash flows.

The Company does not engage in lease agreements among related parties.

As of December 31, 2022, CICA International is committed to fund investments up to $28.6 million related to limited partnership investments.

## (8)  SEGMENT AND OTHER OPERATING INFORMATION

The Company has two reportable segments:  Life Insurance and Home Service Insurance.  Our Life Insurance segment issues endowment contracts, which are principally accumulation contracts that incorporate an element of life insurance protection, and ordinary whole life insurance to non-U.S. residents through CICA International.  These contracts are designed to provide a fixed amount of insurance coverage over the life of the insured and may utilize rider benefits to provide additional coverage and annuity benefits to enhance accumulations.  CICA issues credit life and  credit  disability  and  accident  and  health  related  policies  throughout  the  Midwest  and  southern  U.S.  CNLIC issues ordinary whole life and critical illness products.

(Continued)

Our Home Service Insurance segment operates through our subsidiaries SPLIC, Magnolia and SPFIC, and focuses on  the  life  insurance  needs  of  the  middle-  and  lower-income  markets,  primarily  in  Louisiana,  Mississippi  and Arkansas.  Our policies are sold and serviced through 165 funeral homes and 430 independent agents who sell policies,  collect  premiums  and  service  policyholders.    Our  Home  Service  Insurance  segment  also  sells  property insurance policies in Louisiana.

The  Life  Insurance  and  Home  Service  Insurance  portions  of  the  Company  constitute  separate  businesses.  In addition  to  the  Life  Insurance  and  Home  Service  Insurance  business,  the  Company  also  operates  other  noninsurance portions of the Company ("Other Non-Insurance Enterprises"), which primarily include the Company's IT and Corporate-support functions that is included in the tables presented below to properly reconcile the segment information with the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

The  accounting  policies  of  the  reportable  segments  and  Other  Non-Insurance  Enterprises  are  presented  in accordance  with  U.S.  GAAP  and  are  the  same  as  those  described  in  the  summary  of  significant  accounting policies.    The  Company  evaluates  profit  and  loss  performance  based  on  U.S.  GAAP  net  income  (loss)  before federal income taxes for its two reportable segments.

The Company's Other Non-Insurance Enterprises represents the only difference between segments and reported consolidated operations.

| Year ended December 31, 2022  (In thousands)  Life  Insurance  Home  Service  Insurance  Other  Non-  Insurance  Enterprises  Consolidated  Revenues:  Premiums  Life insurance  $  124,156  43,430  -  167,586  Accident and health insurance  497  781  -  1,278  Property insurance  -  4,850  -  4,850  Net investment income (loss)  50,680  13,632  1,114  65,426  Investment related gains (losses), net  (8,826)  (1,277)  (188)  (10,291)  Other income (loss)  3,668  1  6  3,675  Total revenue  170,175  61,417  932  232,524  Benefits and expenses:  Insurance benefits paid or provided:  Claims and surrenders  95,576  24,359  -  119,935  Increase in future policy benefit reserves  23,938  5,702  -  29,640  Policyholders' dividends  5,990  23  -  6,013  Total insurance benefits paid or provided  125,504  30,084  -  155,588  Commissions  20,031  16,191  -  36,222  Other general expenses  23,192  16,444  5,541  45,177  Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition  costs  (17,942)  (6,957)  -  (24,899)  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition  costs  19,810  6,719  -  26,529  Amortization of cost of insurance acquired  262  712  -  974  Total benefits and expenses  170,857  63,193  5,541  239,591  Income (loss) before federal income tax  $  (682)  (1,776)  (4,609)  (7,067)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Continued)

| Year ended December 31, 2021  (In thousands)  Life  Insurance  Home  Service  Insurance  Other  Non-  Insurance  Enterprises  Consolidated  Revenues:  Premiums  Life insurance  $  125,558  44,243  -  169,801  Accident and health insurance  500  750  -  1,250  Property insurance  -  3,677  -  3,677  Net investment income (loss)  47,216  13,224  1,055  61,495  Investment related gains (losses), net  9,176  618  1,197  10,991  Other income (loss)  3,362  7  (37)  3,332  Total revenue  185,812  62,519  2,215  250,546  Benefits and expenses:  Insurance benefits paid or provided:  Claims and surrenders  91,390  28,345  -  119,735  Increase in future policy benefit reserves  29,407  7,037  -  36,444  Policyholders' dividends  6,140  40  -  6,180  Total insurance benefits paid or provided  126,937  35,422  -  162,359  Commissions  18,747  16,716  -  35,463  Other general expenses  20,846  14,739  7,785  43,370  Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition  costs  (16,174)  (6,566)  -  (22,740)  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition  costs  21,571  3,381  -  24,952  Amortization of cost of insurance acquired  343  863  -  1,206  Goodwill impairment  12,624  -  -  12,624  Total benefits and expenses  184,894  64,555  7,785  257,234  Income (loss) before federal income tax  $  918  (2,036)  (5,570)  (6,688)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below summarizes assets by segment.

| December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Assets:  Life Insurance  $  1,176,246  1,390,392  Home Service Insurance  338,977  407,603  Other Non-Insurance Enterprises  54,747  56,516  Total assets  $  1,569,970  1,854,511   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION

The following table sets forth, by country, the Company's annual total of earned premiums from geographic area for the years indicated:

Years ended December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  Area:  United States  $  54,712  56,000  Colombia  25,181  24,829  Taiwan  18,236  19,042  Venezuela  16,429  17,788  Ecuador  12,992  13,115  Argentina  9,251  9,160  Other foreign countries  40,172  38,871  Net reinsurance  (3,259)  (4,077)  Total premiums  $  173,714  174,728   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (9)  INCOME TAXES

CICA International, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Citizens, is considered a controlled foreign corporation for federal income tax purposes. As a result, the insurance activity of CICA International is subject to Subpart F of the IRC and is  included in Citizens' taxable income. Due to the 0% enacted tax rate in Bermuda there are no deferred taxes recorded for CICA International's temporary differences.  For both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Subpart F income inclusion generated $2.1 million of federal income tax expense.

CICA  PR,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Citizens,  was  formed  in  September  2022.    CICA  PR  is  considered  a controlled  foreign  corporation  for  federal  income  tax  purposes.    CICA  PR's  insurance  activity  will  be  subject  to Subpart  F  of  the  IRC  and  included  in  Citizens'  taxable  income.    CICA  PR's  activity  for  the  current  period  is immaterial to the financial statements as it was not operational until 2023.

A reconciliation between the U.S. corporate income tax rate and the effective income tax rate is as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands, except for %)  2022  %  2021  %  Expected tax expense (benefit)  $  (1,484)  21.0 %  $  (1,404)  21.0 %  Change in valuation allowance  1  -  -  -  Foreign income tax rate differential  151  (2.1)  (2,912)  43.5  Tax-exempt interest and dividends-received deduction  (63)  0.9  (114)  1.7  Adjustment of prior year taxes  -  -  (61)  0.9  Effect of uncertain tax position  (1,185)  16.8  (43,834)  655.4  Nondeductible costs to remediate tax compliance issue  -  -  (176)  2.6  Compensation limitation under 162(m) and 280(g)  67  (0.9)  (21)  0.3  Subpart F income  2,053  (29.1)  2,102  (31.4)  Rate differential on net operating loss carryback claim  -  -  295  (4.4)  Goodwill impairment  -  -  2,651  (39.6)  Other  31  (0.5)  (1)  -  Total federal income tax expense (benefit)  $  (429)  6.1 %  $  (43,475)  650.0 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Income tax expense (benefit) consists of:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Income tax expense (benefit):  Current - normal operations  $  632  (68)  Current - UTP release impact  (1,185)  (43,834)  Deferred  124  427  Total income tax expense (benefit)  $  (429)  (43,475)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The components of deferred federal income taxes are as follows:

| December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Deferred tax assets:  Future policy benefit reserves  $  2,632  2,572  Net operating and capital loss carryforwards  388  1,545  Accrued policyholder dividends and expenses  134  115  Investments  113  218  Deferred intercompany loss  1,744  1,848  Unrealized losses on investments available-for-sale  11,688  -  Accrued compensation  360  337  Lease liability  2,124  2,274  Other  440  236  Total gross deferred tax assets  19,623  9,145  Less:  Valuation allowance  4,238  -  Net deferred tax assets  15,385  9,145  Deferred tax liabilities:  DAC, COIA and intangible assets  (8,571)  (8,955)  Unrealized gains on investments available-for-sale  -  (10,350)  Tax reserves transition liability  (2,242)  (2,989)  Right-of-use lease asset  (2,124)  (2,274)  Other  (34)  (33)  Total gross deferred tax liabilities  (12,971)  (24,601)  Net deferred tax asset (liability)  $  2,414  (15,456)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Continued)

A summary of the changes in the components of deferred federal and state income taxes is as follows:

| December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Deferred federal and state income taxes:  Balance January 1,  $  (15,456)  (9,564)  Deferred tax benefit (expense)  (124)  (427)  Investments available-for-sale  21,770  (5,709)  Change in valuation allowance  (4,238)  -  Effects of unrealized gains on DAC, COIA and reserves  462  244  Balance December 31,  $  2,414  (15,456)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company and our subsidiaries have net operating loss carryforwards of $0.9 million at December 31, 2022. The Company and our subsidiaries have capital loss carryforwards of $0.9 million at December 31, 2022, which begin expiring in 2026.

At December 31, 2022,  we determined it was more likely than not that a portion of our capital deferred tax assets would  not  be  realized  in  their  entirety.    Thus,  the  Company  holds  a  $4.2  million  valuation  allowance  in  other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2022.  We did not hold any valuation allowances at December 31, 2021.

The Company recognizes only the impact of tax positions that, based on their technical merits, are more likely than not to be sustained upon an audit by the taxing authority.

A reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Balance at January 1,  $  2,156  45,990  Additions for tax positions of prior years  -  -  Reductions for tax positions of prior years  (1,185)  (43,834)  Balance December 31,  $  971  2,156   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This unrecognized tax benefit is reported net in current federal income tax payable on the consolidated balance sheets.    Included  in  these  amounts  are  interest  expense  of  $0.2  million  and  $0.4  million  with  respect  to unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The Company's unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. The Company accrued an uncertain tax position of $2.2 million at December 31, 2021.  However, the Company released $1.2 million of this uncertain tax position, including interest, during the fourth quarter of 2022 following the expiration  of  the  statute  of  limitations  on  the  tax  year  ended  December  31,  2018.    The  Company  believes  it  is reasonably possible that the remaining uncertain tax benefits will decrease within the next twelve months.

The Company's practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. In  the  consolidated  statements  of  operations  and  comprehensive  income  (loss),  the  amount  of  interest  income recorded was $0.2 million and $9.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

(Continued)

The  Coronavirus  Aid,  Relief,  and  Economic  Security  Act  ("CARES  Act")  was  enacted  on  March  27,  2020  in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.  The CARES Act, among other things, permitted net operating losses incurred in  2018,  2019  and  2020  to  be  carried  back  to  each  of  the  five  preceding  taxable  years  to  generate  a  refund  of previously paid income taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company was able to claim a net refund for taxes paid in preceding years as a result of the CARES Act.  As of December 31, 2022, the Company has an accrued tax refund remaining of $1.5 million.

The Consolidated Appropriations Act was enacted on December 27, 2020 and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021  was  enacted  March  11,  2021.  These  Acts  did  not  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Company's  financial statements.

The Company's Federal income tax return is filed on a consolidated basis with the following entities:

Citizens, Inc. CICA Life Insurance Company of America Citizens National Life Insurance Company Magnolia Guaranty Life Insurance Company Security Plan Life Insurance Company Security Plan Fire Insurance Company Computing Technology, Inc.

The method of tax allocation  among  companies  is  subject  to  a  written  tax  sharing  agreement,  approved  by  the Board of Directors, whereby allocation is made primarily on a separate return basis pursuant to the wait-and-see method.  Under this method, consolidated group members are not given current credit or refunds for net operating losses until taxable income on a separate return basis is generated.  Intercompany tax balances are settled at least annually.

The  Company  and  our  subsidiaries  file  income  tax  returns  in  the  U.S.  federal  jurisdiction  and  various  U.S. states. Our subsidiaries are subject to examination by U.S. tax authorities for tax years 2014 - 2016 and 2019 2021.

## (10)  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

The changes in the components of other comprehensive income (loss) are reported net of the effects of income taxes of 21% in 2022 and 2021, as indicated below.

| Year ended December 31, 2022  Unrealized gains (losses):  Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period  $  (328,673)  21,792  (306,881)  Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net  income  104  (22)  82  Effects on DAC  1,416  (296)  1,120  Effects on COIA  623  (131)  492  Effects on unearned revenue reserves  (4,235)  889  (3,346)  Change in tax valuation allowance  -  (4,238)  (4,238)  Other comprehensive income (loss)  $  (330,765)  17,994  (312,771)  Year ended December 31, 2021  Unrealized gains (losses):  Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period  $  (41,123)  3,084  (38,039)  Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net  income  (243)  51  (192)  Effects on DAC  37,679  (8,938)  28,741  Effects on COIA  276  (58)  218  Effects on unearned revenue reserves  (1,887)  396  (1,491)  Other comprehensive income (loss)  $  (5,298)  (5,465)  (10,763)  (In thousands)  Amount  Tax Effect  Total   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (11)  STOCK COMPENSATION

In 2022 and 2021, the Company's Board of Directors approved awards of restricted stock units ("RSUs") under the Citizens, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan for non-employee directors and the executive management team. The RSUs granted  to  the  directors  vest  one  year  from  the  date  of  the  annual  shareholders  meeting,  subject  to  continued service on the Board. RSUs to the executive management team are subject to achieving performance goals and once the goals are met, RSUs are awarded. These awarded RSUs have a time-based vesting component of three years,  subject  to  continued  employment.  In  addition,  the  Board  also  approved  an  allotment  of  RSUs  for  other employees with a delegation to the Chief Executive Officer to determine the participants and number of RSUs to be awarded.  There were three million shares originally authorized to be granted under the plan.

The following table provides a rollforward of restricted stock activity:

| Restricted Stock Units  Units  Weighted  Average  Grant Price  Weighted  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Life  Aggregate  Fair Value  (1)  (In thousands)  (In years)  (In thousands)  Outstanding at December 31, 2020  190  $  6.03  0.88  $  1,142  Granted  178  5.83  1,040  Less:  Vested  147  6.21  913  Forfeited  8  5.96  47  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  213  5.75  1.63  1,222  Granted  184  4.00  734  Less:  Vested  119  5.63  669  Forfeited  12  4.27  51  Outstanding at December 31, 2022  266  $  4.65  1.61  $  1,236   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Fair value per share of restricted stock units was equal to Grant Date fair value per share, which was calculated based on the closing price of the Company's Class A common stock on the NYSE on the grant date, in accordance with ASC Topic 718.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  recognized  $0.6  million  of  expense,  while  $0.8  million  was  unrecognized  and  is expected to be amortized up to three years.

Restricted stock unit awards give the participant the right to receive common stock in the future, subject to certain restrictions and a risk of forfeiture. Forfeitures are recognized in the period they occur.  Compensation expense of $0.5 million and $0.6 million was recognized in 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to these awards.

## (12)  BENEFIT PLANS

The Company sponsors a defined contribution retirement plan.  The plan was initially established as the Citizens, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan and was restated as the Citizens, Inc. 401(k) Retirement and Profit Sharing Plan effective March 1, 2016.  There have been no profit sharing contributions since 2014.

The  401(k)  plan  automatically  enrolls  employees  who  have  completed  three  months  of  service.  Voluntary contributions  are  made  by  employees  and  the  Company  provides  a  matching  contribution  based  upon  the employee's level of contribution.  The Company's expense was $0.7 million in both 2022 and 2021.

The  Company  is  primarily  self-insured  for  employee  health  benefits.    The  Company  records  its  self-insurance liability based on an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported.  There is stop-loss coverage for amounts in excess of $80,000 per individual per year.  If more claims are made than were estimated or if the costs of actual claims increase beyond what was anticipated, reserves recorded may not be sufficient and additional accruals may be required in future periods.

## (13)  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The  Company has various  routine  related  party  transactions  in  conjunction  with  our  holding  company  structure, such as a management service agreement related to costs incurred, a tax sharing agreement between entities, and inter-company dividends and capital contributions.   We perform an expense study on an annual basis, utilizing an enterprise-wide time study, and we adjust cost allocations among entities as needed based upon this review.  Any allocation changes are reflected in the segment operations, but do not impact consolidated expenses.  There were

(Continued)

no changes related to these relationships during the year ended December 31, 2022 and no additional related party transactions.

## (14)  QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited)

The following table contains selected unaudited financial data for each quarter.

| (In thousands, except per share amounts)  Fourth  Quarter  Third  Quarter  Second  Quarter  First  Quarter  2022  Revenues  $  67,257  56,176  53,734  55,357  Benefits and expenses  64,934  60,963  57,363  56,331  Federal income tax expense (benefit)  (1,051)  344  (81)  359  Net income (loss)  3,374  (5,131)  (3,548)  (1,333)  Net income (loss) available to common shareholders  3,374  (5,131)  (3,548)  (1,333)  Basic earnings (losses) per share of Class A  common stock  0.07  (0.10)  (0.07)  (0.03)  Basic earnings (losses) per share of Class B  common stock  -  -  -  -  Diluted earnings (losses) per share of Class A  common stock  0.07  (0.10)  (0.07)  (0.03)  Diluted earnings (losses) per share of Class B  common stock  -  -  -  -  2021  Revenues  $  69,921  61,584  63,558  55,483  Benefits and expenses  76,734  64,311  57,958  58,231  Federal income tax expense (benefit)  (44,950)  72  578  825  Net income (loss)  38,137  (2,799)  5,022  (3,573)  Net income (loss) available to common shareholders  38,137  (2,799)  5,022  (3,573)  Basic earnings (losses) per share of Class A  common stock  0.77  (0.06)  0.10  (0.07)  Basic earnings (losses) per share of Class B  common stock  0.36  -  0.05  (0.04)  Diluted earnings (losses) per share of Class A  common stock  0.77  (0.06)  0.10  (0.07)  Diluted earnings (losses) per share of Class B  common stock  0.36  -  0.05  (0.04)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (15)  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company has evaluated the impact of subsequent events as defined by the accounting guidance through the date this report was issued and determined that no subsequent events need to be recognized or disclosed.

## December 31,

| (In thousands)  2022  2021  Assets  Investment in subsidiaries  (1)  $  (38,524)  271,639  Fixed maturity securities available-for-sale, at fair value  28,566  33,724  Equity securities, at fair value  770  1,466  Mortgage loans on real estate  -  1,000  Short-term investments  1,241  -  Cash  2,163  3,399  Accrued investment income  342  439  Accounts receivable from subsidiaries  (1)  5,126  5,832  Property and equipment, net  10,387  11,564  Other assets  1,715  3,049  Total assets  $  11,786  332,112  Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity  Liabilities:  Accrued expense and other liabilities  $  10,743  11,541  Total liabilities  10,743  11,541  Stockholders' equity:  Common stock:  Class A  268,147  265,561  Class B  3,184  3,184  Accumulated deficit  (52,203)  (45,565)  Unrealized investment gains (losses) on securities held by parent and  subsidiaries, net of tax  (195,279)  117,492  Treasury stock  (22,806)  (20,101)  Total stockholders' equity  1,043  320,571  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity  $  11,786  332,112   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Eliminated in consolidation.  Negative amount due to unrealized losses on fixed maturity securities during at December 31, 2022.

## Note to Schedule II:

Citizens,  Inc.'s  investments  in  consolidated  subsidiaries  are  stated  at  cost  plus  equity  in  undistributed  income  of  consolidated subsidiaries and unrealized gains (losses) on investments held by consolidated subsidiaries.  The Company includes in its Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) dividends from its subsidiaries and equity in income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries, which represents the net income (loss) of each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

## Schedule II Condensed Financial Information of Registrant CITIZENS, INC. (Parent Company) Balance Sheets

## Schedule II, Continued Condensed Financial Information of Registrant CITIZENS, INC. (Parent Company) Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Comprehensive income (loss):  Revenues:  Management service fees  (1)  $  35,413  33,311  Investment income  6,124  1,063  Other  6  (37)  Investment related gains (losses), net  (188)  1,197  Total revenues  41,355  35,534  Expenses:  General expenses  38,926  37,977  Taxes, licenses and fees  149  198  Total expenses  39,075  38,175  Income (loss) before federal income tax expense (benefit) and equity in income  (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries  2,280  (2,641)  Federal income tax expense (benefit)  (571)  (1,661)  Income (loss) before equity in income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries  2,851  (980)  Equity in income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries  (9,489)  37,767  Net income (loss)  (6,638)  36,787  Other comprehensive income (loss)  (312,771)  (10,763)  Total comprehensive income (loss)  $  (319,409)  26,024   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Eliminated in consolidation.

## Note to Schedule II:

Citizens,  Inc.'s  investments  in  consolidated  subsidiaries  are  stated  at  cost  plus  equity  in  undistributed  income  of  consolidated subsidiaries and unrealized gains (losses) on investments held by consolidated subsidiaries.  The Company includes in its Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) dividends from its subsidiaries and equity in income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries, which represents the net income (loss) of each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

## Schedule II, Continued Condensed Financial Information of Registrant CITIZENS, INC. (Parent Company) Statements of Cash Flows

| ## Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Cash flows from operating activities:  Net income (loss)  $  (6,638)  36,787  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating  activities:  Investment related gains (losses), net  188  (1,197)  Equity in loss (income) of consolidated subsidiaries  9,489  (37,767)  Change in accrued expenses and other liabilities  639  (11,458)  Change in federal income tax payable  (10,379)  (2,683)  Deferred federal income tax expense (benefit)  1,065  227  Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments  281  473  Depreciation  224  239  Change in accrued investment income  97  32  Stock-based compensation  461  646  Decrease (increase) in receivable from subsidiaries and other assets  705  (921)  Other, net  188  151  Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities  (3,680)  (15,471)  Cash flows from investing activities:  Purchases of fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale  (11,232)  (2,678)  Maturities and calls of fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale  9,721  7,548  Sales of fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale  4,314  6,952  Sales of property and equipment  2  14  Sale of equity securities  500  -  Sale of other long-term investments  -  8,790  Sale of real estate  -  3,552  Funding of mortgage loans  -  (1,000)  Principal payments on mortgage loans  1,000  -  Purchases of property and equipment  (32)  (119)  Purchases of short-term investments  (1,250)  -  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  3,023  23,059  Cash flows from financing activities:  Issuance of common stock  2,244  2,255  Acquisition of treasury stock  (2,705)  (9,090)  Other  (118)  (456)  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  (579)  (7,291)  Net increase (decrease) in cash  (1,236)  297  Cash at beginning of year  3,399  3,102  Cash at end of year  $  2,163  3,399   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note to Schedule II:

Citizens,  Inc.'s  investments  in  consolidated  subsidiaries  are  stated  at  cost  plus  equity  in  undistributed  income  of  consolidated subsidiaries and unrealized gains (losses) on investments held by consolidated subsidiaries.  The Company includes in its Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) dividends from its subsidiaries and equity in income (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries, which represents the net income (loss) of each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

## Schedule III Consolidated Supplementary Insurance Information

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Deferred policy acquisition costs:  Life Insurance  $  95,777  97,644  Home Service Insurance  44,390  42,736  Total consolidated deferred policy acquisition costs  $  140,167  140,380  Future policy benefit reserves and policy claims payable:  Life Insurance  $  1,109,116  1,084,455  Home Service Insurance  298,275  293,824  Total consolidated future policy benefit reserves and policy claims payable  $  1,407,391  1,378,279  Unearned premiums:  Life Insurance  $  1,501  1,471  Home Service Insurance  267  331  Total consolidated unearned premiums  $  1,768  1,802  Other policy claims and benefits payable:  Life Insurance  $  114,698  105,310  Home Service Insurance  2,078  2,028  Total consolidated other policy claims and benefits payable  $  116,776  107,338   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  the  Company's  short  duration  contracts  (property),  written  premium  is  not  materially  different  from  earned premium, therefore only earned premiums are detailed in Schedule IV.

Schedule IV Consolidated Statement of Reinsurance

| (In thousands)  Direct  Amount  Ceded to  Other  Companies  Assumed  From Other  Companies  Net Amount  % of  Amount  Assumed to  Net  Year ended December 31, 2022  Life insurance in force  $  4,796,570  543,496  4,074  4,257,148  0.1 %  Premiums:  Life insurance  169,432  1,920  74  167,586  Accident and health insurance  1,283  5  -  1,278  Property insurance  6,258  1,408  -  4,850  Total premiums  $  176,973  3,333  74  173,714  - %  Year ended December 31, 2021  Life insurance in force  $  4,627,509  465,954  4,366  4,165,921  0.1 %  Premiums:  Life insurance  171,567  1,850  84  169,801  Accident and health insurance  1,255  5  -  1,250  Property insurance  5,984  2,307  -  3,677  Total premiums  $  178,806  4,162  84  174,728  - %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EXHIBITS

| Exhibit  No.  The following exhibits are filed herewith:  3.1  Restated  and  Amended  Articles  of  Incorporation  dated  March  4,  2004  (incorporated  herein  by  reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December  31, 2003, filed on March 15, 2004)  3.2  Amended and Restated Bylaws dated June 2, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to  the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 7, 2021)  4.1*  Description of Securities of Citizens, Inc.  10.1  Form of Indemnification Agreement for Executive Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to  the registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2017)  10.2  Form  of  Indemnification  Agreement  for  Directors  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  to  the  Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2017)  10.3†  Citizens,  Inc.  Omnibus  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.3  to  the  Registration  Statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on December 5, 2017)  10.4†  Form of Citizens, Inc. Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.6 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2018)  10.5†  Form  of  Citizens,  Inc.  Non-employee  Director  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2018)  10.6†  Executive Employment Agreement by and between Citizens, Inc. and Gerald W. Shields, effective as  of January 1, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report  on Form 8-K, filed on December 21, 2021)  10.7  Credit  Agreement  between  the  Company  and  Regions  Bank  dated  May  5,  2021  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2021)  10.8  Pledge  and  Security Agreement  dated  May  5,  2021  by  and  between  Citizens,  Inc.  as  obligor,  and  Regions  Bank,  as  lender  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.2  to  the  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2021)  21*  Subsidiaries of the Registrant  23*  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Grant Thornton LLP  24  Power of Attorney (included on signature page enclosed herein)  31.1*  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  31.2*  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  32.1*  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act  32.2*  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| - 101.INS XBRL Instance Document  - 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  - 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  - 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  - 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  - 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  - 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed electronically herewith, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- † Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
* Filed herewith.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

## CITIZENS, INC.

Date:

March 10, 2023

By: /s/ Gerald W. Shields

Gerald W. Shields,

Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer)

By:

/s/ Jeffery P. Conklin

Jeffery P. Conklin,

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Treasurer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

## POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Gerald W. Shields and Jeffery P. Conklin jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form  10-K,  and  to  file  the  same,  with  exhibits  thereto  and  other  documents  in  connection  therewith,  with  the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on March 10, 2023.

Dated:  March 10, 2023

/s/ Jerry D. Davis, Jr.

/s/ Gerald W. Shields

Jerry D. Davis, Jr., Chairman of the Board and Director

Gerald W. Shields, Vice Chairman of the Board and Director

/s/ Christopher W. Claus

/s/ Dr. Robert B. Sloan, Jr.

Christopher W. Claus, Director

Dr. Robert B. Sloan, Jr., Director

/s/ Dr. Terry S. Maness

/s/ Cynthia H. Davis

Dr. Terry S. Maness, Director

Cynthia H. Davis, Director

/s/ Francis A. Keating II

/s/ Mary Taylor

Mary Taylor, Director

Francis A. Keating II, Director

J. Keith Morgan, Director

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS

Jerry D. Davis, Jr.  (1) (3) (5) Chair of the Board Retired life insurance company CEO and Chair Granbury, Texas

Gerald W. Shields Vice Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer Citizens, Inc. Austin, Texas

Christopher W. Claus  (1) (3) (5) Retired financial and investment executive USAA San Antonio, Texas

Cynthia H. Davis   (1) (4) Life Insurance Underwriter NFP/Partners Financial Austin, Texas

Gov. Francis A. Keating II  (4) Chair of the Board of Regents, University of Oklahoma Former Governor of Oklahoma Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

Dr. Terry S. Maness   (2) Former Dean of Hankamer School of Business Baylor University Waco, Texas

J. Keith Morgan   (2) (5) Retired senior legal executive Former Chief Legal Officer at TIAA Round Mountain, Texas

- (1)  Member of Executive Committee
- (2)  Member of Audit Committee
- (3)  Member of Compensation Committee
- (4)  Member of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
- (5)  Member of Investment Committee

## EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Gerald W. Shields President and Chief Executive Officer

Jeffery P . Conklin Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Investment Officer

Sheryl Kinlaw Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Robert M. Mauldin III Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer

Harvey J. L. Waite Vice President, Chief Actuary

## ACCOUNTANT

Grant Thornton, LLP 801 Brickell Avenue, Suite 2450 Miami, FL 33131

## STOCK MARKET LISTING

Citizens, Inc. Class A common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol CIA.

Dr. Robert B. Sloan, Jr.  (1) (3) (4) President &amp; Chief Executive Officer Houston Christian University Houston, Texas

Mary Taylor  (2) (4) Vice President, Operations &amp; Finance Northeast Ohio Medical University Akron, Ohio

## CITIZENS CORPORATE OFFICES MAILING ADDRESS

P.O. Box 149151 Austin, TX 78714 Phone: 512-837-7100 E-mail: PR@citizensinc.com www.citizensinc.com

## REGISTRAR &amp; TRANSFER AGENT

Computershare Trust Company NA P.O. Box 505000 Louisville, KY 40233-5000 Phone: 877-785-9659 (Toll-Free) Outside the U.S. 781-575-4621 (International Direct Dial) www-us.computershare.com

Computershare's direct link to Citizens Information: www.computershare.com/citizens

## SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

As a Citizens, Inc. shareholder, you are Invited to take advantage of shareholder services through Computershare Trust Company, our transfer agent. It maintains the records for our registered shareholders and can help you with a variety of shareholder related services.

## INVESTOR INFORMATION

Gateway Group, Inc. Matt Glover and Matthew Hausch (949) 574-3860 CIA@gatewayir.com

CITIZENS, INC. | 2022 ANNUAL REPORT

<!-- image -->

## INSURANCE IS A PROMISE MADE. CITIZENS IS A PROMISE KEPT.  ™

002CSNCB8D