## 2022 Comerica Incorporated Annual Report

<!-- image -->

## COMERICA INCORPORATED

Founded in 1849, Comerica Incorporated (NYSE: CMA) is a financial services company headquartered in Dallas, Texas, strategically aligned by three business segments: The Commercial Bank, The Retail Bank and Wealth Management. Comerica focuses on relationships, and helping people and businesses be successful. In addition to Texas, Comerica Bank locations can be found in Arizona, California, Florida and Michigan, with select businesses operating in several other states, as well as in Canada and Mexico. As of December 31, 2022, Comerica had:

$85.4 billion in assets

$53.4 billion in loans

$71.4 billion in deposits

409 U.S. banking centers

7,488 employees (FTE)

## OUR PROMISE

We will Raise Your Expectations® of what a bank can be.

## OUR CORE VALUES

- The Customer Comes First

●

- The Bigger Possible

●

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Curtis C. Farmer

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Comerica Incorporated and Comerica Bank

## Barbara R. Smith (2) (5)

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Commercial Metals Company

## Robert S. Taubman (4)

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Taubman Realty Group LLC Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer The Taubman Company LLC

## Reginald M. Turner, Jr. (1) (3)

Member Emeritus Clark Hill PLC

## Nina G. Vaca (2)

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Pinnacle Technical Resources, Inc. and Vaca Industries Inc.

## Michael G. Van de Ven (2)

Executive Advisor Southwest Airlines Co.

(1) Audit Committee

(2) Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee

(3) Qualified Legal Compliance Committee

(4) Enterprise Risk Committee

(5) Independent Facilitating Director

## Michael E. Collins (1) (3) (4)

Chair and Senior Counselor, Blake Collins Group Former Consultant, Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland Former Executive Vice President, Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia

## Roger A. Cregg (1) (3) (4)

Former President and Chief Executive Officer AV Homes, Inc.

## Nancy Avila (4)

Executive Vice President, Chief Information and Technology Officer McKesson Corporation

## Jacqueline P. Kane (2)

Retired Executive Vice President of

Human Resources and Corporate Affairs The Clorox Company

## Richard G. Lindner (1) (2) (3)

Retired Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer AT&amp;T, Inc.

## Jennifer Sampson (4)

McDermott-Templeton President and Chief Executive Officer United Way of Metropolitan Dallas

Derek Kerr

(1)

Vice Chair and Strategic Advisor

American Airlines Group Inc. and President, American Eagle

## SENIOR LEADERSHIP TEAM

## Curtis C. Farmer

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

## Von E. Hays

Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel

## James J. Herzog

Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

## Cassandra M. McKinney

Executive Vice President, Retail Bank

## Wendy W. Bridges

Executive Vice President, Corporate Responsibility

## Christine M. Moore

Executive Vice President, Chief Auditor

## Megan D. Burkhart

Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer

## Jay K. Oberg

Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer

## J. McGregor Carr

Executive Vice President, Wealth Management

## Peter L. Sefzik

Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Banking Officer

## Melinda A. Chausse

Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Credit Officer

## James H. Weber

Executive Vice President, Chief Experience Officer

## Megan D. Crespi

Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer

- One Comerica ●
- A Force For Good
- Trust. Act. Own.

<!-- image -->

BILLION $2.7

in green loans and commitments as of 12/31/22

<!-- image -->

## 2022 Company Highlights

Reached ~85% of

<!-- image -->

BILLION $5

commitment to small business lending from 2021-2023

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

of Comerica's U.S. employees are racial/ethnic minorities of Comerica's managers are female

42%

53%

## 100% OF BUSINESS UNITS ACHIEVED AN 'OUTSTANDING' RATING ON DEI PERFORMANCE GOALS

<!-- image -->

Expanded Southeast Market to include South Carolina and Georgia

Ranked among Newsweek's listing of America's Most Responsible Companies

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

GHG reduction achieved early 1

Announced new office locations in Frisco, Texas, and Farmington Hills, Michigan.

small business bootcamps

## HOSTED MORE THAN

2,000

<!-- image -->

APPROXIMATELY

79,000

<!-- image -->

individuals from low- to moderate-income communities reached by Comerica $ense financial education programs

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## HOURS 66,000 OVER

of volunteer time equating to more than $1.9 million donated to nonprofits by Comerica colleagues

RECORD REVENUE

(in billions)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## RECORD EPS 2

<!-- image -->

## COMERICA'S CORE VALUES

## ONE COMERICA

<!-- image -->

We believe that growth is achieved when our colleagues act with common purpose in support of shared goals.

## THE CUSTOMER COMES FIRST

## THE BIGGER POSSIBLE

<!-- image -->

We put our customers at the center of every conversation and make their satisfaction our highest priority.

<!-- image -->

We encourage a culture of bold and relentless curiosity, where any idea has a chance to be heard.

## A FORCE FOR GOOD

<!-- image -->

We value empathy and integrity as we work to create a more diverse, inclusive and sustainable workplace, and world.

Named a 2022 Best Employer for Women by Forbes

## EFFICIENCY RATIO

<!-- image -->

## TRUST. ACT. OWN.

<!-- image -->

Everyone is empowered to do what's right, speak up, and be heard, while being accountable for their actions and commitments.

Curtis C. Farmer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

## New Era of Banking

The redesign of our corporate logo serves as a representation of Comerica's commitment to both our legacy and vision for the future. We retained our signature typeface and colors, but replaced the traditional trapezoid with a new design element of three ribbons representing our Commercial Bank, Retail Bank and Wealth Management - above the name to visually convey energy and symbolize Comerica's forward momentum.

Coupled with the logo redesign, we refreshed our core values, which reinforce our company's culture. The core values are intended to be simple, memorable, inspirational, and most importantly, actionable. They include:

- One Comerica
- The Customer Comes First
- The Bigger Possible
- A Force For Good
- Trust. Act. Own.

These core values represent the heart of our organization and will serve as our guiding principles as we build on our legacy.

We also announced transformational plans for our workplaces to become destinations of choice supporting talent retention and attraction. Two new offices, located in Farmington Hills, Michigan, and Frisco, Texas, will feature expanded technology capabilities and improved amenities that will inspire our colleagues and customers. These new spaces will energize colleagues while providing the choice of various environments to collaborate with others, interact formally and informally, and work independently, based on their needs for the day. They also represent an investment in our strategic vision and position the bank for future success.

## Enhancing Digital Capabilities

We made advancements in modernizing our technology and digital capabilities, building a scalable cloud-first platform to effectively deliver services to customers and colleagues with greater speed and agility. More than 70% of our business applications are operating in a cloud or software as a service model.

With the customers' needs always top of mind, we continued modernization efforts to core platforms. These enhancements allow us to improve operational success, while better equipping colleagues with the tools to deliver an enhanced customer experience. Our investments in technology cross the entire business, including migrating our financial planning systems to an industry-leading cloudbased solution, upgrading our retail mobile application, and modernizing our enterprise data capabilities.

By leveraging a modern set of digital and digitization tools to reimagine and reengineer critical customers journeys, we are even better equipped to meet the evolving needs of our customers. Our first two transformational customer journeys are improving the onboarding experience, allowing customers to quickly access the products and services they need to support their business. Our technology investments remain critical to our future, better positioning Comerica to deliver on its customer-first approach while improving colleague efficiency.

## Meeting Customers Where They Are

The way customers bank has continued to evolve, and the pandemic accelerated that pace of change. We have prioritized technology as customers further leverage digital channels to meet their banking needs. To assist both our customers and our colleagues in this digital banking transition, the Retail Bank is furthering its journey to compete and lead in a new era of hyper-competitive banking and

## TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

To my fellow shareholders,

Over the last two years, the global pandemic presented unprecedented challenges and, while its lingering effects remain, I am extremely proud of the work Comerica and our colleagues have put forth in continuing to support our colleagues, customers and communities. This unique time in history has taught us so much, enabling us to further strengthen the organization. Our relationship-focused approach has served as the cornerstone of Comerica's success for more than 173 years, but through this process we have learned relationships can be fostered in new and various ways. We have reignited in-person interactions that we have long missed during the pandemic, but we have also developed innovative ways of working and building relationships to engage in whichever manner most effectively meets the needs of the customer, colleague or situation.

Despite the challenges, 2022 served as an inflection point for our company. We entered the year focused on addressing important priorities centered on our colleagues, customers, community and performance. Comerica and our more than 7,400 employees, while establishing our company's vision for the future, delivered on our promise of raising expectations by helping the bank achieve a record-level performance, strengthening our local communities and enhancing customer service.

elevated consumer/business expectations. This long-term process allows us to identify areas where we can improve in delivering the optimal banking experience for both the customer and our colleagues.

We are adding more dedicated roles to enable colleagues to spend more time with customers and build on our relationship approach to banking. Investing in colleagues allows us to redevelop them in the areas most important to our customers. We are also enhancing technology and processes that streamline customer interactions and eliminate potential challenges. Lastly, we are redesigning the banking center model to optimize the customer experience and modernize the look, feel and functionality of our banking centers.

## Expanding Comerica's Presence

One of our many strengths has been our diversified geographic footprint that spans coast to coast. We have offices in 14 of the 15 largest metropolitan areas in the United States, yielding opportunities for growth. In 2021, we identified the Southeast as an area for growth. We established our new Southeast Market originating in North Carolina with middle market and wealth management expertise, supplementing the ongoing business activity already occurring in the region.

In 2022, we opened a new office in Raleigh, North Carolina, our Southeast Market headquarters, as well as an office in Charlotte. Our third office will soon open in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, in early 2023. We also announced the next phase for our Southeast strategy, expanding into South Carolina and Georgia, with commercial banking offices in Charleston and Greenville, South Carolina, and a private banking office in Atlanta, Georgia. Additional growth initiatives in the region and across Florida have included new commercial banking roles in Tampa, Jacksonville and Boca Raton, along with wealth and private banking roles in Miami and Tampa. Exporting our business model to this important new market accelerates growth potential, creates additional brand recognition, and introduces Comerica's long history of serving its customers to a new customer base.

Along with our expansion in the Southeast, we announced additional Middle Market and Business Banking resources for our newly established Mountain West region, promoting growth across Arizona and Colorado.

## Transformational Leadership

In this evolving landscape, it is more important than ever to have the right leadership and organizational structure to execute on our strategy and drive our company into the future. Throughout 2022, we successfully attracted talent, particularly in key leadership roles such as Payments, Small Business, Technology and more, to balance new, transformational thinking with proven Comerica experience. Further, we continued to realign our structure to drive more synergistic collaboration and enhance agility. Our people are our strongest asset, and I am confident in the leadership we have at all levels of our organization in guiding our colleagues to deliver an elevated customer experience.

## Fulfilling Our Promise to The Communities

Comerica excels at cultivating relationships and those we foster with our local communities lead to impactful and powerful partnerships. Our bank succeeds when the communities we serve thrive and when we continue to exercise our commitment to help others as a force for good. The pandemic and its prolonged effects have impacted communities, nonprofits and small businesses, and we have stepped up to meet the challenges and aid in the ongoing recovery.

As a trusted resource for financial education, Comerica's colleagues empower our communities with important lessons and resources. Through our Comerica $ense financial education program, our positive impact was felt, reaching more than 79,000 individuals from low- to moderate-income communities. We support small businesses and entrepreneurs as we share our expertise and knowledge while, at the same time, raise awareness of resources to ensure their long-term success. In 2022, we hosted over 2,000 small business bootcamps to help meet their needs.

Striving to be a force for good, we achieved around 85% of our three-year goal to provide $5 billion in small business loans and deployed unique solutions such as our latest project, Comerica BusinessHQ. This initiative complements our support for small businesses and entrepreneurs by creating collaborative spaces that offer integral services and value to small businesses in the Southern sector of Dallas. Renovation of our South Dallas location will transform it into a community resource, offering coworking spaces, incubation fellowships and technical assistance. The goal is to address three essential needs of aspiring small businesses: capital, cultivation and connectivity.

Our colleagues continued to display their commitment to positively impacting our communities. Their dedication to volunteering and offering their talents allowed us to surpass our targeted 2022 goal, with volunteers recording more than 66,000 hours - translating to over $1.9 million worth of time invested back into our local communities.

## Stewards For a Brighter Future

We are proud of our longstanding commitment to protect and preserve a sustainable future. Comerica remains dedicated to identifying ways to deliver positive outcomes that support the needs of future generations. Our commitment is reflected in publishing Comerica's inaugural Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) report. This report highlights our long history in the sustainability and climate space and introduces Comerica's climate commitment to support our customers, integrate climate matters into our business and continue to reduce our environmental footprint.

We expanded the Environmental Services Department with the introduction of the Renewable Energy Solutions Group, which complements our renewable energy business and reinforces our commitment to sustainability. To date, the division produced $350 million in loans, contributing to our total $2.7 billion in green loans and commitments - up 60% over 2021.

Following a two-year absence due to the pandemic, we rejoined our partner Iron Mountain to reestablish our signature Shred Day events in Dallas/Fort Worth, Detroit, Houston and Phoenix. These events have remained a fixture in our local communities and serve as an integral part of our corporate responsibility commitment. In 2022, our communities rallied to securely shred their sensitive documents and help stock the shelves for local food pantries by shredding more than 449,000 pounds of paper and collecting more than 15,000 pounds of food. Since the event's inception in 2008, we have collected more than 6.2 million pounds of paper for recycling, while providing 1.4 million meals for local residents.

We are proud of the recognition our sustainability efforts have received, placing Comerica in the same category with some of the country's largest companies. For the fourth consecutive year, we were named to Newsweek's list of America's Most Responsible Companies. The Center for Climate and Energy Solutions and The Climate Registry inducted Comerica into its Hall of Fame, celebrating exemplary corporate, organization and individual leadership in response to climate change. And as a Texas-headquartered company, Texan by Nature recognized us as a 2022 TxN 20 honoree for leadership in conservation and sustainability.

## Success Through Diversity

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) at Comerica are woven into the essence of who we are and how we act. Our commitment to our colleagues, customers and communities supports success for all.

We continued to track the progress of our diversity initiatives. Our DEI Scorecard measures progress on our diversity initiatives, ensuring we are meeting documented short- and long-term goals. In 2022, 100% of business units met their DEI performance goals with all grading at a minimum of 'Outstanding' for the performance rating.

Advancing Comerica's culture to attract, develop and retain talent as a DEI strategic priority continued to accelerate with the 'Comerica Together' program. We educated senior leaders to improve their ability to lead inclusively, facilitated sessions with Comerica leadership to advance cultural and empathy competency, conducted a leadership assessment of our organization and its values and missions, launched a corporate-wide communication campaign to build a common DEI language and finalized a go forward DEI vision.

Pursuit to continuously improve DEI initiatives and the recognition our initiatives received have us confident we are moving on the right path. Comerica was proudly named a Best Employer for Women by Forbes and one of the Best U.S. Companies for Diversity by the National Diversity Council.

## Strong Financial Performance

Our strong performance resulted in another record year with 2022 earnings per share of $8.47. Most business lines contributed to loan growth of 3%, or 8% excluding PPP activity, our highest organic growth rate in well over a decade. Following a significant increase driven by government stimulus in 2021, average deposits declined to $75.5 billion as customers utilized excess cash, and we executed strategic pricing actions. Despite the decline, our loan to deposit ratio was 75%, well below our historical average, and we feel confident in our ability to fund loan growth.

Strong, broad-based loan growth and management of loan and deposit pricing in a rising rate environment drove revenue to an all-time high of over $3.5 billion. Prudent expense discipline generated an efficiency ratio of 56%.

Credit remained excellent as evidenced by net charge-offs of only 3 basis points and problem assets remain well below our historical norm. In summary, we produced exceptional results with an ROE of 18.6% and an ROA of 1.32%.

It was a banner year, and I am excited about Comerica's direction as we continue to chart a new course in the bank's 173-year history. The accomplishments and milestones we continue to eclipse are a testament to the unwavering dedication of our colleagues who share in our commitment of raising expectations. As our most important asset, our colleagues power our progress, and their efforts will continue to build on Comerica's historic legacy. Further, ongoing shareholder support of our company, results and vision remains invaluable, and we remain grateful for your continued investment.

Sincerely,

Curtis C. Farmer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

☒ Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

Or

☐ Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the transition period from \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Commission file number 1-10706

## Comerica Incorporated

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

38-1998421

(IRS Employer Identification Number)

Comerica Bank Tower 1717 Main Street, MC 6404 Dallas, Texas 75201

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(214) 462-6831

(Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of

## the Exchange Act:

| Title of each class  Trading symbol  Name of each exchange on which registered  Common Stock, $5 par value  CMA  New York Stock Exchange   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the

## Exchange Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ý

No

o

Indicate by check mark if registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o

No ý

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ý No o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ý No o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☒

Accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☐

Smaller reporting company ☐

Emerging growth company

☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ý

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐

No ý

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in this filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  any  of  those  error  corrections  are  restatements  that  require  a  recovery  analysis  of  incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). o

At June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the registrant's common stock, $5 par value, held by non-affiliates had an aggregate market value of approximately $9.5 billion based on the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on that date of $73.38 per share. For purposes of this Form 10-K only, it has been assumed that all common shares Comerica's Trust Department holds for Comerica's employee plans, and all common shares the registrant's directors and executive officers hold, are shares held by affiliates.

At February 10, 2023, the registrant had outstanding 131,352,922 shares of its common stock, $5 par value.

## Documents Incorporated by Reference:

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| PART I  1  Item 1. Business.  1  Item 1A. Risk Factors.  13  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.  24  Item 2. Properties.  24  Item 3. Legal Proceedings.  24  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  24  PART II  25  Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity  Securities.  25  Item 6. Reserved.  25  Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  25  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  25  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  26  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  26  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.  26  Item 9B. Other Information.  26  Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.  26  PART III  26  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.  26  Item 11. Executive Compensation.  27  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder  Matters.  27  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  27  Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.  27  PART IV  28  Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.  28  Item 16. Form 10-K Summary.  32  FINANCIAL REVIEW AND REPORTS  F-1  SIGNATURES  S-1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PART I Item 1. Business.

## GENERAL

Comerica  Incorporated  ('Comerica')  is  a  financial  services  company,  incorporated  under  the  laws  of  the  State  of Delaware in 1973, and headquartered in Dallas, Texas. Based on total assets as reported in the most recently filed Consolidated Financial Statements for Bank Holding Companies (FR Y-9C), it was among the 25 largest commercial United States ('U.S.') financial  holding  companies. As of December 31, 2022, Comerica owned directly or indirectly all the outstanding common stock of 2 active banking subsidiaries (Comerica Bank, a Texas banking association, and Comerica Bank &amp; Trust, National Association) and 28 non-banking subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, Comerica had total assets of approximately $85.4 billion, total  deposits  of  approximately  $71.4  billion,  total  loans  of  approximately  $53.4  billion  and  shareholders'  equity  of approximately $5.2 billion.

Comerica has strategically aligned its operations into three major business segments: the Commercial Bank, the Retail Bank, and Wealth Management. In addition to the three major business segments, Finance is also reported as a segment.

Comerica operates in three primary geographic markets - Texas, California, and Michigan, as well as in Arizona and Florida, with select businesses operating in several other states, and in Canada and Mexico.

We provide information about the net interest income and noninterest income we received from our various classes of products and services: (1) under the caption, 'Analysis of Net Interest Income' starting on page F-4 of the Financial Section of this  report;  (2)  under  the  caption  'Rate/Volume  Analysis'  starting  on  page  F-5  of  the  Financial  Section  of  this  report;  and (3) under the caption 'Noninterest Income' starting on page F-6 of the Financial Section of this report.

## COMPETITION

The financial services business is highly competitive. Comerica and its subsidiaries mainly compete in their primary geographic  markets  covering  the  major  metropolitan  areas  in  Texas,  California,  and  Michigan,  as  well  as  in  Arizona  and Florida. In addition, they compete throughout the continental U.S., Mexico and Canada as they pursue certain businesses on a national scale that fall outside of the primary markets, such as U.S. Banking, Mortgage Banker, Environmental Services and National Dealer Services. They have strategically placed offices in faster growing markets where there is a concentration of customers  and  industries  they  serve.  Comerica  has  recently  expanded  its  presence  in  the  Southeastern  U.S.  by  establishing commercial  offices  in  North  Carolina  and  South  Carolina,  as  well  as  a  private  banking  office  in  Georgia.  Additionally, Comerica is making investments in the Mountain West region of the United States.

Comerica  is  subject  to  competition  with  respect  to  various  products  and  services,  including,  without  limitation, commercial  products  such  as  loans  and  lines  of  credit,  deposits,  cash  management  (including  payments  solutions  and  card services), capital markets, international trade finance, letters of credit, foreign exchange management and loan syndications; consumer products such as loans, deposits and origination of mortgage loans and credit cards; and wealth management services such  as  fiduciary,  private  banking,  retirement,  securities-based  lending,  investment  management  and  advisory,  investment banking, brokerage and the sale of annuities and life, disability and long-term care insurance products.

Comerica competes largely on the basis of industry expertise, the range of products and services offered, pricing and reputation, convenience, quality of service, responsiveness to customer needs and the overall customer relationship. Comerica's competitors  include  financial  institutions  of  all  sizes.  Some  of  Comerica's  larger  competitors,  including  certain  nationwide banks that have a significant presence in Comerica's markets, may have a broader array of products and structure alternatives and, due to their size, may more easily absorb credit losses. Some of Comerica's competitors (larger or smaller) may have more liberal lending policies and aggressive pricing standards for loans, deposits and services.

Increasingly, Comerica competes with other companies based on financial technology and capabilities, such as mobile banking  applications  and  funds  transfer.  Further,  Comerica's  competitors  may  be  subject  to  significantly  different  or  lesser regulation due to their asset size or types of products offered. Some competitors may also have the ability to more efficiently utilize resources to comply with regulations or may be able to more effectively absorb the cost of regulations.

In  addition  to  banks,  Comerica  and  its  banking  subsidiaries  also  face  competition  from  financial  intermediaries, including  savings  and  loan  associations,  consumer  and  commercial  finance  companies,  leasing  companies,  venture  capital funds, credit unions, investment banks, insurance companies and securities firms. Competition among providers of financial products and services continues to increase as technology advances have lowered the barriers to entry for financial technology companies,  with  customers  having  the  opportunity  to  select  from  a  growing  variety  of  traditional  and  nontraditional alternatives, including crowdfunding, digital wallets and money transfer services. The ability of non-banks to provide services previously  limited  to  traditional  banks  has  intensified  competition.  Because  non-banks  are  not  subject  to  many  of  the  same regulatory  restrictions  as  banks  and  bank  holding  companies,  they  can  often  operate  with  greater  flexibility  and  lower  cost structures.

Finally, the industry continues to consolidate, which eliminates some regional and local institutions, while potentially strengthening acquirers. Comerica believes that the level of competition in all geographic markets will continue to increase in the future.

## SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

Banks,  bank  holding  companies,  and  financial  institutions  are  highly  regulated  at  both  the  state  and  federal  level. Comerica is subject to supervision and regulation at the federal level by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System through the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas ('FRB') under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. Comerica Bank is chartered by the State of Texas and at the state level is supervised and regulated by the Texas Department of Banking under the Texas Finance Code and the Texas Administrative Code. Comerica Bank has elected to be a member of the Federal Reserve System under the Federal Reserve Act and, consequently, is supervised and regulated by the FRB. Comerica Bank &amp; Trust,  National  Association  is  chartered  under  federal  law  and  is  subject  to  supervision  and  regulation  by  the  Office  of  the Comptroller of the Currency ('OCC') under the National Bank Act. Comerica Bank &amp; Trust, National Association, by virtue of being a national bank, is also a member of the Federal Reserve System. Furthermore, given that Comerica Bank is a bank with assets in excess of $10 billion dollars, it is subject to supervision and regulation by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") for  purposes  of  assessing  compliance  with  federal  consumer  financial  laws.  The  deposits  of  Comerica  Bank  and Comerica  Bank  &amp;  Trust,  National  Association  are  insured  by  the  Deposit  Insurance  Fund  ('DIF')  of  the  Federal  Deposit Insurance Corporation ('FDIC') to the extent provided by law, and therefore Comerica Bank and Comerica Bank &amp; Trust, National  Association  are  each  also  subject  to  regulation  and  examination  by  the  FDIC.  Certain  transactions  executed  by Comerica Bank are also subject to regulation by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ('CFTC'). The Department of Labor ('DOL') regulates financial institutions providing services to plans governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security  Act  of  1974.  Comerica  Bank's  Canada  branch  is  supervised  by  the  Office  of  the  Superintendent  of  Financial Institutions and its Mexico representative office is supervised by the Banco de México. Comerica Bank is also registered in the Cayman Islands and subject to supervision by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority.

The FRB supervises non-banking activities conducted by companies directly and indirectly owned by Comerica. In addition,  Comerica's  non-banking  subsidiaries  are  subject  to  supervision  and  regulation  by  various  state,  federal  and  selfregulatory agencies, including, but not limited to, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. ('FINRA'), the Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs of the State of Michigan, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board ('MSRB') and the Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  ('SEC')  (in  the  case  of  Comerica  Securities,  Inc.);  the  Department  of  Insurance  and Financial Services of the State of Michigan (in the case of Comerica Insurance Services, Inc.); and the DOL (in the case of Comerica Securities, Inc. and Comerica Insurance Services, Inc.).

Both  the  scope  of  the  laws  and  regulations  and  intensity  of  supervision  to  which  Comerica's  business  is  subject continue  to  increase  in  response  to  the  financial  crisis  as  well  as  other  factors  such  as  technological,  economic  and  market changes. Many of these changes have occurred as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the 'Dodd-Frank Act') and its implementing regulations, most of which are now in place. In 2018, with the passage of the Economic  Growth,  Regulatory  Relief  and  Consumer  Protection  Act  ('EGRRCPA'),  as  described  below,  there  was  some recalibration of the post-financial crisis framework; however, Comerica's business remains subject to extensive regulation and supervision.

Comerica is also subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, both as administered by the SEC, as well as the rules of the New York Stock Exchange.

Described below are material elements of selected laws and regulations applicable to Comerica and its subsidiaries. The descriptions are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes and regulations described. Changes in applicable law or regulation, and in their application by regulatory agencies, cannot be predicted, but they may have a material effect on the business of Comerica and its subsidiaries.

## Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act

On May 24, 2018, EGRRCPA was signed into law. Among other regulatory changes, EGRRCPA amended various sections of the Dodd-Frank Act, including section 165 of Dodd-Frank Act, which was revised to raise the asset thresholds for determining  the  application  of  enhanced  prudential  standards  for  bank  holding  companies.  Under  EGRRCPA  bank  holding companies  with  less  than  $100  billion  of  consolidated  assets,  including  Comerica,  are  exempt  from  all  of  the  Dodd-Frank enhanced  prudential  standards,  except  risk  committee  requirements.  As  a  result,  Comerica  currently  is  not  subject  to  the remaining Dodd-Frank Act enhanced prudential standards or certain capital and liquidity rules to large bank holding companies and depository institutions (the 'Tailoring Rules'). Should Comerica cross the $100 billion asset threshold and thus become a Category IV firm, it will be subject to additional and more stringent regulation, which includes, but is not limited to, enhanced prudential standards for U.S. banking organizations with $100 to $250 billion of consolidated assets such as supervisory-run

stress testing; internal liquidity stress testing; and liquidity buffer requirements. In addition, Comerica would be required to pay the supervision and regulation fee assessment under the Dodd-Frank Act.

## Requirements for Approval of Activities and Acquisitions

The  Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act  expanded  the  activities  in  which  a  bank  holding  company  registered  as  a  financial holding  company  can  engage.  Comerica  became  a  financial  holding  company  in  2000.  As  a  financial  holding  company, Comerica may affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies, and engage in activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature. Activities that are 'financial in nature' include, but are not limited to: securities underwriting; securities dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies (subject to regulatory requirements described below); insurance underwriting and agency; merchant banking; and activities that the FRB determines, in consultation with the Secretary of the United States Treasury, to be financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity. 'Complementary activities' are activities that the FRB determines upon application to be complementary to a financial activity and that do not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally.

In  order  to  maintain  its  status  as  a  financial  holding  company,  Comerica  and  each  of  its  depository  institution subsidiaries must each remain 'well capitalized' and 'well managed,' and Comerica, Comerica Bank and Comerica Bank &amp; Trust,  National  Association  are  each  'well  capitalized'  and  'well  managed'  under  FRB  standards.  If  Comerica  or  any subsidiary bank of Comerica were to cease being 'well capitalized' or 'well managed' under applicable regulatory standards, the  FRB  could  place  limitations  on  Comerica's  ability  to  conduct  the  broader  financial  activities  permissible  for  financial holding  companies  or  impose  limitations  or  conditions  on  the  conduct  or  activities  of  Comerica  or  its  affiliates.  If  the deficiencies  persisted,  the  FRB  could  order  Comerica  to  divest  any  subsidiary  bank  or  to  cease  engaging  in  any  activities permissible for financial holding companies that are not permissible for bank holding companies, or Comerica could elect to conform  its  non-banking  activities  to  those  permissible  for  a  bank  holding  company  that  is  not  also  a  financial  holding company.

In addition, the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 ('CRA') requires U.S. banks to help serve the credit needs of their communities. Comerica Bank's current rating under the CRA is 'Satisfactory.' If any subsidiary bank of Comerica were to receive a rating under the CRA of less than 'Satisfactory,' Comerica would be prohibited from engaging in certain activities.

Federal  and  state  laws  impose  notice  and  approval  requirements  for  mergers  and  acquisitions  of  other  depository institutions  or  bank  holding  companies.  In  many  cases,  no  FRB  approval  is  required  for  Comerica  to  acquire  a  company engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the FRB. Prior approval is required before Comerica may acquire the beneficial ownership or control of more than 5% of any class of voting shares or substantially all of the assets of a bank holding company (including a financial holding company) or a bank. In considering applications for approval of acquisitions, the banking regulators may take several factors into account, including whether Comerica and its subsidiaries are well capitalized and well managed, are in compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations, or have CRA ratings of less than 'Satisfactory.'

## Acquisitions of Ownership of Comerica

Acquisitions of Comerica's voting stock above certain thresholds are subject to prior regulatory notice or approval under federal banking laws, including the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978. Under the Change in Bank Control Act, a person or entity generally must provide prior notice to the FRB before acquiring the power to vote 10% or more of Comerica's outstanding common stock. Investors should be aware of these requirements when acquiring shares of Comerica's stock.

## Capital and Liquidity

Comerica and its bank subsidiaries are subject to risk-based capital requirements and guidelines imposed by the FRB, FDIC and/or the OCC. In calculating risk-based capital requirements, a depository institution's or holding company's assets and certain specified off-balance sheet items (such as unused commitments and standby letters of credit) are assigned to various risk categories defined by the FRB, each weighted differently based on the level of credit risk that is ascribed to such assets or commitments, based on counterparty type, asset class and maturity. A depository institution's or holding company's capital is divided into three tiers: Common Equity Tier 1 ('CET1'), additional Tier 1, and Tier 2. CET1 capital predominantly includes common shareholders' equity, less certain deductions for goodwill, intangible assets and deferred tax assets that arise from net operating  losses  and  tax  credit  carry-forwards,  if  any.  Additional  Tier  1  capital  primarily  includes  any  outstanding noncumulative  perpetual  preferred  stock  and  related  surplus.  Comerica  has  also  made  the  election  to  permanently  exclude accumulated other comprehensive income related to debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale, cash flow hedges, and defined benefit postretirement plans from CET1 capital. Tier 2 capital primarily includes qualifying subordinated debt and qualifying allowance for credit losses. More information is set forth in the 'Capital' section starting on page F-14.

Entities that engage in trading activities that exceed specified levels also are required to maintain capital to account for market risk. Market risk includes changes in the market value of trading account, foreign exchange, and commodity positions, whether resulting from broad market movements (such as changes in the general level of interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, or commodity prices) or from position specific factors. From time to time, Comerica's trading activities may exceed  specified  regulatory  levels,  in  which  case  Comerica  adjusts  its  risk-weighted  assets  to  account  for  market  risk  as required.

Comerica and its bank subsidiaries, like other bank holding companies and banks, currently are required to maintain a minimum CET1 capital ratio, minimum Tier 1 capital ratio and minimum total capital ratio equal to at least 4.5 percent, 6 percent and 8 percent of their total risk-weighted assets (including certain off-balance-sheet items, such as unused commitments and  standby  letters  of  credit),  respectively.  Comerica  and  its  bank  subsidiaries  are  required  to  maintain  a  minimum  capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percent in order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses. Comerica and its bank subsidiaries are also required to maintain a minimum 'leverage ratio' (Tier 1 capital to non-risk-adjusted average total assets) of 4 percent.

To be well capitalized, Comerica's bank subsidiaries are required to maintain a minimum leverage ratio, minimum CET1 capital ratio, minimum Tier 1 capital ratio and minimum total capital ratio equal to at least 5.0 percent, 6.5 percent, 8.0 percent and 10.0 percent, respectively. For purposes of the FRB's Regulation Y, including determining whether a bank holding company meets the requirements to be a financial holding company, bank holding companies, such as Comerica, must maintain a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.0 percent and a total capital ratio of at least 10.0 percent to be well capitalized. The FRB may require bank holding companies, including Comerica, to maintain capital ratios substantially in excess of mandated minimum levels, depending upon general economic conditions and a bank holding company's particular condition, risk profile and growth plans.

Failure to be well capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional  discretionary  actions  by  regulators,  including  restrictions  on  Comerica's  or  its  bank  subsidiaries'  ability  to  pay dividends or otherwise distribute capital or to receive regulatory approval of applications, or other restrictions on growth.

At December 31, 2022, Comerica met all of its minimum risk-based capital ratio and leverage ratio requirements plus the applicable capital conservation buffer and the applicable well capitalized requirements, as shown in the table below:

| (dollar amounts in millions)  Comerica  Incorporated  (Consolidated)  Comerica  Bank  December 31, 2022  CET1 capital (minimum $3.5 billion (Consolidated))  $  7,884  $  7,801  Tier 1 capital (minimum $4.7 billion (Consolidated))  8,278  7,801  Total capital (minimum $6.3 billion (Consolidated))  9,817  9,190  Risk-weighted assets  78,871  78,781  Average assets (fourth quarter)  86,726  86,608  CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-4.5%)  10.00 %  9.90 %  Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-6.0%)  10.50  9.90  Total capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-8.0%)  12.45  11.67  Tier 1 capital to average assets (minimum-4.0%)  9.55  9.01  Capital conservation buffer (minimum-2.5%)  4.45  3.67  December 31, 2021  CET1 capital (minimum $3.1 billion (Consolidated))  $  7,064  $  7,634  Tier 1 capital (minimum $4.2 billion (Consolidated))  7,458  7,634  Total capital (minimum $5.6 billion (Consolidated))  8,608  8,584  Risk-weighted assets  69,708  69,542  Average assets (fourth quarter)  96,417  96,216  CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-4.5%)  10.13  %  10.98  %  Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-6.0%)  10.70  10.98  Total capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-8.0%)  12.35  12.34  Tier 1 capital to average assets (minimum-4.0%)  7.74  7.93  Capital conservation buffer (minimum-2.5%)  4.35  4.34   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additional information on the calculation of Comerica's and its bank subsidiaries' CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital, total capital and risk-weighted assets is set forth in the 'Capital' section starting on page F-14 of the Financial Section of this report and Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements starting on page F-88 of the Financial Section of this report.

## Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act ('FDICIA') requires, among other things, the federal banking agencies to take 'prompt corrective action' with respect to depository institutions that do not meet certain minimum capital  requirements.  FDICIA  establishes  five  capital  tiers:  'well  capitalized,'  'adequately  capitalized,'  'undercapitalized,' 'significantly undercapitalized' and 'critically undercapitalized.' An institution that fails to remain well capitalized becomes subject  to  a  series  of  restrictions  that  increase  in  severity  as  its  capital  condition  weakens.  Such  restrictions  may  include  a prohibition on capital distributions, restrictions on asset growth or restrictions on the ability to receive regulatory approval of applications.  The  FDICIA  also  provides  for  enhanced  supervisory  authority  over  undercapitalized  institutions,  including authority for the appointment of a conservator or receiver for the institution.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  each  of  Comerica's  bank  subsidiaries'  capital  ratios  exceeded  those  required  for  an institution to be considered 'well capitalized' under these regulations.

As an additional means to identify problems in the financial management of depository institutions, FDICIA requires federal bank regulatory agencies to establish certain non-capital-based safety and soundness standards for institutions any such agency  supervises.  The  standards  relate  generally  to,  among  others,  earnings,  liquidity,  operations  and  management,  asset quality, various risk and  management  exposures  (e.g.,  credit, operational, market, interest rate, etc.)  and  executive compensation. The agencies are authorized to take action against institutions that fail to meet such standards.

FDICIA also contains a variety of other provisions that may affect the operations of depository institutions including reporting  requirements,  regulatory  standards  for  real  estate  lending,  'truth  in  savings'  provisions,  the  requirement  that  a depository  institution  give  90  days  prior  notice  to  customers  and  regulatory  authorities  before  closing  any  branch,  and  a prohibition  on  the  acceptance  or  renewal  of  brokered  deposits  by  depository  institutions  that  are  not  well  capitalized  or  are adequately capitalized and have not received a waiver from the FDIC.

## Dividends

Comerica Incorporated is a legal entity separate and distinct from its banking and other subsidiaries. Since Comerica's consolidated  net  income  and  liquidity  consists  largely  of  net  income  of  and  dividends  received  from  Comerica's  bank subsidiaries,  Comerica's  ability  to  pay  dividends  and  repurchase  shares  depends  upon  its  receipt  of  dividends  from  these subsidiaries.  There  are  statutory  and  regulatory  requirements  applicable  to  the  payment  of  dividends  by  subsidiary  banks  to Comerica,  as  well  as  by  Comerica  to  its  shareholders.  Certain,  but  not  all,  of  these  requirements  are  discussed  below.  No assurances can be given that Comerica's bank subsidiaries will, in any circumstances, pay dividends to Comerica.

Comerica Bank and Comerica Bank &amp; Trust, National Association are  required  by  federal  law  to  obtain  the  prior approval  of  the  FRB  and/or  the  OCC,  as  the  case  may  be,  for  the  declaration  and  payment  of  dividends,  if  the  total  of  all dividends  declared  by  the  board  of  directors  of  such  bank  in  any  calendar  year  will  exceed  the  total  of  (i)  such  bank's  net income (as defined and interpreted by regulation) for that year plus (ii) the retained net income (as defined and interpreted by regulation) for the preceding two years, less any required transfers to surplus or to fund the retirement of preferred stock. At January 1, 2023, Comerica's subsidiary banks could declare aggregate dividends of approximately $506 million from retained net profits of the preceding two years. Comerica's subsidiary banks declared dividends of $1.0 billion in 2022, $852 million in 2021 and $498 million in 2020.

Comerica  and  its  bank  subsidiaries  must  maintain  a  CET1  capital  conservation  buffer  of  2.5%  to  avoid  becoming subject to restrictions on capital distributions, including dividends.

Furthermore, federal regulatory agencies can prohibit a bank or bank holding company from paying dividends under circumstances in which such payment could be deemed an unsafe and unsound banking practice. Under the FDICIA 'prompt corrective  action'  regime  discussed  above,  which  applies  to  each  of  Comerica  Bank  and  Comerica  Bank  &amp;  Trust,  National Association, a bank is specifically prohibited from paying dividends to its parent company if payment would result in the bank becoming 'undercapitalized.' In addition, Comerica Bank is also subject to limitations under Texas state law regarding the amount of earnings that may be paid out as dividends to Comerica and requires prior approval for payments of dividends that exceed certain levels.

FRB supervisory guidance generally provides that a bank holding company should not maintain its existing rate of dividends on common stock unless (1) the organization's net income over the past year has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, (2) the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with the organization's capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition and (3) the organization will continue to meet minimum required capital adequacy ratios. The supervisory guidance also provides that a bank holding company should inform the FRB reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the bank holding company's capital structure. Bank holding companies also are required to consult with the FRB before redeeming or repurchasing capital instruments, or materially increasing dividends.

## Transactions with Affiliates

Federal  banking  laws  and  regulations  impose  qualitative  standards  and  quantitative  limitations  upon  certain transactions between a bank and its affiliates, including between Comerica and its nonbank subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Comerica's affiliate insured depository institutions, on the other. For example, Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act limits the  aggregate  outstanding  amount  of  any  insured  depository  institution's  loans  and  other  'covered  transactions'  with  any particular nonbank affiliate (including financial subsidiaries) to no more than 10% of the institution's total capital and limits the aggregate outstanding amount of any insured depository institution's covered transactions with all of its nonbank affiliates to no more than 20% of its total capital. 'Covered transactions' are defined by statute to include (i) a loan or extension of credit to an affiliate, (ii) a purchase of securities issued by an affiliate, (iii) a purchase of assets (unless otherwise exempted by the FRB) from the affiliate, (iv) the acceptance of securities issued by the affiliate as collateral for a loan, (v) the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance  or  letter  of  credit  on  behalf  of  an  affiliate  and  (vi)  securities  borrowing  or  lending  transactions  and  derivative transactions  with  an  affiliate,  to  the  extent  that  either  causes  a  bank  or  its  affiliate  to  have  credit  exposure  to  the  securities borrowing/lending or derivative counterparty. Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act also generally requires that an insured depository institution's loans to its nonbank affiliates be, at a minimum, 100% secured, and Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act generally requires that an insured depository institution's transactions with its nonbank affiliates be on terms and under circumstances  that  are  substantially  the  same  or  at  least  as  favorable  as  those  prevailing  for  comparable  transactions  with nonaffiliates.  Federal  banking  laws  also  place  similar  restrictions  on  loans  and  other  extensions  of  credit  by  FDIC-insured banks,  such  as  Comerica  Bank  and  Comerica  Bank  &amp;  Trust,  National  Association,  and  their  subsidiaries  to  their  directors, executive officers and principal shareholders.

## Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation

Comerica is subject to many U.S. federal, U.S. state and international laws and regulations governing consumer data privacy  protection,  which  require,  among  other  things,  maintaining  policies  and  procedures  to  protect  the  non-public confidential  information  of  customers  and  employees.  The  privacy  provisions  of  the  Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act  generally prohibit financial institutions, including Comerica and its subsidiaries, from disclosing nonpublic personal financial information of consumer customers to third parties for certain purposes (primarily marketing) unless customers have the opportunity to 'opt out' of the disclosure. Other laws and regulations, at the international, federal and state levels, limit Comerica's ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact customers with marketing  offers.  The  Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act  also  requires  banks  to  implement  a  comprehensive  information  security program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information.

On November 18, 2021, the  federal  banking  regulators  issued  the  final  rule  regarding  Computer-Security  Incident Notification Requirements for Banking Organizations and Their Service Providers, which became effective April 1, 2022 and requires a bank to notify its primary federal regulator of certain cybersecurity incidents within thirty-six (36) hours after the bank determines that a cybersecurity incident has occurred. The rule defines what constitutes a reportable incident and also requires bank service providers to provide notice to their respective banking organization customers of certain cybersecurity incidents.

Data privacy and data protection are areas of increasing state legislative focus. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the 'CCPA'), which became effective on January 1, 2020, applies to for-profit businesses that conduct business in California and meet certain revenue or data collection thresholds. The CCPA gives consumers the right to request disclosure of information collected about them, and whether that information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request  deletion  of  personal  information  (subject  to  certain  exceptions),  the  right  to  opt  out  of  the  sale  of  the  consumer's personal  information,  and  the  right  not  to  be  discriminated  against  for  exercising  these  rights.  The  CCPA  contains  several exemptions, including an exemption applicable to information that is collected, processed, sold or disclosed pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act.  Additionally,  in  November  of  2020,  California  voters  approved  the  adoption  of  the  California Privacy Rights Act (the 'CPRA'), which is effective as of January 1, 2023, and which, among other things, expands certain consumer rights granted under the CCPA. Comerica has a physical footprint in California and is required to comply with both the CCPA and CPRA. Similar laws have also been adopted by other states, including the state of Colorado, where Comerica does business but does not have banking centers, and may be adopted by other states in the future. For example, the Michigan legislature is currently considering a consumer privacy rights law, which could potentially impact Comerica due to its physical presence in Michigan. The federal government may also pass data privacy or data protection legislation.

Like other lenders, Comerica Bank and other of Comerica's subsidiaries use credit bureau data in their underwriting activities. Use of such data is regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act ('FCRA'), and the FCRA also regulates reporting information to credit bureaus, prescreening individuals for credit offers, sharing of information between affiliates, and using affiliate data for marketing purposes. Similar state laws may impose additional requirements on Comerica and its subsidiaries.

## FDIC Insurance Assessments

The DIF provides deposit insurance coverage for certain deposits up to $250,000 per depositor in each deposit account category.  Comerica's  subsidiary  banks  are  subject  to  FDIC  deposit  insurance  assessments  to  maintain  the  DIF.  The  FDIC imposes a risk-based deposit premium assessment system, where the assessment rates for an insured depository institution are determined by an assessment rate calculator, which is based on a number of elements to measure the risk each institution poses to the DIF. The assessment rate is applied to total average assets less tangible equity. Under the current system, premiums are assessed quarterly and could increase if, for example, criticized loans and/or other higher risk assets increase or balance sheet liquidity decreases. For 2022, Comerica's FDIC insurance expense totaled $31 million.

On October 18, 2022, the FDIC finalized a rule that would increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by 2 basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The FDIC, as required under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, established a plan in September 2020 to restore the DIF reserve ratio to meet or exceed the statutory minimum of 1.35 percent within eight years. This plan did not include an increase in the deposit insurance assessment rate. Based on the FDIC's recent projections, however, the FDIC determined that the DIF reserve ratio is at risk of not reaching the statutory minimum  by  the  statutory  deadline  of  September  30,  2028  without  increasing  the  deposit  insurance  assessment  rates.  The increased  assessment  would  improve  the  likelihood  that  the  DIF  reserve  ratio  would  reach  the  required  minimum  by  the statutory deadline, consistent with the FDIC's Amended Restoration Plan. The rule is effective as of January 1, 2023.

## Anti-Money Laundering Regulations

Comerica is subject  to  several  federal  laws  that  are  designed  to  combat  money  laundering,  terrorist  financing,  and transactions with persons, companies or foreign governments designated by U.S. authorities ("AML laws"). This category of laws  includes  the  Bank  Secrecy  Act,  the  Money  Laundering  Control  Act,  and  the  Uniting  and  Strengthening  America  by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, or USA PATRIOT Act.

The AML laws and their implementing regulations require insured depository institutions, broker-dealers, and certain other  financial  institutions  to  have  policies,  procedures,  and  controls  to  detect,  prevent,  and  report  money  laundering  and terrorist financing. The AML laws and their regulations also provide for information sharing, subject to conditions, between federal  law  enforcement  agencies  and  financial  institutions,  as  well  as  among  financial  institutions,  for  counter-terrorism purposes.  Federal  banking  regulators  are  required,  when  reviewing  bank  holding  company  acquisition  and  bank  merger applications, to take into account the effectiveness of the anti-money laundering activities of the applicants. To comply with these obligations, Comerica and its various operating units have implemented appropriate internal practices, procedures, and controls.

## Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation

The  Office  of  Foreign  Assets  Control  ('OFAC')  is  responsible  for  administering  economic  sanctions  that  affect transactions  with  designated  foreign  countries,  nationals  and  others,  as  defined  by  various  Executive  Orders  and  Acts  of Congress. OFAC-administered sanctions take many different forms. For example, sanctions may include: (1) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to, making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (2) a blocking of assets in which the government or 'specially designated nationals' of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S.  jurisdiction  (including  property  in  the  possession  or  control  of  U.S.  persons).  OFAC  also  publishes  lists  of  persons, organizations,  and  countries  suspected  of  aiding,  harboring  or  engaging  in  terrorist  acts,  known  as  Specially  Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Blocked assets (e.g., property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences.

## Interstate Banking and Branching

The  Interstate  Banking  and  Branching  Efficiency  Act  (the  'Interstate  Act'),  as  amended  by  the  Dodd-Frank  Act, permits  a  bank  holding  company,  with  FRB  approval,  to  acquire  banking  institutions  located  in  states  other  than  the  bank holding company's home state without regard to whether the transaction is prohibited under state law, but subject to any state requirement that the bank has been organized and operating for a minimum period of time, not to exceed five years, and the requirement that the bank holding company, prior to and following the proposed acquisition, control no more than 10 percent of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions in the U.S. and no more than 30 percent of such deposits in that state (or such amount as established by state law if such amount is lower than 30 percent). The Interstate Act, as amended, also authorizes banks to operate branch offices outside their home states by merging with out-of-state banks, purchasing branches in other  states  and  by  establishing de  novo branches  in  other  states,  subject  to  various  conditions.  In  the  case  of  purchasing branches in a state in which it does not already have banking operations, de novo interstate branching is permissible if under the law of the state in which the branch is to be located, a state bank chartered by that state would be permitted to establish the

branch.  A  bank  holding  company  or  bank  must  be  well  capitalized  and  well  managed  in  order  to  take  advantage  of  these interstate banking and branching provisions.

Comerica has consolidated the majority of its banking business into one bank, Comerica Bank, with banking centers in Texas, Arizona, California, Florida and Michigan, as well as Canada.

## Source of Strength and Cross-Guarantee Requirements

Federal law and FRB regulations require that bank holding companies serve as a source of strength to each subsidiary bank  and  commit  resources  to  support  each  subsidiary  bank.  This  support  may  be  required  at  times  when  a  bank  holding company may not be able to provide such support without adversely affecting its ability to meet other obligations. The FRB may require  a  bank  holding  company  to  make  capital  injections  into  a  troubled  subsidiary  bank  and  may  charge  the  bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices if the bank holding company fails to commit resources to such a  subsidiary  bank  or  if  it  undertakes  actions  that  the  FRB  believes  might  jeopardize  the  bank  holding  company's  ability  to commit  resources  to  such  subsidiary  bank.  Under  these  requirements,  Comerica  may  in  the  future  be  required  to  provide financial assistance to its subsidiary banks should they experience financial distress. Capital loans by Comerica to its subsidiary banks would be subordinate in right of payment to deposits and certain other debts of the subsidiary banks. In the event of Comerica's  bankruptcy,  any  commitment  by  Comerica  to  a  federal  bank  regulatory  agency  to  maintain  the  capital  of  its subsidiary banks would be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment.

Similarly, under the cross-guarantee provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, in the event of a loss suffered or anticipated by the FDIC (either as a result of the failure of a banking subsidiary or related to FDIC assistance provided to such a subsidiary  in  danger  of  failure),  the  other  banking  subsidiaries  may  be  assessed  for  the  FDIC's  loss,  subject  to  certain exceptions.  An  FDIC cross-guarantee claim against a depository institution  is  superior  in  right  of  payment  to  claims  of  the holding company and its affiliates against such depository institution.

## Supervisory and Enforcement Powers of Federal and State Banking Agencies

The FRB and other federal and state banking agencies have broad supervisory and enforcement powers, including, without limitation, and as prescribed to each agency by applicable law, the power to conduct examinations and investigations, impose nonpublic supervisory agreements, issue cease and desist orders, terminate deposit insurance, impose substantial fines and other civil penalties and appoint a conservator or receiver. Failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could subject Comerica or its banking subsidiaries, as well as officers and directors of these organizations, to administrative sanctions and  potentially  substantial  civil  and  criminal  penalties.  Bank  regulators  regularly  examine  the  operations  of  bank  holding companies  and  banks,  and  the  results  of  these  examinations,  as  well  as  certain  supervisory  and  enforcement  actions,  are confidential and may not be made public.

## Resolution Plans

As  a  depository  institution  with  $50  billion  or  more  of  total  consolidated  assets,  Comerica  Bank  is  required  to periodically  file  a  resolution  plan  with  the  FDIC.  On  April  16,  2019,  the  FDIC  released  an  advanced  notice  of  proposed rulemaking ('ANPR') with respect to the FDIC's bank resolution plan requirements meant to better tailor bank resolution plans to a firm's size, complexity and risk profile. In connection with this rulemaking, the FDIC placed a moratorium on resolution plans until the rulemaking process was complete.

On June 25, 2021, the FDIC lifted the moratorium on resolution plan submissions for institutions with $100 billion or more  in  total  assets.  Under  the  FDIC's Statement  on  Resolution  Plans  for  IDIs ,  an  institution  will  be  required  to  submit resolution plans when it has $100 billion or more in total assets as determined based upon the average of the institution's four most recent Reports of Condition and Income.

## Incentive-Based Compensation

Comerica is subject to guidance issued by the FRB, OCC and FDIC intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The guidance, which covers senior executives as well as other employees who, either individually or as part of a group, have the ability to expose the banking organization to material amounts of risk, is based upon the key principles that a banking organization's incentive compensation arrangements (i) should provide employees incentives that appropriately balance risk and financial results in a manner that does not encourage employees to expose their organizations to imprudent risk; (ii) should  be  compatible  with  effective  controls  and  risk-management;  and  (iii)  should  be  supported  by  strong  corporate governance,  including  active  and  effective  oversight  by  the  organization's  board  of  directors.  Banking  organizations  are expected  to  review  regularly  their  incentive  compensation  arrangements  based  on  these  three  principles.  Where  there  are deficiencies  in  the  incentive  compensation  arrangements,  they  should  be  promptly  addressed.  Enforcement  actions  may  be taken  against  a  banking  organization  if  its  incentive  compensation  arrangements,  or  related  risk-management  control  or governance  processes,  pose  a  risk  to  the  organization's  safety  and  soundness,  particularly  if  the  organization  is  not  taking

prompt and effective  measures  to  correct  the  deficiencies.  Similar  to  other  large  banking  organizations,  Comerica  has  been subject  to  a  continuing  review  of  incentive  compensation  policies  and  practices  by  representatives  of  the  FRB,  the  Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and the Texas Department of Banking since 2011. As part of that review, Comerica has undertaken a thorough analysis of all the incentive compensation programs throughout the organization, the individuals covered by each plan and the risks inherent in each plan's design and implementation. Comerica has determined that risks arising from employee compensation plans are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Comerica. It is Comerica's intent to continue monitoring regulations and best practices for sound incentive compensation practices.

In  2016,  the  FRB,  OCC  and  several  other  federal  financial  regulators  revised  and  re-proposed  rules  to  implement Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act. Section 956 directed regulators to jointly prescribe regulations or guidelines prohibiting incentive-based payment arrangements, or any feature of any such arrangement, at covered financial institutions that encourage inappropriate  risks  by  providing  excessive  compensation  or  that  could  lead  to  a  material  financial  loss.  This  proposal supplements the final guidance issued by the banking agencies in June 2010. Consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act, the proposed rule would impose heightened standards for institutions with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets, which includes Comerica. For these larger institutions, the proposed rule would require the deferral of at least 40 percent of incentive-based payments for designated executives and significant risk-takers who individually have the ability to expose the institution to possible losses that are substantial in relation to the institution's size, capital or overall risk tolerance. Moreover, incentive-based compensation of these individuals would be subject to potential clawback for seven years following vesting. Further, the rule imposes enhanced risk management controls and governance and internal policy and procedure requirements with respect to incentive compensation. Comerica is monitoring the development of this rule.

## The Volcker Rule

Comerica is prohibited under the Volcker Rule from (1) engaging in short-term proprietary trading for its own account and (2) having certain ownership interests in and relationships with hedge funds or private equity funds ("Covered Funds"). The Volcker Rule regulations contain exemptions for market-making, hedging, underwriting and trading in U.S. government and agency obligations, and permit certain ownership interests in certain types of Covered Funds to be retained. They also permit the  offering  and  sponsoring  of  Covered  Funds  under  certain  conditions.  The  Volcker  Rule  regulations  impose  significant compliance and reporting obligations on banking entities. Comerica has compliance programs required by the Volcker Rule and has either divested or received extensions for any holdings in Covered Funds.

In  October  2019,  the  five  federal  agencies  with  rulemaking  authority  with  respect  to  the  Volcker  Rule  finalized changes  designed  to  simplify  compliance  with  the  Volcker  Rule.  The  final  rule  formalized  a  three-tiered  approach  to compliance  program  requirements  for  banking  entities  based  on  their  level  of  trading  activity.  As  a  banking  entity  with 'moderate' trading assets and liabilities (less than $20 billion), Comerica is subject to simplified compliance requirements. In June  2020,  regulators  finalized  a  rule  further  modifying  the  Volcker  Rule's  prohibition  on  banking  entities  investing  in  or sponsoring Covered Funds. The final rule modifies three areas of the rule by: streamlining the covered funds portion of the rule; addressing the extraterritorial treatment of certain foreign funds; and permitting banking entities to offer financial services and engage in  other  activities  that  do  not  raise  concerns  that  the  Volcker  Rule  was  intended  to  address.  Comerica  continues  to follow Volcker Rule developments.

## Derivative Transactions

As a state member bank, Comerica Bank may engage in derivative transactions, as permitted by applicable Texas and federal law. Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act contains a comprehensive framework for over-the-counter ('OTC') derivatives transactions. Even though many of the requirements do not impact Comerica directly, since Comerica Bank does not meet the definition  of  swap  dealer  or  major  swap  participant,  Comerica  continues  to  review  and  evaluate  the  extent  to  which  such requirements  impact  its  business  indirectly.  On  November  5,  2018,  the  CFTC  issued  a  final  rule  that  sets  the  permanent aggregate gross notional amount threshold for the de minimis exception from the definition of swap dealer at $8 billion in swap dealing activity entered into by a person over the preceding 12 months. Comerica's swap dealing activities for purposes of the de minimis exception are currently below this threshold.

The  initial  margin  requirements  for  non-centrally  cleared  swaps  and  security-based  swaps  were  effective  for Comerica's swap and security-based swap counterparties that are swap dealers or major swap participants on September 1, 2022, and such counterparties are required to collect initial margin from Comerica. The initial margin requirements were issued for the purpose of ensuring safety and soundness of swap trading in light of the risk to the financial system associated with noncleared swaps activity.

## Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Certain Recent Consumer Finance Regulations

Comerica is subject to regulation by the CFPB, which has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions and possesses examination and enforcement authority over all banks and savings institutions with more than $10 billion in assets, including Comerica Bank, and their depositary affiliates.

Comerica is  also  subject  to  certain  state  consumer  protection  laws,  and  under  the  Dodd-Frank  Act,  state  attorneys general and other state officials are empowered to enforce certain federal consumer protection laws and regulations. In recent years,  state  authorities  have  increased  their  focus  on  and  enforcement  of  consumer  protection  rules.  These  federal  and  state consumer protection laws apply to a broad range of Comerica's activities and to various aspects of its business and include laws relating to interest rates, fair lending, disclosures of credit terms and estimated transaction costs to consumer borrowers, debt collection practices, the use of and the provision of information to consumer reporting agencies, and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive  or  abusive  acts  or  practices  in  connection  with  the  offer,  sale  or  provision  of  consumer  financial  products  and services.

## UNDERWRITING APPROACH

The loan portfolio is a primary source of profitability and risk, so proper loan underwriting is critical to Comerica's long-term  financial  success.  Comerica  extends  credit  to  businesses,  individuals  and  public  entities  based  on  sound  lending principles and consistent with prudent banking practice. During the loan underwriting process, a qualitative and quantitative analysis of potential credit facilities is performed, and the credit risks associated with each relationship are evaluated. Important factors considered as part of the underwriting process for new loans and loan renewals include:

- People: Including the competence, integrity and succession planning of customers.
- Purpose: The legal, logical and productive purposes of the credit facility.
- Payment: Including the source, timing and probability of payment.
- Protection:  Including  obtaining  alternative  sources  of  repayment,  securing  the  loan,  as  appropriate,  with collateral and/or third-party guarantees and ensuring appropriate legal documentation is obtained.
- Perspective: The risk/reward relationship and pricing elements (cost of funds; servicing costs; time value of money; credit risk).

Comerica  prices  credit  facilities  to  reflect  risk,  the  related  costs  and  the  expected  return,  while  maintaining competitiveness with other financial institutions. Loans with variable and fixed rates are underwritten to achieve expected riskadjusted returns on the credit facilities and for the full relationship including the borrower's ability to repay the principal and interest based on such rates.

## Credit Approval and Monitoring

Approval of new loan exposure and oversight and monitoring of Comerica's loan portfolio is the joint responsibility of the Credit Risk Management and Decisioning department and the Credit Underwriting department (collectively referred to as 'Credit'), plus the business units ('Line'). Credit assists the Line with underwriting by providing objective financial analysis, including an assessment of the borrower's business model, balance sheet, cash flow and collateral. The approval of new loan exposure  is  the  joint  responsibility  of  Credit  Risk  Management  and  Decisioning  and  the  Line.  Each  commercial  borrower relationship  is  assigned  an  internal  risk  rating  by  Credit  Risk  Management  and  Decisioning.  Further,  Credit  updates  the assigned internal risk rating as new information becomes available as a result of periodic reviews of credit quality, a change in borrower  performance  or  approval  of  new  loan  exposure.  The  goal  of  the  internal  risk  rating  framework  is  to  support Comerica's risk management capability, including its ability to identify  and  manage  changes  in  the  credit  risk  profile  of  its portfolio,  predict  future  losses  and  price  the  loans  appropriately  for  risk.  Finally,  the  Line  and  Credit  (including  its  Credit Analytics and Strategy department) work together to insure the overall credit risk within the loan portfolio is consistent with the bank's Credit Risk Appetite.

## Credit Policy

Comerica  maintains  a  comprehensive  set  of  credit  policies.  Comerica's  credit  policies  provide  Line  and  Credit Personnel with a framework of sound underwriting practices and potential loan structures. These credit policies also provide the framework for loan committee approval authorities based on its internal risk-rating system and establish maximum exposure limits based on risk ratings and Comerica's legal lending limit. Credit, in conjunction with the Line, monitors compliance with the credit policies and modifies the existing policies as necessary. New or modified policies/guidelines require approval by the Strategic  Credit  Committee,  chaired  by  Comerica's  Chief  Credit  Officer  and  comprised  of  senior  credit,  market  and  risk management executives.

## Commercial Loan Portfolio

Commercial loans are underwritten using a comprehensive analysis of the borrower's operations. The underwriting process includes an analysis of some or all of the factors listed below:

- The borrower's business model and industry characteristics.
- Periodic  review  of  financial  statements  including  financial  statements  audited  by  an  independent  certified public accountant when appropriate.
- The proforma financial condition including financial projections.
- The borrower's sources and uses of funds.
- The borrower's debt service capacity.
- The guarantor's financial strength.
- A comprehensive review of the quality and value of collateral, including independent third-party appraisals of machinery and equipment and commercial real estate, as appropriate, to determine the advance rates.
- Physical inspection of collateral and audits of receivables, as appropriate.

For  additional  information  specific  to  certain  businesses  within  our  commercial  portfolio,  please  see  the  caption 'Concentrations of Credit Risk" starting on page F-20 of the Financial Section of this report.

## Commercial Real Estate (CRE) Loan Portfolio

Comerica's CRE loan portfolio consists of real estate construction and commercial mortgage loans and includes loans to  real  estate  developers  and  investors  and  loans  secured  by  owner-occupied  real  estate.  Comerica's  CRE  loan  underwriting policies are consistent with the approach described above and provide maximum loan-to-value ratios that limit the size of a loan to a maximum percentage of the value of the real estate collateral securing the loan. The loan-to-value percentage varies by the type of collateral  and  is  limited  by  advance  rates  established  by  our  regulators.  Our  loan-to-value  limitations  are,  in  certain cases, more restrictive than those required by regulators and are influenced by other risk factors such as the financial strength of the borrower or guarantor, the equity provided to the project and the viability of the project itself. CRE loans generally require cash equity. CRE loans are normally originated with full recourse or limited recourse to all principals and owners. There are limitations  to  the  size  of  a  single  project  loan  and  to  the  aggregate  dollar  exposure  to  a  single  guarantor.  For  additional information specific to our CRE loan portfolio, please see the caption 'Commercial Real Estate Lending' on page F-21 of the Financial Section of this report.

## Consumer and Residential Mortgage Loan Portfolios

Comerica's consumer and residential mortgage loan underwriting includes an assessment of each borrower's personal financial  condition,  including  a  review  of  credit  reports  and  related  FICO  scores  (a  type  of  credit  score  used  to  assess  an applicant's credit risk) and verification of income and assets, as applicable. After origination, internal risk ratings are assigned based on payment status and product type.

Comerica does not originate subprime loans. Although a standard industry definition for subprime loans (including subprime  mortgage  loans)  does  not  exist,  Comerica  defines  subprime  loans  as  specific  product  offerings  for  higher  risk borrowers, including individuals with one or a combination of high credit risk factors. These credit factors include low FICO scores, poor patterns of payment history, high debt-to-income ratios and elevated loan-to-value. Comerica generally considers subprime FICO scores to be those below 620 on a secured basis (excluding loans with cash or near-cash collateral and adequate income to make payments) and below 660 for unsecured loans. Residential mortgage loans retained in the portfolio are largely relationship  based.  The  remaining  loans  are  typically  eligible  to  be  sold  on  the  secondary  market.  Adjustable-rate  loans  are limited to standard conventional loan programs. For additional information specific to our residential real estate loan portfolio, please see the caption 'Residential Real Estate Lending' on page F-22 of the Financial Section of this report.

## HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES

Comerica's  relationship  banking  strategy  relies  heavily  on  the  personal  relationships  and  the  quality  of  service provided  by  employees.  Accordingly,  Comerica  aims  to  attract,  develop  and  retain  employees  who  can  drive  financial  and strategic growth objectives and build long-term shareholder value. Key items related to Comerica's human capital resources are described below.

Structure.  As of December 31, 2022, Comerica and its subsidiaries had 7,280 full-time and 369 part-time employees, primarily located in Comerica's core markets of Michigan, Texas, California, Arizona and Florida. Comerica's Chief Human Resources Officer reports directly to the Chairman, President and CEO and manages all aspects of the employee experience, including talent acquisition, diversity and inclusion, learning and development, talent management, compensation and benefits.

The Governance, Compensation and Nominating Committee of the Board is tasked with reviewing Comerica's human capital management strategy and talent development program, including recruitment, evaluations and development activities. This Committee also reviews Comerica's employee diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, as well as the results of those initiatives. The full Board is provided annual workforce updates. To enhance the Board's understanding of Comerica's talent pipeline, the Board routinely meets with high-potential employees in formal and informal settings.

Productivity.    Comerica  carefully  manages  the  size  of  its  workforce  and  reallocates  resources  as  needed.  As  of December 31, 2022, Comerica's total employee headcount, on a full-time equivalent basis, was 16 percent lower than as of December 31, 2015. Additionally, for 2022, Comerica managed an average of $17 million of loans and deposits per employee.

Diversity.    Comerica  has  an  organization-wide  focus  to  improve  recruitment  and  retention  of  women  and  ethnic minorities  especially  in  leadership  positions  through  its  diversity  outreach,  diversity  awareness  and  learning  program  and leadership development programs. As of December 31, 2022, Comerica's U.S. colleagues had the following attributes:

| Female (%)  Minority (%)  Employees  64  42  Officials and Managers  (1)  53  29  Executive Officers  (2)  43  21   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Based on EEO-1 job classifications.

(2) Using Securities and Exchange Commission definition.

Comerica was recognized in 2022 as a Best Employer for Women by Forbes, included on Newsweek's 2023 list of America's Greatest Workplaces for Diversity and received five stars - the highest marking - in the category of governance as part of the 2022 Hispanic Association on Corporate Responsibility Corporate Inclusion Index. Additionally, Comerica again received a perfect score of 100% on the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index (for LGBTQ+ equality).

There  are  ten  Comerica  Employee  Resource  Groups  (ERGs),  consisting  of  employees  with  common  interests organized to promote professional development, social networking, awareness and inclusion, social impact and talent attraction and retention. The ERGs help support and sustain Comerica's diversity and inclusion model. These groups include Comerica African American Network; Comerica Asian Indian Association; Comerica Asian and Pacific Islander; European Connection; Mi  Gente;  PRISM  -  LGBTQ+;  Quantitative  Professionals;  Veteran's  Leadership  Network;  Women's  Forum  and  Young Professionals.

Compensation and Benefits.  Comerica strives to provide pay, benefits, and programs that help meet the varying needs of its  employees. Compensation and benefits include market-competitive pay, retirement programs, broad-based bonuses, an employee stock purchase plan, health and welfare benefits, an employee assistance program, financial counseling, paid time off, family leave and flexible work schedules. In 2022, Comerica increased its minimum wage from $17 per hour to $18 per hour. Additionally,  for  2023,  Comerica  held  employee  health  and  welfare  premiums  steady,  absorbing  the  rising  cost  of  medical coverage. Comerica periodically examines the main components of compensation, like salaries and bonuses, by grade level and position  to  ensure  similar  positions  receive  similar  pay  to  the  extent  other  factors  can  be  equalized  ( e.g. ,  time  in  position, performance, education). Comerica also considers equitable benefits and looks at policies and practices that potentially drive inequities. Solicitation of salary history from applicants is prohibited.

Attraction, Development and Retention.  Comerica measures the success of its talent acquisition strategy on speed and quality of acquisition, diversity of its applicant pool, and new colleague retention. In addition, overall performance metrics are tracked  for  each  key  business  line.  Sourcing  strategies  and  support  structures  are  evaluated  and  modified  to  ensure  that performance targets are met consistently.

Comerica operates and continues to evolve multiple internal programs to support the development and retention of its colleagues,  including  Comerica  University,  internal  Leadership  Development,  Emerging  Leaders,  and  Senior  Leadership programs designed to develop high potential employees, a Future-Ready Technology skills program to help re- and up-skill Technology colleagues, a Managing Essentials Certificate series for managers and organizational change management learning for  all  colleagues.  In  2022,  over  9,900  skills-based  titles  were  offered  to  Comerica  colleagues  and  an  average  of  around  25 hours of training per employee were completed. Comerica also supports its employees' involvement in external development programs and volunteerism. All full-time colleagues are granted up to 8 hours of PTO annually, and all part-time colleagues are granted up to 4 hours of PTO annually to use for volunteer events. This includes volunteer opportunities related and unrelated to Comerica.

Comerica's investment in its employees has resulted in a long-tenured workforce, with average tenure of around 12 years of service. Of the approximately 2,750 open employee positions filled in 2022, 57% were filled by external hires and 43% positions were filled by internal hires. Employee turnover for 2022 was approximately 20%. In 2021, Comerica conducted its

second enterprise-wide employee engagement survey, with approximately 80% of colleagues participating, and plans to launch its third engagement survey in 2023.

## AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Comerica maintains  an  Internet  website  at www.comerica.com where  the  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K,  Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports are available without charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are filed with or furnished to the SEC. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for  Employees,  the  Code  of  Business  Conduct  and  Ethics  for  Members  of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  the  Senior  Financial Officer  Code  of  Ethics  adopted  by  Comerica  are  also  available  on  the  Internet  website  and  are  available  in  print  to  any shareholder who requests them. Such requests should be made in writing to the Corporate Secretary at Comerica Incorporated, Comerica Bank Tower, 1717 Main Street, MC 6404, Dallas, Texas 75201.

In  addition,  pursuant  to  regulations  adopted  by  the  FRB,  Comerica  makes  additional  regulatory  capital-related disclosures. Under these regulations, Comerica satisfies a portion of these requirements through postings on its website, and Comerica has done so and expects to continue to do so without also providing disclosure of this information through filings with the SEC.

Where we have included web addresses in this report, such as our web address and the web address of the SEC, we have included those web addresses as inactive textual references only. Except as specifically incorporated by reference into this report, information on those websites is not part hereof.

## Item 1A.  Risk Factors.

This report includes forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition,  Comerica  may  make  other  written  and  oral  communications  from  time  to  time  that  contain  such  statements.  All statements regarding Comerica's expected financial position, strategies and growth prospects and general economic conditions Comerica expects to exist in the future are forward-looking statements. The words, 'anticipates,' 'believes,' 'contemplates,' 'feels,'  'expects,'  'estimates,'  'seeks,'  'strives,'  'plans,'  'intends,'  'outlook,'  'forecast,'  'position,'  'target,'  'mission,' 'assume,'  'achievable,'  'potential,'  'strategy,'  'goal,'  'aspiration,'  'opportunity,'  'initiative,'  'outcome,'  'continue,' 'remain,' 'maintain,' 'on track,' 'trend,' 'objective,' 'looks forward,' 'projects,' 'models' and variations of such words and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as 'will,' 'would,' 'should,' 'could,' 'might,' 'can,' 'may' or similar expressions, as they relate to Comerica or its management, are intended to identify forward-looking statements.

Comerica  cautions  that  forward-looking  statements  are  subject  to  numerous  assumptions,  risks  and  uncertainties, which change over time. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statement is made, and Comerica does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect facts, circumstances, assumptions or events that occur after the date the  forward-looking  statements  are  made.  Actual  results  could  differ  materially  from  those  anticipated  in  forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance.

In addition to factors mentioned elsewhere in this report or previously disclosed in Comerica's SEC reports (accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or  on  Comerica's  website at www.comerica.com ),  the  factors  contained  below,  among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, and future results could differ materially from historical performance.

## CREDIT RISK

## · Changes  in  customer  behavior  due  to  outside  factors  may  adversely  impact  Comerica's  business,  financial condition and results of operations.

Individual, economic, political, industry-specific conditions and other factors outside of Comerica's control, such as pandemics, inflation, military conflicts, labor shortages, supply chain constraints, fuel prices, energy costs, tariffs, real estate values or other factors that affect customer income levels, could alter predicted customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices. Such a change in these practices could materially adversely affect Comerica's ability to anticipate business needs and meet regulatory requirements.

Further,  difficult  economic  conditions,  such  as  a  recession,  may  negatively  affect  consumer  confidence  levels.  A decrease in consumer confidence levels would likely aggravate the adverse effects of these difficult market conditions on Comerica, Comerica's customers and others in the financial institutions industry.

## · Unfavorable developments concerning credit quality could adversely affect Comerica's financial results.

Although Comerica regularly reviews credit exposure related to its customers and various industry sectors in which it has business relationships, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee. Under such circumstances, as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, Comerica could experience an increase in the

level  of  provision  for  credit  losses  and  reserve  for  credit  losses,  which  could  adversely  affect  Comerica's  financial results. Additionally, some of Comerica's loan portfolios have higher risk profiles relative to the rest of our portfolio, such  as  Technology  and  Life  Sciences,  automotive  production  and  the  leveraged  transactions  book.  For  more information,  please  see  "Leveraged  Loans'  starting  on  page  F-23  of  the  Financial  Section  of  this  report  and "Automotive Lending - Production" starting on page F-22 of the Financial Section of this report.

## · Declines  in  the  businesses  or  industries  of  Comerica's  customers  could  cause  increased  credit  losses  or decreased loan balances, which could adversely affect Comerica.

Comerica's  business  customer  base  consists,  in  part,  of  customers  in  volatile  businesses  and  industries  such  as  the automotive,  commercial  real  estate,  residential  real  estate  and  energy  industries.  These  industries  are  sensitive  to global economic conditions, supply chain factors and/or commodities prices. In particular, in 2022, loan balances in Dealer Services remained low and credit quality in automotive production remained under pressure due to lingering effects of shortages in parts which depressed manufacturing, and thus sales volumes. Additionally, certain segments of the commercial real estate industry have been under pressure due to rapidly rising interest rates, shifts in demand ( i.e., office, retail), labor and materials shortages and capital markets volatility. Finally, energy prices continued to fluctuate in 2022, and energy companies are expected to experience environmental pressure over the long-term. Any decline in one of these businesses or industries could cause increased credit losses or reduced loan demand, which in turn could adversely  affect  Comerica.  For  more  information  regarding  certain  of  Comerica's  lines  of  business,  please  see "Concentrations of Credit Risk," "Commercial Real Estate Lending," "Automotive Lending - Dealer," "Automotive Lending  -  Production,"  "Residential  Real  Estate  Lending,"  and  'Energy  Lending'  starting  on  page  F-20  of  the Financial Section of this report.

## MARKET RISK

## · Governmental monetary and fiscal policies may adversely affect the financial services industry, and therefore impact Comerica's financial condition and results of operations.

Monetary  and  fiscal  policies  of  various  governmental  and  regulatory  agencies,  in  particular  the  FRB,  affect  the financial services industry, directly and indirectly. The FRB regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S., and its monetary policies determine in large part Comerica's cost of funds for lending and investing and the return that can be earned on such loans and investments. Changes in such policies, including changes in interest rates or changes in the FRB's balance sheet, influence the origination of loans, the value of investments, the generation of deposits and the rates received on loans and investment securities and paid on deposits. Changes in monetary and fiscal policies are beyond Comerica's control and difficult to predict. Comerica's financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted by changes in governmental monetary and fiscal policies.

## · Fluctuations in interest rates and their impact on deposit pricing could adversely affect Comerica's net interest income and balance sheet.

The operations of financial institutions such as Comerica are dependent to a large degree on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from loans and investments and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. Prevailing  economic  conditions  and  the  trade,  fiscal  and  monetary  policies  of  the  federal  government  and  various regulatory agencies all affect market rates of interest and the availability and cost of credit, which in turn significantly affect financial institutions' net interest income and the market value of its investment securities. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates seven times in 2022; if the Federal Reserve lowers interest rates in the future, it will adversely affect the interest income Comerica earns on loans and investments. Further, while Comerica has taken steps to reduce its interest rate sensitivity, those actions, such as the execution of Comerica's hedging strategy, do not fully eliminate interest rate risk. For a discussion of Comerica's interest rate sensitivity and risk management strategies, please see, 'Market and Liquidity Risk' beginning on page F-24 of the Financial Section of this report.

Deposits make up a large portion of Comerica's funding portfolio. Comerica's funding costs may increase if it raises deposit  rates  to  avoid  losing  customer  deposits,  or  if  it  loses  customer  deposits  and  must  rely  on  more  expensive sources  of  funding.  In  2022,  interest  expense  increased  $149  million  from  2021,  due  to  a  rising  rate  environment. Higher funding costs will reduce Comerica's net interest margin and net interest income.

Volatility  in  interest  rates  can  also  result  in  disintermediation,  which  is  the  flow  of  funds  away  from  financial institutions into direct investments, such as federal government and corporate securities and other investment vehicles, which, because of the absence of federal insurance premiums and reserve requirements, generally pay higher rates of return than financial institutions. Comerica's financial results could be materially adversely impacted by changes in financial market conditions.

## · Interest  rates  on  Comerica's  outstanding  financial  instruments  might  be  subject  to  change  based  on developments  related  to  LIBOR,  which  could  adversely  affect  its  revenue,  expenses,  and  the  value  of  those financial instruments.

On July  27,  2017,  the  United  Kingdom's  Financial  Conduct  Authority  ("FCA"),  which  regulates  LIBOR,  publicly announced that it intended to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. Certain LIBOR tenors  are  no  longer  supported  as  of  December  31,  2021,  and  the  FCA  has  announced  that  the  remaining  tenors, including those most commonly used by Comerica, will cease to be supported after June 30, 2023. While Comerica stopped originating LIBOR-based products in the fourth quarter of 2021, it still has remaining exposure to outstanding LIBOR-based products,  including  loans  and  derivatives.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  there  are  approximately  $16.0 billion of LIBOR-based loans. Of these, approximately 18 percent have maturity dates prior to cessation, 46 percent mature after cessation but have fallback language and the remaining 36 percent are in process of remediation.

Comerica is currently issuing new Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)-based and Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY)-based cash and derivative products. Comerica continues to monitor market developments and regulatory updates, as well as collaborate with regulators and industry groups on the transition.

The market transition away from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate is complex and could have a range of adverse effects on Comerica's business, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, such transition could:

- adversely  affect  the  interest  rates  paid  or  received  on,  and  the  revenues  and  expenses  associated  with, Comerica's  floating  rate  obligations,  loans,  deposits,  derivatives,  and  other  financial  instruments  tied  to LIBOR  rates,  or  other  securities  or  financial  arrangements  given  LIBOR's  historical  role  in  determining market interest rates globally;
- adversely  affect  the  value  of  Comerica's  floating  rate  obligations,  loans,  deposits,  derivatives,  and  other financial  instruments  tied  to  LIBOR  rates,  or  other  securities  or  financial  arrangements  given  LIBOR's historical role in determining market interest rates globally;
- prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect to Comerica's selection of alternative reference rates other than SOFR; and
- result in disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in LIBOR-based instruments.

More information regarding the LIBOR transition is available on page F-27 under "LIBOR Transition."

The manner and impact of this transition, as well as the effect of these developments on Comerica's funding costs, loan and investment and trading securities portfolios, asset-liability management, and business, is uncertain.

## LIQUIDITY RISK

## · Comerica must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity to meet regulatory expectations, support its operations and fund outstanding liabilities.

Comerica's liquidity and ability to fund and run its business could be materially adversely affected by a variety of conditions and factors, including financial and credit market disruptions and volatility, a lack of market or customer confidence in financial markets in general, or deposit competition based on interest rates, which may result in a loss of customer deposits or outflows of cash or collateral and/or adversely affect Comerica's ability to access capital markets on favorable terms.

Other conditions and factors that could materially adversely affect Comerica's liquidity and funding include a lack of market or customer confidence in, or negative news about, Comerica or the financial services industry generally which also may result in a loss of deposits and/or negatively affect Comerica's ability to access the capital markets; the loss of customer  deposits  to  alternative  investments;  counterparty  availability;  interest  rate  fluctuations;  general  economic conditions;  and  the  legal,  regulatory,  accounting  and  tax  environments  governing  Comerica's  funding  transactions. Many of the above conditions and factors may be caused by events over which Comerica has little or no control. There can  be  no  assurance  that  significant  disruption  and  volatility  in  the  financial  markets  will  not  occur  in  the  future. Further, Comerica's customers may be adversely impacted by such conditions, which could have a negative impact on Comerica's business, financial condition and results of operations.

Additionally,  if  Comerica  is  unable  to  continue  to  fund  assets  through  customer  bank  deposits  or  access  funding sources on favorable terms, or if Comerica suffers an increase in borrowing costs or otherwise fails to manage liquidity effectively, Comerica's liquidity, operating margins, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

## · Reduction in our credit ratings could adversely affect Comerica and/or the holders of its securities.

Rating agencies regularly evaluate Comerica, and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including Comerica's financial strength as well as factors not entirely within its control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. There can be no assurance that Comerica will maintain its current ratings. While recent credit rating actions have had little to no detrimental impact on Comerica's profitability, borrowing costs, or ability to access the capital markets, future downgrades to Comerica's or its subsidiaries' credit ratings could adversely affect Comerica's profitability, borrowing costs, or ability to access the capital markets or otherwise have a negative effect on Comerica's results  of  operations  or  financial  condition.  If  such  a  reduction  placed  Comerica's  or  its  subsidiaries'  credit  ratings below investment grade, it could also create obligations or liabilities under the terms of existing arrangements that could  increase  Comerica's  costs  under  such  arrangements.  Additionally,  a  downgrade  of  the  credit  rating  of  any particular  security  issued  by  Comerica  or  its  subsidiaries  could  negatively  affect  the  ability  of  the  holders  of  that security to sell the securities and the prices at which any such securities may be sold.

## · The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect Comerica.

Comerica's ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty  or  other  relationships.  Comerica  has  exposure  to  many  different  industries  and  counterparties,  and  it routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks,  investment  banks,  mutual  and  hedge  funds,  and  other  institutional  clients.  As  a  result,  defaults  by,  or  even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led, and may further lead, to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. Many of these transactions could expose Comerica to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty or client. In addition, Comerica's credit risk may be impacted when the collateral held by it cannot be monetized or is liquidated at  prices  not  sufficient  to  recover  the  full  amount  of  the  financial  instrument  exposure  due  to  Comerica. There is no assurance that any such losses would not adversely affect, possibly materially, Comerica.

## TECHNOLOGY RISK

- Comerica faces security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting Comerica's colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect its business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.

Comerica's  computer  systems  and  network  infrastructure  and  those  of  third  parties,  on  which  Comerica  is  highly dependent, are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities or identity theft. Comerica's business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage and  retrieval  of  confidential,  proprietary  and  other  information  in  its  computer  and  data  management  systems  and networks,  and  in  the  computer  and  data  management  systems  and  networks  of  third  parties.  In  addition,  to  access Comerica's network, products and services, its customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of its network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks.

Cyber attacks  could  include  computer  viruses,  malicious  or  destructive  code,  phishing  attacks,  denial  of  service  or information, ransomware, improper access by employees or vendors, attacks on personal email of employees, ransom demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in Comerica's systems or the systems of third parties, or other security breaches, and could result in the destruction or exfiltration of data and systems. As cyber threats continue to evolve, Comerica may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. Despite efforts to ensure the  integrity  of  Comerica's  systems  and  implement  controls,  processes,  policies  and  other  protective  measures, Comerica may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may it be able to implement guaranteed preventive measures  against  such  security  breaches.  Cyber  threats  are  rapidly  evolving  and  Comerica  may  not  be  able  to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any security breach or loss.

Although Comerica has programs in place related to business continuity, disaster recovery and information security to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of its systems, business applications and customer information, such disruptions may still give rise to interruptions in service to customers and loss or liability to Comerica, including loss of customer data. Like other financial services firms, Comerica and its third party providers continue to be the subject  of  cyber  attacks.  Although  to  this  date  Comerica  has  not  experienced  any  material  losses  or  other  material consequences related to cyber attacks, future cyber attacks could be more disruptive and damaging, and Comerica may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks. Further, cyber attacks may not be detected in a timely manner.

Cyber attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at Comerica or third parties, may result in a material  loss  or  have  material  consequences.  Furthermore,  the  public  perception  that  a  cyber  attack  on  Comerica's systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage its reputation with customers and third parties with whom it does business. Hacking of personal information and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. A successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause Comerica serious  negative  consequences,  including  loss  of  customers  and  business  opportunities,  costs  associated  with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant business disruption to Comerica's operations and business, misappropriation, exposure, or destruction of its confidential information, intellectual property, funds, and/or those of its customers; or damage to Comerica's or Comerica's customers' and/or third parties' computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in Comerica's security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact its results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. In addition, although Comerica maintains insurance coverage that may cover certain cyber losses (subject to policy terms and conditions), we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a cybersecurity event.

## · Cybersecurity and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and regulatory focus.

As cybersecurity and data privacy risks for banking organizations and the broader financial system have significantly increased in recent years, cybersecurity and data privacy issues have become the subject of increasing legislative and regulatory  focus.  The  federal  bank  regulatory  agencies  have  proposed  enhanced  cyber  risk  management  standards, which would apply to a wide range of large financial institutions  and  their  third-party  service  providers,  including Comerica  and  its  bank  subsidiaries,  and  would  focus  on  cyber  risk  governance  and  management,  management  of internal and external dependencies, and incident response, cyber resilience and situational awareness. Several states have  also  proposed  or  adopted  cybersecurity  legislation  and  regulations,  which  require,  among  other  things, notification to affected individuals when there has been a security breach of their personal data. For more information regarding cybersecurity regulation, refer to the 'Supervision and Regulation' section of this report.

Comerica receives, maintains and stores non-public personal information of Comerica's customers and counterparties, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information and personal financial information. The sharing, use, disclosure  and  protection  of  this  information  are  governed  by  federal  and  state  law.  Both  personally  identifiable information and personal financial information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulation, the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information that is collected and handled. For example, the CCPA, which became effective  on  January  1,  2020,  applies  to  for-profit  businesses  that  conduct  business  in  California  and  meet  certain revenue or data collection thresholds, including Comerica. For more information regarding data privacy regulation, refer to the 'Supervision and Regulation' section of this report.

Comerica may become subject to new legislation or regulation concerning cybersecurity or the privacy of personally identifiable  information  and  personal  financial  information  or  of  any  other  information  Comerica  may  store  or maintain. Comerica could be adversely affected if new legislation or regulations are adopted or if existing legislation or  regulations  are  modified  such  that  Comerica  is  required  to  alter  its  systems  or  require  changes  to  its  business practices or privacy policies. If cybersecurity, data privacy, data protection, data transfer or data retention laws are implemented, interpreted or applied in a manner inconsistent with Comerica's current practices, it may be subject to fines, litigation or regulatory enforcement actions or ordered to change its business practices, policies or systems in a manner that adversely impacts Comerica's operating results.

## OPERATIONAL RISK

## · Comerica's  operational  or  security  systems  or  infrastructure,  or  those  of  third  parties,  could  fail  or  be breached,  which  could  disrupt  Comerica's  business  and  adversely  impact  Comerica's  results  of  operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.

The potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout Comerica's business and, as a result of its interactions with,  and  reliance  on,  third  parties,  is  not  limited  to  Comerica's  own  internal  operational  functions.  Comerica's operations  rely  on  the  secure  processing,  storage  and  transmission  of  confidential  and  other  information  on  its technology systems and networks. These networks are subject to infrastructure failures, ongoing system maintenance and upgrades and planned network outages. Comerica's use of mobile and cloud technologies, as well as its hybrid work  options  permitting  remote  work,  can  heighten  these  and  other  operational  risks.  Any  failure,  interruption  or breach  in  security  of  these  systems  could  result  in  failures  or  disruptions  in  Comerica's  customer  relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems.

Comerica relies on its employees and third parties in its day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance or failure, or breach of Comerica's or of third-party systems or infrastructure,

expose  Comerica  to  risk.  For  example,  Comerica's  ability  to  conduct  business  may  be  adversely  affected  by  any significant disruptions to Comerica or to third parties with whom Comerica interacts or upon whom it relies. Although Comerica has programs in place related to business continuity, disaster recovery and information security to maintain the  confidentiality,  integrity  and  availability  of  its  systems,  business  applications  and  customer  information,  such disruptions may still give rise to interruptions in service to customers and loss or liability to Comerica, including loss of customer data. In addition, Comerica's ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems is more limited than with respect to its own systems.

Comerica's financial,  accounting,  data  processing,  backup  or  other  operating  or  security  systems  and  infrastructure may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond its control, which could adversely affect its ability to process transactions or provide services.  Such  events  may  include  sudden  increases  in  customer  transaction  volume  and/or  customer  activity; electrical,  telecommunications  or  other  major  physical  infrastructure  outages;  natural  disasters  such  as  earthquakes, tornadoes,  hurricanes  and  floods;  disease  pandemics;  cyber  attacks;  and  events  arising  from  local  or  larger  scale political or social matters, including wars and terrorist acts.

The occurrence of any failure or interruption in Comerica's operations or information systems, or any security breach, could cause reputational damage, jeopardize the confidentiality of customer information, result in a loss of customer business, subject Comerica to regulatory intervention or expose it to civil litigation and financial loss or liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Comerica.

## · Comerica  relies  on  other  companies  to  provide  certain  key  components  of  its  delivery  systems,  and  certain failures could materially adversely affect operations.

Comerica faces the risk of operational disruption, failure or capacity constraints due to its dependency on third party vendors for components of its delivery systems. Third party vendors provide certain key components of Comerica's delivery systems, such as cloud-based computing, networking and storage services, cash services, payment processing services, recording and monitoring services, internet connections and network access, clearing agency services, card processing services and trust processing services. While Comerica conducts due diligence prior to engaging with third party vendors and performs ongoing monitoring of vendor controls, it does not control their operations. Further, while Comerica's vendor management policies and practices are designed to comply with current regulations, these policies and practices cannot eliminate this risk. In this context, any vendor failure to properly deliver these services could adversely  affect  Comerica's  business  operations,  and  result  in  financial  loss,  reputational  harm,  and/or  regulatory action.

## · Legal and regulatory proceedings and related matters with respect to the financial services industry, including those directly involving Comerica and its subsidiaries, could adversely affect Comerica or the financial services industry in general.

Comerica has been,  and  may  in  the  future  be,  subject  to  various  legal  and  regulatory  proceedings.  It  is  inherently difficult  to  assess  the  outcome  of  these  matters,  and  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  Comerica  will  prevail  in  any proceeding or litigation. Any such matter could result in substantial cost and diversion of Comerica's efforts, which by itself  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  Comerica's financial condition and operating results. Further, adverse determinations in such matters could result in fines or actions by Comerica's regulators that could materially adversely affect Comerica's business, financial condition or results of operations.

Comerica establishes reserves for legal claims when payments associated with the claims become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Comerica may still incur legal costs for a matter even if it has not established a reserve. In addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, the actual cost of resolving a legal claim may be substantially higher than any amounts reserved for that matter. The ultimate resolution of a pending legal proceeding, depending on the remedy sought and granted, could adversely affect Comerica's results of operations and financial condition.

## · Comerica may incur losses due to fraud.

Fraudulent activity can take many forms and has escalated as more tools for accessing financial services emerge, such as real-time payments. Fraud schemes are broad and continuously evolving. Examples include but are not limited to: debit  card/credit  card  fraud,  check  fraud,  mechanical  devices  attached  to  ATM  machines,  social  engineering  and phishing  attacks  to  obtain  personal  information,  impersonation  of  clients  through  the  use  of  falsified  or  stolen credentials, employee fraud, information theft and other malfeasance. Increased deployment of technologies, such as chip  card  technology,  defray  and  reduce  aspects  of  fraud;  however,  criminals  are  turning  to  other  sources  to  steal personally  identifiable  information  in  order  to  impersonate  the  consumer  to  commit  fraud.  Many  of  these  data compromises have  been  widely  reported  in  the  media.  Further,  as  a  result  of  the  increased  sophistication  of  fraud

activity, Comerica continues to invest in systems, resources, and controls to detect and prevent fraud. This will result in continued ongoing investments in the future.

## · Controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud.

Controls  and  procedures  are  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  information  required  to  be  disclosed  in reports  Comerica  files  or  submits  under  the  Exchange  Act  is  accurately  accumulated  and  communicated  to management, and recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, due to certain inherent limitations. These limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, that alternative  reasoned  judgments  can  be  drawn,  that  breakdowns  can  occur  because  of  an  error  or  mistake,  or  that controls  may  be  fraudulently  circumvented.  Accordingly,  because  of  the  inherent  limitations  in  control  systems, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

## COMPLIANCE RISK

## · Changes  in  regulation  or  oversight,  or  changes  in  Comerica's  status  with  respect  to  existing  regulations  or oversight, may have a material adverse impact on Comerica's operations.

Comerica is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the U.S. Treasury, the Texas Department of Banking, the FDIC, the FRB, the OCC, the CFPB, the CFTC, the SEC, FINRA, DOL, MSRB and other regulatory bodies. Such regulation and supervision governs and limits the activities in which Comerica may engage. Regulatory authorities  have  extensive  discretion  in  their  supervisory  and  enforcement  activities,  including  the  imposition  of restrictions  on  Comerica's  operations  and  ability  to  make  acquisitions,  investigations  and  limitations  related  to Comerica's securities, the classification of Comerica's assets and determination of the level of Comerica's allowance for loan losses. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material adverse impact on Comerica's business, financial condition or results  of  operations.  The  impact  of  any  future  legislation  or  regulatory  actions  may  adversely  affect  Comerica's businesses or operations.

Further, even if such regulations or oversight do not change, Comerica's business may develop such that it may be subject to increased regulatory requirements. For example, if Comerica's asset size increases in the future and exceeds $100 billion  in  average  total  consolidated  assets  calculated  over  four  consecutive  financial  quarters,  Comerica  will become a Category IV institution. Category IV institutions ($100 to $250 billion in assets) under the Tailoring Rules are  subject  to  additional  requirements,  such  as  certain  enhanced  prudential  standards  and  monitoring  and  reporting certain  risk-based  indicators.  Under  the  Tailoring  Rules,  Category  IV  firms  are,  among  other  things,  subject  to  (1) supervisory capital stress testing on a biennial basis, (2) requirements to develop and maintain a capital plan on an annual basis and (3) certain liquidity risk management and risk committee requirements, including liquidity buffer and liquidity  stress  testing  requirements.  Comerica  would  also  incur  additional  assessments  under  Regulation  TT.  If Comerica becomes subject to enhanced prudential standards, it will face more stringent requirements or limitations on its  business,  as  well  as  increased  compliance  costs,  and,  depending  on  its  levels  of  capital  and  liquidity,  stress  test results and other factors, may be limited in the types of activities it may conduct and be limited as to how it utilizes capital.  Further,  Comerica  may  be  subject  to  heightened  expectations,  which  could  result  in  additional  regulatory scrutiny, higher penalties, and more severe consequences if it is unable to meet those expectations.

## · Compliance with stringent capital requirements may adversely affect Comerica.

Comerica is required to satisfy stringent regulatory capital standards, as set forth in the 'Supervision and Regulation' section of this report. These requirements, and any other new laws or regulations related to capital and liquidity, or any existing requirements that Comerica becomes subject to as a result of its increased asset size, could adversely affect Comerica's ability to pay dividends or make share repurchases, or could require Comerica to reduce business levels or to  raise  capital,  including  in  ways  that  may  adversely  affect  its  results  of  operations  or  financial  condition  and/or existing  shareholders.  Maintaining  higher  levels  of  capital  may  reduce  Comerica's  profitability  and  otherwise adversely affect its business, financial condition, or results of operations.

## · Tax regulations could be subject to potential legislative, administrative or judicial changes or interpretations.

Federal income tax treatment of corporations may be clarified and/or modified by legislative, administrative or judicial changes or interpretations at any time. Any such changes could adversely affect Comerica, either directly, or indirectly as  a  result  of  effects  on  Comerica's  customers.  For  example,  the  U.S.  government  recently  enacted  the  Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), which includes changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system, including a 15% minimum tax based on 'adjusted financial statement income' for certain large corporations, which is effective in 2023, and a 1% excise  tax  on  share  repurchases  after  December  31,  2022.  In  addition,  the  current  administration  has  announced  a

proposal to increase such excise tax to 4%. While Comerica does not believe that the IRA will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements, any future corporate tax legislation could have that effect.

## STRATEGIC RISK

## · Damage to Comerica's reputation could damage its businesses.

Reputational risk is an increasing concern for businesses as customers are interested in doing business with companies they admire and trust. Such risks include compliance issues, operational challenges, or a strategic, high profile event. Comerica's  business  is  based  on  the  trust  of  its  customers,  communities,  and  entire  value  chain,  which  makes managing reputational risk extremely important. News or other publicity that impairs Comerica's reputation, or the reputation of the financial services industry generally, can therefore cause significant harm to Comerica's business and prospects.  Further,  adverse  publicity  or  negative  information  posted  on  social  media  websites  regarding  Comerica, whether or not true, may result in harm to Comerica's prospects.

## · Comerica may not be able to utilize technology to efficiently and effectively develop, market, and deliver new products and services to its customers.

The financial services industry experiences rapid technological change with regular introductions of new technologydriven products and services. The ability to access and use technology is an increasingly important competitive factor in  the  financial  services  industry,  and  having  the  right  technology  is  a  critically  important  component  to  customer satisfaction. As well, the efficient and effective utilization of technology enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Comerica's future success depends, in part, upon its ability to address the needs of its customers by using technology to market and deliver products and services that will satisfy customer demands, meet regulatory requirements, and create additional  efficiencies  in  Comerica's  operations.  Comerica  may  not  be  able  to  effectively  develop  new  technologydriven products and services or be successful in marketing or supporting these products and services to its customers, which could have a material adverse impact on Comerica's financial condition and results of operations.

## · Competitive product and pricing pressures within Comerica's markets may change.

Comerica operates in a very competitive environment, which is characterized by competition from a number of other financial institutions in each market in which it operates. Comerica competes largely on the basis of industry expertise, the range of products and services offered, pricing and reputation, convenience, quality of service, responsiveness to customer needs and the overall customer relationship. Comerica's competitors include financial institutions of all sizes. Some  of  Comerica's  larger  competitors,  including  certain  nationwide  banks  that  have  a  significant  presence  in Comerica's markets, may have a broader array of products and structure alternatives and, due to their size, may more easily absorb credit losses. Some of Comerica's competitors (larger or smaller) may have more liberal lending policies and  and  aggressive  pricing  standards  for  loans,  deposits  and  services.  Increasingly,  Comerica  competes  with  other companies based on financial technology and capabilities, such as mobile banking applications and funds transfer.

Additionally,  the  financial  services  industry  is  subject  to  extensive  regulation.  For  more  information,  see  the 'Supervision and Regulation' section of this report. Such regulations may require significant additional investments in technology,  personnel  or  other  resources  or  place  limitations  on  the  ability  of  financial  institutions,  including Comerica, to engage in certain activities. Comerica's competitors may be subject to significantly different or lesser regulation due to their asset size or types of products offered. Some competitors may also have the ability to more efficiently  utilize  resources  to  comply  with  regulations  or  may  be  able  to  more  effectively  absorb  the  cost  of regulations.

In  addition  to  banks,  Comerica  and  its  banking  subsidiaries  also  face  competition  from  financial  intermediaries, including  savings  and  loan  associations,  consumer  and  commercial  finance  companies,  leasing  companies,  venture capital funds, credit unions, investment banks, insurance companies and securities firms. Competition among providers of financial products and services continues to increase as technology advances have lowered the barriers to entry for financial technology companies, with customers having the opportunity to select from a growing variety of traditional and  nontraditional  alternatives,  including  crowdfunding,  digital  wallets  and  money  transfer  services.  The  ability  of non-banks to provide services previously limited to traditional banks has intensified competition. Because non-banks are  not  subject  to  many  of  the  same  regulatory  restrictions  as  banks  and  bank  holding  companies,  they  can  often operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures.

If  Comerica  is  unable  to  compete  effectively  in  products  and  pricing  in  its  markets,  business  could  decline,  which could have a material adverse effect on Comerica's business, financial condition or results of operations.

## · The introduction, implementation, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies may be less successful or may be different than anticipated, which could adversely affect Comerica's business.

Comerica  makes  certain  projections  and  develops  plans  and  strategies  for  its  banking  and  financial  products.  If Comerica  does  not  accurately  determine  demand  for  its  banking  and  financial  product  needs,  it  could  result  in Comerica incurring significant expenses without the anticipated increases in revenue, which could result in a material adverse  effect  on  its  business.  Recently  Comerica  expanded  its  presence  in  the  Southeastern  and  Mountain  West regions of the U.S.  If Comerica's expansion is not successful, it could adversely impact Comerica's expenses.

## · Management's ability to maintain and expand customer relationships may differ from expectations.

The  financial  services  industry  is  very  competitive.  Comerica  not  only  vies  for  business  opportunities  with  new customers,  but  also  competes  to  maintain  and  expand  the  relationships  it  has  with  its  existing  customers.  While management believes that it can continue to grow many of these relationships, Comerica will continue to experience pressures  to  maintain  these  relationships  as  its  competitors  attempt  to  capture  its  customers.  Failure  to  create  new customer  relationships  and  to  maintain  and  expand  existing  customer  relationships  to  the  extent  anticipated  may adversely impact Comerica's earnings.

## · Management's ability to retain key officers and employees may change.

Comerica's future operating results depend substantially upon the continued service of its executive officers and key personnel.  Comerica's  future  operating  results  also  depend  in  significant  part  upon  its  ability  to  attract  and  retain qualified  management,  financial,  technical,  marketing,  sales  and  support  personnel.  Competition  for  qualified personnel is intense, and Comerica cannot ensure success in attracting or retaining qualified personnel. There may be only  a  limited  number  of  persons  with  the  requisite  skills  to  serve  in  these  positions,  and  it  may  be  increasingly difficult  for  Comerica  to  hire  personnel  over  time.  The  increased  prevalence  of  remote  work  environments  has intensified the competition for talent as job opportunities may be less constrained by physical geography.

Further,  Comerica's  ability  to  retain  key  officers  and  employees  may  be  impacted  by  legislation  and  regulation affecting the financial services industry. In 2016, the FRB, OCC and several other federal financial regulators revised and  re-proposed  rules  to  implement  Section  956  of  the  Dodd-Frank  Act.  Section  956  directed  regulators  to  jointly prescribe  regulations  or  guidelines  prohibiting  incentive-based  payment  arrangements,  or  any  feature  of  any  such arrangement, at covered financial institutions that encourage inappropriate risks by providing excessive compensation or that could lead to a material financial loss. Consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act, the proposed rule would impose heightened standards for institutions with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets, which includes Comerica. For  these  larger  institutions,  the  proposed  rule  would  require  the  deferral  of  at  least  40  percent  of  incentive-based payments  for  designated  executives  and  significant  risk-takers  who  individually  have  the  ability  to  expose  the institution  to  possible  losses  that  are  substantial  in  relation  to  the  institution's  size,  capital  or  overall  risk  tolerance. Moreover, incentive-based compensation of these individuals would be subject to potential clawback for seven years following vesting. Further, the rule imposes enhanced risk management controls and governance and internal policy and procedure requirements with respect to incentive compensation. Accordingly, Comerica may be at a disadvantage to offer competitive compensation compared to other financial institutions (as referenced above) or companies in other industries, which may not be subject to the same requirements.

Comerica's business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by the loss of any of its key employees, or Comerica's inability to attract and retain skilled employees.

## · Any  future  strategic  acquisitions  or  divestitures  may  present  certain  risks  to  Comerica's  business  and operations.

Difficulties  in  capitalizing  on  the  opportunities  presented  by  a  future  acquisition  may  prevent  Comerica  from  fully achieving the expected benefits from the acquisition, or may cause the achievement of such expectations to take longer to realize than expected.

Further, the assimilation of any acquired entity's customers and markets could result in higher than expected deposit attrition,  loss  of  key  employees,  disruption  of  Comerica's  businesses  or  the  businesses  of  the  acquired  entity  or otherwise adversely affect Comerica's ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. These matters could have an adverse effect on Comerica for an undetermined period. Comerica would be subject to similar risks and difficulties in connection with any future decisions to downsize, sell or close units or otherwise change the business mix of Comerica.

## GENERAL RISK

## · General political, economic or industry conditions, either domestically or internationally, may be less favorable than expected.

Local,  domestic,  and  international  events  including  economic,  financial  market,  political  and  industry-specific conditions  affect  the  financial  services  industry,  directly  and  indirectly.  The  economic  environment  and  market conditions  in  which  Comerica  operates  continue  to  be  uncertain.  The  U.S.  economy  is  facing  headwinds  from recessionary pressures, surging interest rates, high inflation, the end of fiscal stimulus, lower housing market activity and  weak  export  markets  abroad.  Foreign  developments  pose  additional  headwinds,  including  the  impacts  of  the Russia-Ukraine conflict, uncertainties about China's reopening and the impact of tighter monetary policy across much of the global economy. While some of these headwinds are expected to dissipate in 2023, U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit  concerns  have  increased  the  possibility  of  further  credit-rating  downgrades  and  economic  slowdowns,  or  a recession  in  the  U.S.  Conditions  related  to  inflation,  recession,  unemployment,  volatile  interest  rates,  international conflicts, changes in trade policies and other factors, such as real estate values, energy prices, state and local municipal budget deficits, government spending and the U.S. national debt, outside of our control may, directly and indirectly, adversely affect Comerica.

## · Inflation could negatively impact Comerica's business, profitability and stock price.

Prolonged periods of inflation may impact Comerica profitability by negatively impacting its fixed costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expense related to talent acquisition and retention, and negatively impacting the demand for its products and services. Additionally, inflation may lead to a decrease in consumer and clients purchasing power  and  negatively  affect  the  need  or  demand  for  Comerica's  products  and  services.  If  significant  inflation continues, Comerica's business could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased default rates leading to credit losses which could decrease the appetite for new credit extensions. These inflationary pressures could result in missed earnings and budgetary projections causing Comerica's stock price to suffer.

## · Methods of reducing risk exposures might not be effective.

Instruments, systems and strategies used to hedge or otherwise manage exposure to various types of credit, market, liquidity,  technology,  operational,  compliance,  financial  reporting  and  strategic  risks  could  be  less  effective  than anticipated.  As  a  result,  Comerica  may  not  be  able  to  effectively  mitigate  its  risk  exposures  in  particular  market environments or against particular types of risk, which could have a material adverse impact on Comerica's business, financial condition or results of operations.

For  more  information  regarding  risk  management,  please  see  "Risk  Management"  starting  on  page  F-15  of  the Financial Section of this report.

## · Catastrophic  events,  including  pandemics,  may  adversely  affect  the  general  economy,  financial  and  capital markets, specific industries, and Comerica.

Acts of terrorism, cyber-terrorism, political unrest, war, civil disturbance, armed regional and international hostilities and international responses to these hostilities, natural disasters (including tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, droughts and floods), global health risks or pandemics, or the threat of or perceived potential for these events could have a negative impact on us. Comerica's business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be successful upon the occurrence of one of these scenarios, and a significant catastrophic event anywhere in the world could materially adversely affect Comerica's operating results.

In particular, certain of the regions where Comerica operates, including California, Texas, and Florida, are known for being  vulnerable  to  natural  disasters.  These  types  of  natural  catastrophic  events  have  at  times  disrupted  the  local economies,  Comerica's  business  and  customers,  and  have  caused  physical  damage  to  Comerica's  property  in  these regions.

In addition, COVID-19 and concerns regarding the extent to which it may continue to spread, including the currently discovered and potential future variants of COVID-19, have affected, and may increasingly affect, international trade (including supply chains and export levels), travel, employee productivity, and other economic activities. COVID-19 or other potential epidemics or pandemics, have the potential to negatively impact Comerica's and/or its clients' costs, demand  for  its  clients'  products,  and/or  the  U.S.  economy  or  certain  sectors  thereof  and,  thus,  adversely  affect Comerica's business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Further, catastrophic events may have an impact on Comerica's customers and in turn, on Comerica.

In addition, these events have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on the U.S. and world economy in general and consumer confidence and spending in particular, which could harm Comerica's operations. Any of these events could increase volatility in the U.S. and world financial markets, which could harm Comerica's stock price and may limit the capital resources available to Comerica and its customers. This could have a material adverse impact on Comerica's  operating  results,  revenues  and  costs  and  may  result  in  increased  volatility  in  the  market  price  of Comerica's common stock.

## · Climate  change  manifesting  as  physical  or  transition  risks  could  adversely  affect  Comerica's  operations, businesses and customers.

There is an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical  risks  of  climate  change  include  discrete  events,  such  as  flooding  and  wildfires,  and  longer  term  shifts  in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. Such events could disrupt Comerica's operations or those of its clients or third parties on which it relies, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. Additionally, transitioning to a low carbon  economy  may  entail  extensive  policy,  legal,  technology,  and  market  initiatives.  Transition  risks,  including changes  in  consumer  preferences  and  additional  regulatory  requirements  or  taxes,  could  increase  expenses  and undermine business strategies. In addition, Comerica's reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of practices related to climate change, including its involvement, or its clients' involvement, in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions Comerica makes to continue to  conduct  or  change  its  activities  in  response  to  considerations  relating  to  climate  change,  including  the  setting  of climate-related goals, commitments and targets. As climate risk is interconnected with all key risk types, Comerica is advancing its processes to embed climate risk considerations into risk management strategies such as market, credit and  operational  risks;  however,  because  the  timing  and  severity  of  climate  change  may  not  be  predictable,  risk management strategies may not be effective in mitigating climate risk exposure.

## · Changes in accounting standards could materially impact Comerica's financial statements.

From time to time accounting standards setters change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of Comerica's financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how Comerica records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, Comerica could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in changes to previously reported financial results, or a cumulative charge to retained earnings.

## · Comerica's accounting estimates and processes are critical to the reporting of financial condition and results of operations. They require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain.

Accounting estimates and processes are fundamental to how Comerica records and reports its financial condition and results  of  operations.  Management  must  exercise  judgment  in  selecting  and  applying  many  of  these  accounting estimates  and  processes  so  they  comply  with  U.S.  Generally  Accepted  Accounting  Principles  ("GAAP").  In  some cases, management must select an accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which may be reasonable under the circumstances, yet may result in the Company reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative.

Management has identified certain accounting estimates as being critical because they require management's judgment to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. Comerica has established detailed policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing  methodologies  occurs  in  an  appropriate  manner.  Because  of  the  uncertainty  surrounding  management's judgments  and  the  estimates  pertaining  to  these  matters,  Comerica  cannot  guarantee  that  it  will  not  be  required  to adjust accounting policies or restate prior period financial statements. See 'Critical Accounting Estimates' starting on page F-31 of the Financial Section of this report and Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements starting on page F-43 of the Financial Section of this report.

## · Comerica's stock price can be volatile.

Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for shareholders to resell their common stock when they want and at prices  they  find  attractive.  Comerica's  stock  price  can  fluctuate  significantly  in  response  to  a  variety  of  factors including, among other things:

- Actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations.
- Recommendations or projections by securities analysts.
- Operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to Comerica.

- News reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry.
- Perceptions in the marketplace regarding Comerica and/or its competitors.
- New technology used, or services offered, by competitors.
- Significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving Comerica or its competitors.
- Changes in dividends and capital returns.
- Changes in government regulations.
- Cyclical fluctuations.
- Geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism or military conflicts.
- Activity by short sellers and changing government restrictions on such activity.

General market fluctuations, including real or anticipated changes in the strength of the economy; industry factors and general  economic  and  political  conditions  and  events,  such  as  economic  slowdowns  or  recessions;  interest  rate changes,  oil  price  volatility  or  credit  loss  trends,  among  other  factors,  could  also  cause  Comerica's  stock  price  to decrease regardless of operating results.

For the above and other reasons, the market price of Comerica's securities may not accurately reflect the underlying value of the securities, and investors should consider this before relying on the market prices of Comerica's securities when making an investment decision.

## Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

## Item 2.  Properties.

The executive offices of Comerica are located in the Comerica Bank Tower, 1717 Main Street, Dallas, Texas 75201. Comerica Bank occupies six floors of the building, plus additional space on the building's lower level. Comerica does not own the Comerica Bank Tower space, but has naming rights to the building and leases the space from an unaffiliated third party. The lease for the majority of such space used by Comerica and its subsidiaries extends through September 2028; however, the lease for one floor will terminate sooner, in November 2023. Comerica's Michigan headquarters are located in a 10-story building in the  central  business  district  of  Detroit,  Michigan  at  411  W.  Lafayette,  Detroit,  Michigan  48226.  Such  building  is  owned  by Comerica Bank. As of December 31, 2022, Comerica, through its banking affiliates, operated at a total of 551 locations. This includes banking centers, trust services locations, and/or loan production or other financial services offices, primarily in the States of Texas, Michigan, California, Florida and Arizona. Of the 551 locations, 217 were owned and 334 were leased. As of December  31,  2022,  affiliates  also  operated  from  leased  spaces  in  Denver,  Colorado;  Wilmington,  Delaware;  Alpharetta, Georgia; Rosemont, Illinois; Boston, Massachusetts; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Morristown, New Jersey; New York, New York; Charlotte, North Carolina; Raleigh, North Carolina; Winston-Salem, North Carolina; Charleston, South Carolina; Greenville, South  Carolina;  Memphis,  Tennessee;  Bellevue,  Washington;  Monterrey,  Mexico;  Toronto,  Ontario,  Canada  and  Windsor, Ontario, Canada. Comerica and its subsidiaries own, among other properties, a check processing center in Livonia, Michigan, and three buildings in Auburn Hills, Michigan, used mainly for lending functions and operations.

## Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.

Please see Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements starting on page F-90 of the Financial Section of this report.

## Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

## PART II

## Item  5.    Market  for  Registrant's  Common  Equity,  Related  Stockholder  Matters  and  Issuer  Purchases  of  Equity Securities.

## Market Information, Holders of Common Stock and Dividends

The common stock of Comerica Incorporated is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE Trading Symbol: CMA). At February 10, 2023, there were approximately 8,031 record holders of Comerica's common stock.

Subject to approval of the Board of Directors, applicable regulatory requirements and the Series A Preferred Stock dividend preference, Comerica expects to continue its policy of paying regular cash dividends on a quarterly basis. A discussion of dividend restrictions applicable to Comerica is set forth in Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements starting on page F-88 of the Financial Section of this report, in the "Capital" section starting on page F-14 of the Financial Section of this report and in the 'Supervision and Regulation' section of this report.

## Performance Graph

Our performance graph is available under the caption "Performance Graph" on page F-2 of the Financial Section of this report.

## Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

As  of  December  31,  2022,  a  total  of  97.2  million  shares  have  been  authorized  for  repurchase  under  the  share repurchase program since its inception in 2010. There is no expiration date for Comerica's share repurchase program.

The following table summarizes Comerica's share repurchase activity for the year ended December 31, 2022.

| (shares in thousands)  Total Number of Shares  Purchased as  Part of Publicly  Announced Repurchase  Plans or Programs  Remaining Share  Repurchase  Authorization (a)  Total Number  of Shares  Purchased (b)  Average Price  Paid Per  Share  Total first quarter 2022  377  4,997  399  $  92.58  Total second quarter 2022  -  4,997  2  90.85  Total third quarter 2022  -  4,997  2  74.64  October 2022  -  4,997  2  72.44  November 2022  -  4,997  -  -  December 2022  -  4,997  -  -  Total fourth quarter 2022  -  4,997  2  72.44  Total 2022  377  4,997  405  $  92.39   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the publicly announced plans or programs.

(b) Includes approximately 28,000 shares (including 2,000 shares in the quarter ended December 31, 2022) purchased pursuant to deferred compensation plans and shares purchased from employees to pay for taxes related to restricted stock vesting under the terms of an employee share-based compensation plan during the year ended December 31, 2022. These transactions are not considered part of Comerica's repurchase program.

## Item 6.  [Reserved]

## Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Reference is made to the sections entitled '2022 Overview,' 'Results of Operations," "Strategic Lines of Business," "Balance Sheet and Capital Funds Analysis," "Risk Management," "Critical Accounting Estimates," "Supplemental Financial Data" and "Forward-Looking Statements" on pages F-3 through F-37 of the Financial Section of this report.

## Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Reference is made to the subheadings entitled 'Market and Liquidity Risk,' 'Operational Risk,' "Technology Risk," 'Compliance Risk' and 'Strategic Risk' on pages F-24 through F-30 of the Financial Section of this report.

## Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Reference  is  made  to  the  sections  entitled  'Consolidated  Balance  Sheets,'  'Consolidated  Statements  of  Income,' 'Consolidated  Statements  of  Comprehensive  Income,'  'Consolidated  Statements  of  Changes  in  Shareholders'  Equity,' 'Consolidated  Statements  of  Cash  Flows,'  'Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements,'  'Report  of  Management,'  and 'Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,' (PCAOB ID: 42) on pages F-38 through F-104 of the Financial Section of this report.

## Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

## Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures.

## Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on that evaluation, the  Chief  Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that Comerica's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting and the related attestation report of Comerica's registered public accounting firm are included on pages F-101 and F-102 in the Financial Section of this report.

As required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act, management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the last quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that have materially affected, or are  reasonably  likely  to  materially  affect,  Comerica's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting.  Based  on  that  evaluation,  the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that there has been no such change during the last quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Comerica's internal control over financial reporting.

## Item 9B.  Other Information.

None.

## Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

None.

## PART III

## Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Comerica has a Senior Financial Officer Code of Ethics that applies to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer and the Treasurer. The Senior Financial Officer Code of Ethics is available on Comerica's website at www.comerica.com. If  any substantive amendments are made to the Senior Financial Officer Code of Ethics or if Comerica grants any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Senior Financial Officer Code of Ethics to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Accounting Officer or the Treasurer, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website.

The  remainder  of  the  response  to  this  item  will  be  included  under  the  sections  captioned  'Information  About Nominees,'  'Board  and  Committee  Governance,'  'Committees  and  Meetings  of  Directors,'  and  'Executive  Officers'  of Comerica's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 25, 2023, which sections are hereby incorporated by reference.

## Item 11.  Executive Compensation.

The  response  to  this  item  will  be  included  under  the  sections  captioned  'Compensation  Committee  Interlocks  and Insider Participation,' 'Compensation Discussion and Analysis,' 'Compensation of Directors,' 'Governance, Compensation and  Nominating  Committee  Report,'  '2022  Summary  Compensation  Table,'  '2022  Grants  of  Plan-Based  Awards,' 'Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 2022,' '2022 Option Exercises and Stock Vested,' 'Pension Benefits at Fiscal Year-End 2022,' '2022 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation,' 'Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control at Fiscal Year-End 2022,' and "Pay Ratio Disclosure" of Comerica's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 25, 2023, which sections are hereby incorporated by reference.

## Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The response to this item will be included under the sections captioned 'Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners,' 'Security Ownership of Management' and "Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans" of Comerica's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 25, 2023, which sections are hereby incorporated by reference.

## Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

The response to this item will be included under the sections captioned 'Director Independence' and 'Transactions with Related Persons' of Comerica's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 25, 2023, which sections are hereby incorporated by reference.

## Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

The response to this item will be included under the section captioned 'Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm' of Comerica's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 25, 2023, which section is hereby incorporated by reference.

## PART IV

## Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

The following documents are filed as a part of this report:

1. Financial Statements: The financial statements that are filed as part of this report are included in the Financial Section on pages F-38 through F-104.
2. All of the schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are either not required under the related instruction, the required information is contained elsewhere in the Form 10-K, or the schedules are inapplicable and therefore have been omitted.
3. Exhibits:
4. 2 (not applicable)
5. 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Comerica Incorporated (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 4, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference).
6. 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Comerica Incorporated (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
7. 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Comerica Incorporated (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference).
8. 3.4 Certificate  of  Designations  of  5.625%  Fixed-Rate  Reset  Non-Cumulative  Perpetual  Preferred  Stock,  Series  A, dated May 26, 2020, of Comerica Incorporated (including the form of 5.625% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A Certificate of Comerica Incorporated attached as Exhibit A thereto) (filed as Exhibit  3.1  to  Registrant's  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  dated  May  26,  2020,  and  incorporated  herein  by reference).
9. 4 [Reference  is  made  to  Exhibits  3.1,  3.2,  3.3  and  3.4  in  respect  of  instruments  defining  the  rights  of  security holders.  In  accordance  with  Regulation  S-K  Item  No.  601(b)(4)(iii),  the  Registrant  is  not  filing  copies  of instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt because none of those instruments authorizes debt in excess of 10% of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request.]
10. 4.1 Deposit  Agreement,  dated  May  26,  2020,  among  Comerica  Incorporated,  Computershare  Inc.,  Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts issued thereunder (including the form of depositary share receipt attached as Exhibit A thereto) (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 26, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference).
11. 4.2 Description of Registrant's Securities
12. 9 (not applicable)
13. 10.1† Comerica  Incorporated  Amended  and  Restated  2018  Long-Term  Incentive  Plan  (filed  as  Exhibit  10.1  to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference).
14. A† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (cliff vesting) under the Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 24, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference).
15. B† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement  (non-cliff  vesting)  under  the Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 24, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference).
16. C† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2020 non-cliff vesting) under the Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1I to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference).
17. D† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2-year cliff vesting) under the Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan  (filed as Exhibit 10.1H to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference).
18. E† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2021 three-year non-cliff vesting) under the Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1K to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference).

- F† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (non-cliff vesting without retirement provisions) under the Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1N to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference).
- G† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement  (Director  Version)  under  the Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1L to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference).
- H† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Senior Executive Long-Term Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2020 version) (filed as Exhibit 10.1G to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference).
- I† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Senior Executive Long-Term Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2022 version) (filed as Exhibit 10.1H to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference).
- J† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Senior Executive Long-Term Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2023 version) (filed as Exhibit 10.1N to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference).
- K† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Restricted  Stock  Agreement  (cliff  vesting)  under  the  Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 24, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference).
- L† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Restricted  Stock  Agreement  (non-cliff  vesting)  under  the  Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 24, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference).
- M† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Agreement  under  the  Comerica Incorporated 2018 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 24, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.2† Comerica  Incorporated  2006  Amended  and  Restated  Long-Term  Incentive  Plan  (filed  as  Exhibit  10.1  to Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).
- A† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Agreement  under  the  Comerica Incorporated Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2012 version) (filed as Exhibit 10.1C to Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
- B† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Agreement  under  the  Comerica Incorporated  Amended  and  Restated  2006  Long-Term  Incentive  Plan  (2014  version)  (filed  as  Exhibit  10.1  to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 21, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
- C† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Agreement  under  the  Comerica Incorporated Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2014 version 2) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 22, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference).
- D† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Agreement  under  the  Comerica Incorporated  Amended  and  Restated  2006  Long-Term  Incentive  Plan  (2015  version)  (filed  as  Exhibit  10.2  to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 10, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).
- E† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Non-Qualified  Stock  Option  Agreement  under  the  Comerica Incorporated Amended and Restated 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2017 version) (filed as Exhibit 10.1G to Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).
- F† Form  of  Standard  Comerica  Incorporated  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Award  Agreement  under  the  Amended  and Restated  Comerica  Incorporated  2006  Long-Term  Incentive  Plan  (2018  version  -  non-cliff  vesting)  (filed  as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 8, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.3† Comerica Incorporated 2016 Management Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 2, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).

- 10.4† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated No Sale Agreement under the Comerica Incorporated Amended and Restated Management Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.5† Supplemental  Retirement  Income  Account  Plan  (formerly  known  as  the  Amended  and  Restated  Benefit Equalization  Plan  for  Employees  of  Comerica  Incorporated)  (amended  and  restated  October  13,  2016,  with amendments effective January 1, 2017) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2017, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.6† 1999  Comerica  Incorporated  Amended  and  Restated  Deferred  Compensation  Plan  (amended  and  restated effective December 31, 2022) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 8, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.7† 1999 Comerica Incorporated Amended and Restated Common Stock Deferred Incentive Award Plan (amended and  restated  effective  December  31,  2022)  (filed  as  Exhibit  10.2  to  Registrant's  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K dated November 8, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.8† Amended and Restated Comerica Incorporated Non-Employee Director Fee Deferral Plan (amended and restated effective  July  1,  2020)  (filed  as  Exhibit  10.11  to  Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter ended June 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.9† Amended  and  Restated  Comerica  Incorporated  Common  Stock  Non-Employee  Director  Fee  Deferral  Plan (amended and restated effective July 1, 2020)(filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.10† Comerica  Incorporated  Amended  and  Restated  Incentive  Plan  for  Non-Employee  Directors  (amended  and restated  effective  May 15, 2014) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).
- A† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Comerica Incorporated Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2005, and incorporated herein by reference).
- B† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Comerica Incorporated Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Version 2) (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006, and incorporated herein by reference).
- C† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Comerica Incorporated Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Version 2.5) (filed as Exhibit  10.48  to  Registrant's  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2010,  and incorporated herein by reference).
- D† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Comerica Incorporated Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Version 3) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference).
- E† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Comerica Incorporated Amended and Restated Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (Version 4) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.11† 2015 Comerica Incorporated Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).
- A† Form of Standard Comerica Incorporated Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the 2015 Comerica Incorporated Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.12† Form  of  Indemnification  Agreement  between  Comerica  Incorporated  and  certain  of  its  directors  and  officers (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference).
- 10.13† Supplemental  Pension  and  Retiree  Medical  Agreement  with  Ralph  W.  Babb  Jr.  (filed  as  Exhibit  10.2  to Registrant's  Quarterly  Report  on  Form  10-Q  for  the  quarter  ended  June  30,  1998,  and  incorporated  herein  by reference).

| - 10.14† Restrictive Covenants and General Release Agreement by and between John D. Buchanan and Comerica Incorporated dated May 12, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 12, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference.)  - 10.15† Form  of  Change  of  Control  Employment  Agreement  (BE4  and  Higher  Version  without  gross-up  or  window period-current) (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference).  - A† Schedule of Named Executive Officers Party to Change of Control Employment Agreement (BE4 and Higher Version without gross-up or window period-current).  - 10.16† Form  of  Change  of  Control  Employment  Agreement  (BE4  and  Higher  Version  without  gross-up  or  window period-2015 version) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference).  - A† Schedule of Named Executive Officers Party to Change of Control Employment Agreement (BE4 and Higher Version without gross-up or window period-2015 version).  - 10.17† Form  of  Change  of  Control  Employment  Agreement  (BE4  and  Higher  Version)  (filed  as  Exhibit  10.1  to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 18, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference).  - A† Schedule of Named Executive Officers Party to Change of Control Employment Agreement (BE4 and Higher Version).  - 10.18† Form  of  Change  of  Control  Employment  Agreement  (BE4  and  Higher  Version  without  gross-up  or  window period-2009  version)  (filed  as  Exhibit  10.42  to  Registrant's  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference).  - 10.19† Form of Change of Control Employment Agreement (BE2-BE3 Version) (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference).  - 13 (not applicable)  - 14 (not applicable)  - 16 (not applicable)  - 18 (not applicable)  - 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant.  - 22 (not applicable)  - 23.1 Consent of Ernst &amp; Young LLP.  - 24 (not applicable)  - 31.1 Chairman, President and CEO Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Periodic Report (pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002).  - 31.2 Senior Executive Vice President and CFO Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Periodic Report (pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002).  - 32 Section 1350 Certification of Periodic Report (pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002).  - 33 (not applicable)  - 34 (not applicable)  - 35 (not applicable)  - 95 (not applicable)  - 96 (not applicable)  - 99 (not applicable)  - 101 Financial statements from the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted  in  Inline  XBRL:  (i)  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets,  (ii)  the  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 104 The  cover  page  from  the  Registrant's  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101).
- † Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

File No. for all filings under Exchange Act, unless otherwise noted: 1-10706.

## Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary.

Not applicable.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW AND REPORTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

| 2022 Overview  F-3  Results of Operations  F-3  Strategic Lines of Business  F-8  Balance Sheet and Capital Funds Analysis  F-11  Risk Management  F-15  Critical Accounting Estimates  F-31  Supplemental Financial Data  F-34  Forward-Looking Statements  F-36  Consolidated Financial Statements:  Consolidated Balance Sheets  F-38  Consolidated Statements of Income  F-39  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  F-40  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity  F-41  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  F-42  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  F-43  Report of Management  F-101  Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  F-102  Performance Graph  F-2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PERFORMANCE GRAPH

The graph shown below compares the total returns (assuming reinvestment of dividends) of Comerica Incorporated common stock, the S&amp;P 500 Index and the KBW Bank Index. The graph assumes $100 invested in Comerica Incorporated common  stock  (returns  based  on  stock  prices  per  the  NYSE)  and  each  of  the  indices  on  December  31,  2017  and  the reinvestment of all dividends during the periods presented.

Comparison of Five Year Cumulative Total Return Among Comerica Incorporated, KBW Bank and S&amp;P 500 Index (Assumes $100 Invested on 12/31/17 and Reinvestment of Dividends)

<!-- image -->

| 2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Comerica Incorporated  100  81  88  73  118  94  KBW Bank Index  100  82  112  100  139  109  S&amp;P 500 Index  100  96  126  149  191  157   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The performance shown on the graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance.

## 2022 OVERVIEW

Comerica  Incorporated  (the  Corporation)  is  a  financial  holding  company  headquartered  in  Dallas,  Texas.  The Corporation's major business segments are the Commercial Bank, the Retail Bank and Wealth Management. Information about the activities of the Corporation's business segments is provided in Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.

As a financial institution, the Corporation's principal activity is lending to and accepting deposits from businesses and individuals. The primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is principally derived from the difference between interest earned on loans and investment securities and interest paid on deposits and other funding sources. The Corporation also provides  other  products  and  services  that  meet  the  financial  needs  of  customers  which  generate  noninterest  income,  the Corporation's  secondary  source  of  revenue.  Growth  in  loans,  deposits  and  noninterest  income  is  affected  by  many  factors, including  economic  conditions  in  the  markets  the  Corporation  serves,  the  financial  requirements  and  economic  health  of customers and the ability to add new customers and/or increase the number of products used by current customers. Success in providing products and services depends on the financial needs of customers and the types of products desired.

The accounting and reporting policies of the Corporation and its subsidiaries conform to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States (U.S.). The Corporation's consolidated financial statements are prepared based on the application  of  accounting  policies,  the  most  significant  of  which  are  described  in  Note  1  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.  When  necessary,  the  Corporation  uses  reasonable  assumptions  to  develop  estimates  that  affect  the  consolidated results of operations. The most critical of these estimates are discussed in the 'Critical Accounting Estimates' section of this financial review.

## Full-Year 2022 compared to Full-Year 2021

- Net income decreased $17 million to $1.2 billion, driven by an increase in the provision for credit losses, partially offset  by  an  increase  in  net  interest  income  due  to  higher  short-term  rates  and  growth  in  investment  securities  and loans. Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue (PPNR) increased $430 million to $1.5 billion. (See Supplemental Financial Data section for reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures.) Diluted net income per common share was $8.47 in 2022 compared to $8.35 in 2021.
- Average  loans  increased  $1.4  billion,  or  3  percent,  to  $50.5  billion,  and  included  increases  in  Corporate  Banking, general Middle Market, Equity Fund Services, Environmental Services, National Dealer Services, Commercial Real Estate  and  Entertainment  Lending,  partially  offset  by  declines  in  Mortgage  Banker  Finance,  Business  Banking  and Retail Banking. Excluding the impact of a $2.2 billion decline in average Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans, which are reported within lines of business, average loans increased $3.6 billion, or 8 percent.
- Average  securities  increased  $3.3  billion,  or  21  percent,  to  $19.0  billion,  reflecting  the  investment  of  a  portion  of excess liquidity into mortgage-backed securities, partly offset by maturities of Treasury securities.
- Average deposits decreased $2.2 billion, or 3 percent, to $75.5 billion. Average interest-bearing deposits decreased $2.8 billion, or 8 percent, reflecting strategic deposit management and customers utilizing balances to fund business activities, partially offset by an increase in average noninterest bearing-deposits of $577 million, or 1 percent.
- Net interest income increased $622 million to $2.5 billion, and the net interest margin increased 81 basis points to 3.02 percent,  largely  due  to  higher  short-term  rates  and  growth  in  loans  and  securities  balances,  partly  offset  by  the  net impact of PPP loans.
- The provision for credit losses increased to an expense of $60 million, compared to a benefit of $384 million in 2021, which  was  primarily  the  result  of  loan  growth  and  reflected  strong  credit  metrics  and  a  modest  deterioration  in economic forecasts.
- Noninterest income decreased $55 million to $1.1 billion, reflecting decreases in deferred compensation asset returns (offset  in  noninterest  expenses),  warrant-related  income,  card  fees  and  investment  banking  fees,  partially  offset  by increases in derivative income, risk management hedging income, brokerage fees and commercial lending fees.
- Noninterest  expenses  increased  $137  million  to  $2.0  billion,  primarily  due  to  increases  in  salaries  and  benefits expense,  operational  losses,  occupancy  expense,  travel  and  entertainment  expense,  FDIC  insurance  expense  and consulting fees, partially offset by decreases in outside processing fee expense, non-salary pension expense and legalrelated expenses.
- The  Corporation  declared  common  dividends  of  $2.72  per  share,  returning  $391  million  to  common  shareholders. Additionally, the Corporation declared $23 million in preferred dividends.

## RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The  following  provides  a  comparative  discussion  of  the  Corporation's  consolidated  results  of  operations  for  2022 compared to 2021. A comparative discussion of results for 2021 compared to 2020 is provided in the "Results of Operations" section beginning on page F-4 of the Corporation's 2021 Annual Report.

## Analysis of Net Interest Income

(dollar amounts in millions)

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Average  Balance  Interest  Average  Rate  Average  Balance  Interest  Average  Rate  Average  Balance  Interest  Average  Rate  Commercial loans (a) (b)  $  29,846  $  1,278  4.28%  $  29,283  $  1,009  3.45%  $  32,144  $  1,099  3.42%  Real estate construction loans  2,607  132  5.07  3,609  123  3.40  3,912  147  3.76  Commercial mortgage loans  12,135  513  4.22  10,610  305  2.88  9,839  320  3.25  Lease financing (c)  680  21  3.12  596  (2)  (0.37)  594  20  3.37  International loans  1,246  56  4.46  1,063  33  3.14  1,028  37  3.61  Residential mortgage loans  1,776  56  3.16  1,813  55  3.04  1,905  66  3.45  Consumer loans  2,170  97  4.49  2,109  71  3.34  2,209  84  3.80  Total loans (d)  50,460  2,153  4.27  49,083  1,594  3.25  51,631  1,773  3.44  Mortgage-backed securities (e)  16,199  385  2.14  11,747  224  1.92  9,820  221  2.30  U.S. Treasury securities (f)  2,816  29  0.98  3,977  56  1.42  3,612  70  1.98  Total investment securities  19,015  414  1.97  15,724  280  1.79  13,432  291  2.21  Interest-bearing deposits with banks (g)  9,376  104  1.02  18,729  27  0.14  10,203  28  0.27  Other short-term investments  174  1  0.81  183  -  0.22  153  1  0.72  Total earning assets  79,025  2,672  3.27  83,719  1,901  2.27  75,419  2,093  2.79  Cash and due from banks  1,481  1,006  878  Allowance for loan losses  (569)  (729)  (900)  Accrued income and other assets  7,335  6,156  5,749  Total assets  $  87,272  $  90,152  $  81,146  Money market and interest-bearing checking deposits (h)  $  28,347  94  0.33  $  31,063  18  0.06  $  26,798  72  0.27  Savings deposits  3,304  2  0.05  3,018  -  0.01  2,454  1  0.03  Customer certificates of deposit  1,756  5  0.30  2,110  4  0.21  2,626  27  1.02  Other time deposits  16  1  4.17  -  -  -  17  -  2.00  Foreign office time deposits  40  -  1.05  49  -  0.08  90  1  0.42  Total interest-bearing deposits  33,463  102  0.30  36,240  22  0.06  31,985  101  0.31  Federal funds purchased  82  3  3.28  2  -  -  30  -  0.98  Other short-term borrowings  354  14  4.08  -  -  -  284  1  0.25  Medium- and long-term debt  2,818  87  3.07  3,035  35  1.11  6,549  80  1.23  Total interest-bearing sources  36,717  206  0.56  39,277  57  0.14  38,848  182  0.47  Noninterest-bearing deposits  42,018  41,441  33,053  Accrued expenses and other liabilities  2,086  1,481  1,554  Shareholders' equity  6,451  7,953  7,691  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  $  87,272  $  90,152  $  81,146  Net interest income/rate spread  $  2,466  2.71  $  1,844  2.13  $  1,911  2.32  Impact of net noninterest-bearing sources of funds  0.31  0.08  0.22  Net interest margin (as a percentage of average earning  assets)  3.02%  2.21%  2.54%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Interest income on commercial loans included $(25) million, $95 million and $70 million of business loan swap (loss) income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

(b) Included  Paycheck  Protection  Program  (PPP)  loans  with  average  balances  of  $147  million,  $2.3  billion  and  $2.5  billion,  interest income of $11 million, $111 million and $63 million and average yields of 7.25%, 4.77% and 2.49% for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

(c) Included residual value adjustments totaling $3 million and $20 million, which impacted the average yield on loans by 1 basis point and 4 basis points for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no residual value adjustments recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020.

(d) Nonaccrual loans are included in average balances reported and in the calculation of average rates.

(e) Average balances included $(1.8) billion, $61 million and $213 million of unrealized (losses) gains for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; yields calculated gross of these unrealized gains and losses.

(f) Average balances included $(117) million, $27 million and $90 million of unrealized (losses) gains for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; yields calculated gross of these unrealized gains and losses.

(g) Average  balances  excluded  $769  million,  $375  million  and  $28  million  of  collateral  posted  and  netted  against  derivative  liability positions for the  years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; yields calculated gross of derivative netting amounts.

(h) Average  balances  excluded  $128  million,  $156  million  and  $279  million  of  collateral  posted  and  netted  against  derivative  liability positions for the  years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; yields calculated gross of derivative netting amounts.

## Rate/Volume Analysis

(in millions)

| Years Ended December 31  2022/2021  2021/2020  Increase  (Decrease)  Due to Rate  Increase  (Decrease)  Due to  Volume (a)  Net  Increase  (Decrease)  Decrease  Due to Rate  (Decrease)  Increase  Due to  Volume (a)  Net  (Decrease)  Increase  Interest Income:  Commercial loans  $  244  $  25  $  269  $  (1)  $  (89)  $  (90)  Real estate construction loans  60  (51)  9  (14)  (10)  (24)  Commercial mortgage loans  143  65  208  (37)  22  (15)  Lease financing  21  2  23  (22)  -  (22)  International loans  14  9  23  (5)  1  (4)  Residential mortgage loans  2  (1)  1  (8)  (3)  (11)  Consumer loans  24  2  26  (10)  (3)  (13)  Total loans  508  51  559  (97)  (82)  (179)  Mortgage-backed securities  5  156  161  (37)  40  3  U.S. Treasury securities  (17)  (10)  (27)  (20)  6  (14)  Total investment securities  (12)  146  134  (57)  46  (11)  Interest-bearing deposits with banks  170  (93)  77  (13)  12  (1)  Other short-term investments  1  -  1  (1)  -  (1)  Total interest income  667  104  771  (168)  (24)  (192)  Interest Expense:  Money market and interest-bearing checking deposits  85  (9)  76  (56)  2  (54)  Savings deposits  2  -  2  (1)  -  (1)  Customer certificates of deposit  2  (1)  1  (22)  (1)  (23)  Other time deposits  -  1  1  -  -  -  Foreign office time deposits  -  -  -  (1)  -  (1)  Total interest-bearing deposits  89  (9)  80  (80)  1  (79)  Federal funds purchased  -  3  3  -  -  -  Other short term borrowings  -  14  14  -  (1)  (1)  Medium- and long-term debt  43  9  52  (7)  (38)  (45)  Total interest expense  132  17  149  (87)  (38)  (125)  Net interest income  $  535  $  87  $  622  $  (81)  $  14  $  (67)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Rate/volume variances are allocated to variances due to volume.

Net interest income is the difference between interest earned on assets and interest paid on liabilities. Gains and losses related to risk management interest rate swaps that convert fixed rate debt to a floating rate and qualify as fair value hedges are included in interest expense on medium- and long-term debt. Additionally, the portion of gains and losses on risk management interest rate swaps that convert variable-rate loans to fixed rates through cash flow hedges that relate to the earnings effect of the hedged loans during the period are included in loan interest income. Refer to the Analysis of Net Interest Income and the Rate/Volume Analysis tables above for an analysis of net interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and details of the components of the change in net interest income for 2022 compared to 2021 as well as 2021 compared to 2020.

Net interest income was $2.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of $622 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net interest income reflected higher yields on earning assets and growth in mortgage-backed securities and loan balances, partially offset by higher rates paid on deposits and debt as well as the net impact of  PPP  loans.  Net  interest  margin  was  3.02  percent  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  an  increase  of  81  basis  points compared to 2.21 percent for the comparable period in 2021. The increase in net interest margin was driven by higher shortterm rates as well as a decrease in lower-yielding deposits held with the Federal Reserve.

Average earning assets decreased $4.7 billion, due to declines of $9.4 billion in interest-bearing deposits with banks and  $1.2  billion  in  Treasury  securities,  partially  offset  by  increases  of  $4.5  billion  in  mortgage-backed  securities  and  $1.4 billion in loans. Average interest-bearing funding sources decreased $2.6 billion, reflecting a $2.8 billion decrease in interestbearing deposits, partially offset by a $434 million increase in short-term borrowings.

The Corporation utilizes various asset and liability management strategies to manage net interest income exposure to interest rate risk. Refer to the 'Market and Liquidity Risk' section of this financial review for additional information regarding

the  Corporation's  asset  and  liability  management  policies  and  the  'Balance  Sheet  and  Capital  Funds  Analysis'  section  for further discussion on changes in earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.

## Provision for Credit Losses

The provision for credit losses was an expense of $60 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a benefit  of  $384  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  The  increase  in  provision  was  primarily  the  result  of  loan growth and reflected strong credit metrics and a modest deterioration in economic forecasts. Net loan charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were $17 million, or 0.03 percent of average total loans, compared to net recoveries of $10 million, or 0.02 percent of average total loans, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Energy net charge-offs for the 2022 period totaled $3 million, compared to $48 million of Energy net recoveries recorded in the 2021 period, an increase of $51 million, which was partially offset by decreases of $12 million in general Middle Market and $9 million in Corporate Banking. The provision for credit losses on lending-related commitments increased $35 million to $21 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

An analysis of the allowance for credit losses and a summary of nonperforming assets are presented under the "Credit Risk" subheading in the "Risk Management" section of this financial review. For information regarding methodology used in the determination of allowance for credit losses, refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Noninterest Income

| (in millions)  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Card fees  $  273  $  298  $  270  Fiduciary income  233  231  209  Service charges on deposit accounts  195  195  185  Commercial lending fees  109  104  77  Derivative income  109  99  67  Bank-owned life insurance  47  43  44  Letter of credit fees  38  40  37  Brokerage fees  21  14  21  Other noninterest income (a)  43  99  91  Total noninterest income  $  1,068  $  1,123  $  1,001   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The table below provides further details on certain categories included in other noninterest income.

Noninterest income decreased $55 million to $1.1 billion, reflecting decreases in other noninterest income and card fees, partially offset by increases in derivative income, brokerage fees and commercial lending fees. Other noninterest income included  decreases  in  deferred  compensation  asset  returns  (offset  in  noninterest  expenses),  warrant-related  income  and investment banking fees, partially offset by an increase in risk management hedging income.

Card fees consist primarily of interchange and other fee income earned on government prepaid card, commercial card, debit/Automated Teller Machine (ATM) card and merchant payment processing services. Card fees decreased $25 million, or 8 percent, reflecting a decline in government cards due to elevated activity from stimulus payments during 2021. Commercial card and merchant services increased from higher sales and payment processing volumes, respectively, while ATM surcharge income decreased.

Commercial lending fees include fees assessed on the unused portion of lines of credit (unused commitment fees), syndication agent fees and loan servicing fees. These fees increased $5 million, or 3 percent, reflecting higher syndication agent fees from an increase in the number of deals, as well as an increase in loan commitment fees from growth and lower utilization rates  on  lines  of  credit.  These  increases  were  partially  offset  by  a  decline  in  loan  service  charges  from  lower  application volumes, primarily in Mortgage Banker Finance.

Derivative income consists of net gains and losses recognized on customer-initiated derivative instruments, net of the impact of offsetting positions. Derivative income increased $10 million, or 11 percent, primarily due to increases in energy and interest rate swap activity, partially offset by less favorable credit valuation adjustments.

Brokerage fees are commissions earned for facilitating securities transactions for customers as well as other brokerage services  provided.  Brokerage  fees  increased  $7  million,  or  45  percent,  driven  by  higher  money  market  funds  revenue  from increased service fees, partially offset by lower transactional revenue related to mutual funds.

Other  noninterest  income  decreased  $56  million,  or  55  percent,  as  detailed  below,  driven  by  losses  on  deferred compensation  assets,  lower  warrant-related  income  mostly  due  to  elevated  gains  on  monetization  in  the  2021  period  and  a decrease in investment banking fees from a decline in the average size and number of deals. These were partially offset by higher risk management hedging income related to an increase in price alignment income received for centrally cleared risk management positions.

(in millions)

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Securities trading income  $  13  $  7  $  8  Risk management hedging income (a)  8  -  -  Investment banking fees  4  11  11  Principal investing and warrant-related income (b)  (4)  26  18  Deferred compensation asset returns (c)  (18)  14  16  All other noninterest income  40  41  38  Other noninterest income  $  43  $  99  $  91   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Centrally-cleared derivative positions are settled daily based on derivative fair values and the party receiving net settlement amounts pays price alignment, based on an earning rate, to the party making settlement payments. Accordingly, the Corporation may recognize risk management hedging income consisting of price alignment income or expense depending on the fair value of its positions.

(b) Includes changes in value of shares obtained through monetization of warrants, previously reported in securities trading income.

(c) Compensation  deferred  by  the  Corporation's  officers  and  directors  is  invested  based  on  investment  selections  of  the  officers  and directors.  Income  earned  on  these  assets  is  reported  in  noninterest  income  and  the  offsetting  change  in  deferred  compensation  plan liabilities is reported in salaries and benefits expense.

## Noninterest Expenses

| (in millions)  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Salaries and benefits expense  $  1,208  $  1,133  $  1,019  Outside processing fee expense  251  266  242  Occupancy expense  175  161  156  Software expense  161  155  154  Equipment expense  50  50  49  Advertising expense  38  35  35  FDIC insurance expense  31  22  33  Other noninterest expenses  84  39  66  Total noninterest expenses  $  1,998  $  1,861  $  1,754   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Noninterest  expenses  increased  $137  million  to  $2.0  billion,  primarily  due  to  higher  salaries  and  benefits  expense, operational losses, occupancy expense, travel and entertainment expense, FDIC insurance expense and consulting fees, partially offset by decreases in outside processing fee expense, non-salary pension expense and legal-related expenses.

Salaries and benefits expense increased $75 million, or 7 percent, reflecting increases from annual merit adjustments, performance-  and  stock-based  compensation,  contract  labor  and  severance  costs,  partially  offset  by  a  decrease  in  deferred compensation expense (offset in other noninterest income).

Outside processing fee expense decreased $15 million, or 5 percent, reflecting a decline in data processing support for PPP loans and lower volumes of government card transactions tied to card fee revenues.

Occupancy  expense  increased  $14  million,  or  8  percent,  largely  due  to  lease  termination  costs  and  accelerated amortization related to closures of bank branches and offices, as well as rent on newly leased corporate facilities.

FDIC insurance  expense  increased  $9  million,  or  41  percent,  reflecting  higher  assessment  rates  in  2022  primarily driven by a $16.9 billion decrease in interest-bearing deposits with banks, declining from elevated levels seen in 2021, which had a punitive impact on the assessment rate.

Other noninterest expenses increased $45 million, or 116 percent, driven by increases in operational losses, travel and entertainment  expense  and  consulting  fees,  partially  offset  by  decreases  in  non-salary  pension  expense  and  legal-related expenses.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the above detail included expenses for certain modernization initiatives related to  the  transformation  of  the  retail  banking  delivery  model,  alignment  of  corporate  facilities  and  optimization  of  technology platforms totaling $38 million, comprised of transitional real estate costs ($13 million reported in occupancy expense), asset impairments and consulting fees ($11 million reported in other noninterest expenses) as well as contract labor and severance costs ($14 million reported in salaries and benefits expense).

## Income Taxes and Related Items

The provision for income taxes was $325 million in 2022, compared to $322 million in 2021. Net deferred tax assets were $1.1 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to $9 million at December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for information about the components of net deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets of $1.4 billion were evaluated  for  realization  and  it  was  determined  that  a  valuation  allowance  of  $5  million  for  federal  foreign  tax  credits  and certain state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards was needed at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.

For  further  information  on  the  Corporation's  valuation  policy  for  deferred  tax  assets,  refer  to  Note  1  of  the consolidated financial statements.

## STRATEGIC LINES OF BUSINESS

The Corporation has strategically aligned its operations into three major business segments: the Commercial Bank, the Retail Bank and Wealth Management. These business segments are differentiated based on the type of customer and the related products and services provided. In addition to the three major business segments, the Finance Division is also reported as a segment. The Other category includes items not directly associated with the business segments or the Finance segment. The performance  of  the  business  segments  is  not  comparable  with  the  Corporation's  consolidated  results  and  is  not  necessarily comparable with similar information for any other financial institution. Additionally, because of the interrelationships of the various  segments,  the  information  presented  is  not  indicative  of  how  the  segments  would  perform  if  they  operated  as independent  entities.  Note  22  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  describes  the  Corporation's  segment  reporting methodology as well as the business activities of each business segment and presents financial results of the business segments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

The Corporation's management accounting system assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each segment using  certain  methodologies,  which  are  regularly  reviewed  and  refined.  These  methodologies  may  be  modified  as  the management accounting system is enhanced and changes occur in the organizational structure and/or product lines.

Net interest income for each segment reflects the interest income generated by earning assets less interest expense on interest-bearing  liabilities  plus  the  net  impact  from  associated  internal  funds  transfer  pricing  (FTP).  The  FTP  methodology allocates credits to each business segment for deposits and other funds provided as well as charges for loans and other assets being funded. FTP crediting rates on deposits and other funds provided reflect the long-term value of deposits and other funding sources based on their implied maturities. Due to the longer-term nature of implied maturities, FTP crediting rates are generally less volatile than changes in interest rates observed in the market. FTP charge rates for funding loans and other assets reflect a matched cost of funds based on the pricing and duration characteristics of the assets. As a result of applying matched funding, interest revenue for each segment resulting from loans and other assets is generally not impacted by changes in interest rates. Therefore, net interest income for each segment primarily reflects the volume of loans and other earning assets at the spread over the matched cost of funds, as well as the volume of deposits at the associated FTP crediting rates. Generally, in periods of rising interest rates, FTP charge rates for funding loans and FTP crediting rates on deposits will increase, with FTP crediting rates for deposits typically repricing at a slower pace than FTP charge rates for funding loans.

The following table presents net income (loss) by business segment.

(dollar amounts in millions)

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Commercial Bank  $  1,052  85 %  $  1,329  89 %  $  668  90 %  Retail Bank  80  6  43  3  2  -  Wealth Management  107  9  124  8  78  10  1,239  100 %  1,496  100 %  748  100 %  Finance  (93)  (331)  (253)  Other  5  3  2  Total  $  1,151  $  1,168  $  497   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following sections present a summary of the performance of each of the Corporation's business segments for 2022 compared to 2021.

## Commercial Bank

| Years Ended December 31,  Percent  Change  (dollar amounts in millions)  2022  2021  Change  Earnings summary:  Net interest income  $  1,753  $  1,574  $  179  11  %  Provision for credit losses  32  (346)  378  n/m  Noninterest income  607  663  (56)  (9)  Noninterest expenses  963  870  93  11  Provision for income taxes  313  384  (71)  (19)  Net income  $  1,052  $  1,329  $  (277)  (21)  Net credit-related charge-offs (recoveries)  $  21  $  (12)  $  33  n/m  Selected average balances:  Loans (a)  $  43,481  $  41,801  $  1,680  4 %  Deposits  42,584  45,602  (3,018)  (7)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)  Included  PPP  loans  with  average  balances  of  $100  million  and  $1.8  billion  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021, respectively .

n/m - not meaningful

Average loans increased $1.7 billion, reflecting increases in Corporate Banking, general Middle Market, Equity Fund Services,  Environmental  Services,  National  Dealer  Services,  Commercial  Real  Estate  and  Entertainment,  partially  offset  by decreases  in  Mortgage  Banker  Finance  and  Business  Banking  (driven  by  the  decline  in  PPP  balances).  Average  deposits decreased $3.0 billion, reflecting decreases in general Middle Market, Corporate Banking and Technology and Life Sciences, partially  offset  by  increases  in  Energy  and  Commercial  Real  Estate,  due  to  strategic  deposit  management  and  customers utilizing balances to fund business activities. The Commercial Bank's net income decreased $277 million to $1.1 billion. Net interest income increased $179 million due to an increase in loan income, partially offset by higher allocated net FTP charges and a decline in PPP loan fees. The provision for credit losses increased $378 million to an expense of $32 million, which primarily resulted from loan growth and reflected strong credit metrics and a modest deterioration in economic forecasts. Net credit-related charge-offs were $21 million, an increase of $33 million, primarily due to an increase in Energy net charge-offs, partially offset by decreases in general Middle Market and Corporate Banking net charge-offs. Noninterest income decreased $56  million,  driven  by  lower  warrant-related  income  as  well  as  a  decline  in  card  fees  due  to  higher  activity  in  2021  from stimulus payments. Noninterest expenses increased $93 million, primarily reflecting increases in salaries and benefits expense, corporate overhead and operational losses, partially offset by a decrease in outside processing fee expense.

## Retail Bank

| Years Ended December 31,  Percent  Change  (dollar amounts in millions)  2022  2021  Change  Earnings summary:  Net interest income  $  680  $  565  $  115  20 %  Provision for credit losses  11  (5)  16  n/m  Noninterest income  122  123  (1)  (1)  Noninterest expenses  689  645  44  7  Provision for income taxes  22  5  17  n/m  Net income  $  80  $  43  $  37  90 %  Net credit-related (recoveries) charge-offs  $  (1)  $  2  $  (3)  n/m  Selected average balances:  Loans (a)  $  2,063  $  2,382  $  (319)  (13)  %  Deposits  26,672  25,682  990  4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)  Included  PPP  loans  with  average  balances  of  $31  million  and  $428  million  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021, respectively .

n/m - not meaningful

Average loans decreased $319 million due to a $397 million decline in PPP loans. Average deposits increased $1.0 billion, reflecting increases in all deposit categories with the exception of time deposits as consumer deposits benefited from government  stimulus  payments  made  in  2021,  which  remained  through  2022.  The  Retail  Bank's  net  income  increased  $37 million to $80 million. Net interest income increased $115 million to $680 million, primarily due to higher FTP crediting rates on  deposits.  The  provision  for  credit  losses  increased  $16  million  from  a  benefit  of  $5  million.  Noninterest  income  was relatively stable, while noninterest expenses increased $44 million, primarily due to increases in corporate overhead, occupancy expense, operational losses and salaries and benefits expense, partially offset by a decrease in litigation-related expenses.

## Wealth Management

| Years Ended December 31,  Percent  Change  (dollar amounts in millions)  2022  2021  Change  Earnings summary:  Net interest income  $  199  $  166  $  33  20 %  Provision for credit losses  9  (32)  41  n/m  Noninterest income  298  279  19  7  Noninterest expenses  348  317  31  10  Provision for income taxes  33  36  (3)  (7)  Net income  $  107  $  124  $  (17)  (15)  %  Net credit-related recoveries  $  (3)  $  -  $  (3)  n/m  Selected average balances:  Loans (a)  $  4,906  $  4,903  $  3  -%  Deposits  5,439  5,218  221  4   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)  Included  PPP  loans  with  average  balances  of  $16  million  and  $127  million  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021, respectively .

n/m - not meaningful

Average  loans  remained  relatively  stable  despite  a  $111  million  decrease  in  PPP  loans,  while  average  deposits increased $221 million, primarily reflecting increases in noninterest-bearing and time deposits, partially offset by a decrease in money market and interest-bearing checking deposits. Wealth Management's net income decreased $17 million to $107 million. Net interest income increased $33 million to $199 million, primarily due to an increase in loan income, partially offset by an increase  in  allocated  net  FTP  charges.  The  provision  for  credit  losses  increased  $41  million  to  an  expense  of  $9  million. Noninterest income increased $19 million to $298 million, primarily due to increases in investment fees and derivative income. Noninterest expenses increased $31 million, primarily reflecting higher salaries and benefits expenses and corporate overhead.

## Finance &amp; Other

| Years Ended December 31,  Percent  Change  (dollar amounts in millions)  2022  2021  Change  Earnings summary:  Net interest expense  $  (166)  $  (461)  $  295  (64)  %  Provision for credit losses  8  (1)  9  n/m  Noninterest income  41  58  (17)  (29)  Noninterest expenses  (2)  29  (31)  n/m  Benefit for income taxes  (43)  (103)  60  (58)  Net loss  $  (88)  $  (328)  $  240  (73)  %  Selected average balances:  Loans  $  10  $  (3)  $  13  n/m  Deposits  786  1,179  (393)  (33)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

n/m - not meaningful

Average deposits, which primarily consist of brokered and reciprocal deposits, decreased $393 million. Net loss for the Finance  and  Other  category  decreased  $240  million  to  $88  million.  Net  interest  expense  decreased  $295  million  to $166 million, primarily reflecting an increase in net FTP revenue as a result of higher rates charged to the business segments under the Corporation's internal FTP methodology. Noninterest income decreased $17 million to $41 million, primarily due to a decrease  in  securities  trading  income.  Noninterest  expenses  decreased  $31  million,  primarily  reflecting  lower  corporate overhead expense, partially offset by an increase in salaries and benefits expenses.

The following table lists the Corporation's banking centers by geographic market.

| December 31  2022  2021  2020  Michigan  177  188  189  Texas  115  124  123  California  92  95  96  Other Markets:  Arizona  17  17  17  Florida  8  8  7  Canada  1  1  1  Total Other Markets  26  26  25  Total  410  433  433   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BALANCE SHEET AND CAPITAL FUNDS ANALYSIS

## Earning Assets

## Period-End Loans

| (in millions)  Percent  Change  December 31  2022  2021  Change  Commercial loans  $  30,909  $  29,366  $  1,543  5 %  Real estate construction loans  3,105  2,948  157  5  Commercial mortgage loans  13,306  11,255  2,051  18  Lease financing  760  640  120  19  International loans  1,197  1,208  (11)  (1)  Residential mortgage loans  1,814  1,771  43  2  Consumer loans:  Home equity  1,776  1,533  243  16  Other consumer  535  564  (29)  (5)  Total consumer loans  2,311  2,097  214  10  Total loans  $  53,402  $  49,285  $  4,117  8 %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On  a  period-end  basis,  total  loans  increased  $4.1  billion  to  $53.4  billion  at  December  31,  2022,  compared  to $49.3 billion at December 31, 2021, which included a $424 million decrease in PPP loans (reported in commercial loans).

## Average Loans

| (in millions)  Percent  Change  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  Change  Average Loans By Business Line:  General Middle Market  $  12,686  $  11,937  $  749  6 %  National Dealer Services  4,633  4,349  284  7  Equity Fund Services  3,345  2,781  564  20  Environmental Services  2,119  1,711  408  24  Energy  1,387  1,376  11  1  Entertainment  1,141  983  158  16  Technology and Life Sciences  909  920  (11)  (1)  Total Middle Market  26,220  24,057  2,163  9  Commercial Real Estate  6,898  6,737  161  2  Corporate Banking  5,528  4,445  1,083  24  Business Banking  3,256  3,732  (476)  (13)  Mortgage Banker Finance  1,579  2,833  (1,254)  (44)  Total Commercial Bank  43,481  41,804  1,677  4  Total Retail Bank  2,063  2,382  (319)  (13)  Total Wealth Management  4,906  4,903  3  -  Total Finance and Other  10  (6)  16  n/m  Total loans  $  50,460  $  49,083  $  1,377  3 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

n/m - not meaningful

Average total loans increased $1.4 billion to $50.5 billion in 2022, compared to $49.1 billion in 2021, which included a  $2.2  billion  decline  in  PPP  loans.  Organic  growth  through  the  expansion  of  new  and  existing  relationships  helped  drive increases in most business lines, including a $1.1 billion increase in Corporate Banking, which generally serves customers with revenue over $500 million. Middle Market business lines, which generally serve customers with annual revenue between $30 million  and  $500  million,  increased  by  $2.2  billion,  including  a  $749  million  increase  in  general  Middle  Market  and  a $564 million increase in Equity Fund Services.

Mortgage  Banker  Finance,  which  provides  short-term,  revolving  lines  of  credit  to  mortgage  banking  companies, decreased  by  $1.3  billion,  reflecting  the  market-wide  decline  in  home  sales  and  refinancing  activity  resulting  from  lower average home sales volume and the higher interest rate environment.

| (in millions)  Percent  Change  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  Change  Average Loans By Loan Type:  Commercial loans (a)  $  29,846  $  29,283  $  563  2 %  Real estate construction loans  2,607  3,609  (1,002)  (28)  Commercial mortgage loans  12,135  10,610  1,525  14  Lease financing  680  596  84  14  International loans  1,246  1,063  183  17  Residential mortgage loans  1,776  1,813  (37)  (2)  Consumer loans:  Home equity  1,634  1,554  80  5  Other consumer  536  555  (19)  (3)  Total consumer loans  2,170  2,109  61  3  Total loans  $  50,460  $  49,083  $  1,377  3 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Included PPP loans with average balances of $147 million and $2.3 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Investment Securities

(in millions)

| Percent  Change  December 31  2022  2021  Change  U.S. Treasury securities  $  2,664  $  2,993  $  (329)  (11)  %  Residential mortgage-backed securities (a)  11,655  13,288  (1,633)  (12)  Commercial mortgage-backed securities (a)  4,693  705  3,988  n/m  Total investment securities  $  19,012  $  16,986  $  2,026  12 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Issued and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises.

n/m - not meaningful

On a period-end basis, investment securities were $19.0 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to $17.0 billion at December  31,  2021,  which  included  unrealized  losses  totaling  $3.0  billion  and  $130  million  at  December  31,  2022  and December 31, 2021, respectively. Mortgage-backed securities increased $2.4 billion due to continued deployment of excess liquidity, partially offset by a $329 million decrease in U.S. Treasury securities related to maturities. At December 31, 2022, the effective  duration  of  the  Corporation's  residential  mortgage-backed  securities  portfolio  was  approximately  5.4  years.  On  an average basis, investment securities increased $3.3 billion to $19.0 billion in 2022, compared to $15.7 billion in 2021 as excess liquidity was invested in mortgage-backed securities.

| (weighted average yield) (a)  U.S. Treasury  securities  Residential  mortgage-backed  securities (b)  Commercial  mortgage-backed  securities (b)  Total investment  securities  December 31, 2022  Maturity (c)  Within 1 year  1.98%  2.54%  -%  2.01%  1-5 Years  0.26  2.32  2.29  1.12  5-10 Years  -  2.14  2.98  2.91  After 10 Years  -  1.93  3.48  1.93  Total  0.93 %  1.97 %  2.99 %  2.08 %  Weighted Average Maturity (years)  1.4  26.7  9.1  19.3   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Weighted average yields are calculated on the basis of yield to maturity based on the carrying value of each debt security, aggregated by type and agency.

(b) Issued and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises.

(c) Based on final contractual maturity.

## Interest-Bearing Deposits with Banks and Other Short-Term Investments

Interest-bearing  deposits  with  banks,  which  are  mostly  used  to  manage  liquidity  requirements  of  the  Corporation, primarily include deposits with the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) and also include deposits with banks in developed countries or international banking facilities of foreign banks located in the United States. On a period-end basis, interest-bearing deposits with banks decreased $16.9 billion to $4.5 billion at December 31, 2022, declining from elevated levels seen in 2021. On an average basis, interest-bearing deposits with banks decreased $9.4 billion to $9.4 billion in 2022.

Other short-term investments include federal funds sold, trading securities, money market investments and loans heldfor-sale.  Substantially  all  trading  securities  are  deferred  compensation  plan  assets.  Loans  held-for-sale  typically  represent residential mortgage loans originated with management's intention to sell and, from time to time, other loans that are transferred to held-for-sale. On a period-end basis, other short-term investments decreased $40 million to $157 million at December 31, 2022. On an average basis, other short-term investments decreased $9 million to $174 million in 2022.

## Deposits and Borrowed Funds

On a period-end basis, total deposits were $71.4 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of $10.9 billion compared to $82.3  billion  at  December  31,  2021,  reflecting  decreases  of  $5.9  billion,  or  13  percent,  in  noninterest-bearing  deposits  and $5.1 billion, or 14 percent, in interest-bearing deposits. The Corporation's average deposits and borrowed funds balances are detailed in the following table.

| (dollar amounts in millions)  Percent  Change  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  Change  Noninterest-bearing deposits  $  42,018  $  41,441  $  577  1 %  Money market and interest-bearing checking deposits  28,347  31,063  (2,716)  (9)  Savings deposits  3,304  3,018  286  9  Customer certificates of deposit  1,756  2,110  (354)  (17)  Other time deposits  16  -  16  n/m  Foreign office time deposits  40  49  (9)  (17)  Total deposits  $  75,481  $  77,681  $  (2,200)  (3)  %  Short-term borrowings  $  436  $  2  $  434  n/m  Medium- and long-term debt  2,818  3,035  (217)  (7)  Total borrowed funds  $  3,254  $  3,037  $  217  7 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

n/m - not meaningful

Average deposits decreased $2.2 billion to $75.5 billion in 2022, compared to $77.7 billion in 2021, reflecting a $2.8 billion  decrease  in  interest-bearing  deposits  due  to  strategic  deposit  management  and  customers  utilizing  balances  to  fund business activities, partially offset by a $577 million increase in noninterest-bearing deposits.

Uninsured deposits are defined as the portion of deposit accounts in U.S. offices that exceed the FDIC insurance limit and amounts in any other uninsured investment or deposit account that are classified as deposits and are not subject to any federal or state deposit insurance regimes. Total uninsured deposits were $45.5 billion and $56.7 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as calculated per regulatory guidance. The portion of domestic time deposits in excess of insurance limits was $370 million and $554 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Time deposits otherwise uninsured, which consist of foreign office time deposits, totaled $51 million at December 31, 2022 and all mature in three months or less.

On a period-end basis, short-term borrowings totaled $3.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and included federal funds purchased and short-term Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances. There were no short-term borrowings at December 31, 2021. Average short-term borrowings were $436 million in 2022, compared to $2 million in 2021.

The Corporation uses medium- and long-term debt, which includes medium- and long-term senior notes as well as subordinated notes, to provide funding for earning assets, liquidity and regulatory capital. On a period-end basis, total mediumand long-term debt at December 31, 2022 increased $228 million to $3.0 billion, compared to $2.8 billion at December 31, 2021.  In  the  third  quarter  of  2022,  the  Bank  issued  $500  million  of  fixed-to-floating  rate  subordinated  notes  due  in  2033. Average medium- and long-term debt decreased $217 million, or 7 percent, to $2.8 billion in 2022, compared to $3.0 billion in 2021.

Further information on medium- and long-term debt is provided in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Capital

Total shareholders' equity decreased $2.7 billion to $5.2 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to $7.9 billion at December 31, 2021, primarily due to a $3.5 billion  decrease  in  unrealized  losses  in  the  Corporation's  investment  securities portfolio and, to a lesser extent, its cash flow hedge portfolio and defined benefit plan. The following table presents a summary of changes in total shareholders' equity in 2022.

| (in millions)  Balance at January 1, 2022  $  7,897  Net income  1,151  Cash dividends declared on common stock  (356)  Cash dividends declared on preferred stock  (23)  Purchase of common stock  (36)  Other comprehensive loss, net of tax:  Investment securities  $  (2,220)  Cash flow hedges  (997)  Defined benefit and other postretirement plans  (313)  Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax  (3,530)  Net issuance of common stock under employee stock plans  18  Share-based compensation  60  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  5,181   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarizes the Corporation's repurchase activity for the year ended December 31, 2022.

| (shares in thousands)  Total Number of Shares  Purchased as  Part of Publicly Announced  Repurchase Plans or  Programs  Remaining Share  Repurchase  Authorization (a)  Total Number  of Shares  Purchased (b)  Average Price  Paid Per  Share  First Quarter 2022  377  4,997  399  $  92.58  Second Quarter 2022  -  4,997  2  90.85  Third Quarter 2022  -  4,997  2  74.64  Fourth Quarter 2022  -  4,997  2  72.44  Total 2022  377  4,997  405  92.39   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Maximum number of shares that may be repurchased under the publicly announced plans or programs.

(b) Includes approximately 28,000 shares purchased pursuant to deferred compensation plans and shares purchased from employees to pay for  taxes  related  to  restricted  stock  vesting  under  the  terms  of  an  employee  share-based  compensation  plan  during  the  year  ended December 31, 2022. These transactions are not considered part of the Corporation's repurchase program.

Since the inception of the share repurchase program in 2010, a total of 97.2 million shares have been authorized for repurchase. There is no expiration date for the share repurchase program. The Corporation believes that share repurchases will resume  in  2023,  although  the  timing  and  actual  amount  of  share  repurchases  are  subject  to  various  factors,  including  the Corporation's earnings generation, capital needs to fund future loan growth and the macroeconomic outlook.

The Corporation continues to target a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of approximately 10 percent with active capital management. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation's CET1 capital ratio was 10.00 percent, a decrease of 13 basis points compared to December 31, 2021.

The Corporation is subject to the capital adequacy standards under the Basel III regulatory framework (Basel III). This regulatory  framework  establishes  comprehensive  methodologies  for  calculating  regulatory  capital  and  risk-weighted  assets (RWA). Basel III also set minimum capital ratios as well as overall capital adequacy standards.

Under Basel III, regulatory capital comprises CET1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. CET1 capital predominantly includes common shareholders' equity, less certain deductions for goodwill, intangible assets and deferred tax assets  that  arise  from  net  operating  losses  and  tax  credit  carry-forwards.  Additionally,  the  Corporation  has  elected  to permanently exclude capital in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) related to debt and equity securities classified as available-for-sale as well as for cash flow hedges and defined benefit postretirement plans from CET1, an option available to standardized approach entities under Basel III. Tier 1 capital incrementally includes noncumulative perpetual preferred stock. Tier 2 capital includes Tier 1 capital as well as subordinated debt qualifying as Tier 2 and qualifying allowance for credit losses.

The  Corporation  computes  RWA  using  the  standardized  approach.  Under  the  standardized  approach,  RWA  is generally  based  on  supervisory  risk-weightings  which  vary  by  counterparty  type  and  asset  class.  Under  the  Basel  III standardized  approach,  capital  is  required  for  credit  risk  RWA,  to  cover  the  risk  of  unexpected  losses  due  to  failure  of  a customer  or  counterparty  to  meet  its  financial  obligations  in  accordance  with  contractual  terms;  and  if  trading  assets  and liabilities  exceed certain thresholds, capital is also required for market risk RWA, to cover the risk of losses due to adverse market movements or from position-specific factors.

| The following table presents the minimum ratios required.  Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets  4.5 %  Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets  6.0  Total capital to risk-weighted assets  8.0  Capital conservation buffer (a)  2.5  Tier 1 capital to adjusted average assets (leverage ratio)  4.0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) In addition to the minimum risk-based capital requirements, the Corporation is required to maintain a minimum capital conservation buffer, in the form of common equity tier 1 capital, in order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses.

The Corporation's capital ratios exceeded minimum regulatory requirements as follows:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (dollar amounts in millions)  Capital/Assets  Ratio  Capital/Assets  Ratio  Common equity tier 1 (a)  $  7,884  10.00 %  $  7,064  10.13 %  Tier 1 risk-based (a)  8,278  10.50  7,458  10.70  Total risk-based  9,817  12.45  8,608  12.35  Leverage  8,278  9.55  7,458  7.74  Common shareholders' equity  4,787  5.60  7,503  7.93  Tangible common equity (a)  4,143  4.89  6,857  7.30  Risk-weighted assets  78,871  69,708   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) See Supplemental Financial Data section for reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures and regulatory ratios.

At December 31, 2022, the Corporation and its U.S. banking subsidiaries exceeded the capital ratios required for an institution  to  be  considered  'well  capitalized'  by  the  standards  developed  under  the  Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation Improvement Act of 1991. Refer to Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of regulatory capital requirements, capital ratio calculations and restrictions on the ability of the Corporation's banking subsidiaries to transfer assets to the Corporation.

The common shareholders' equity ratio decreased 233 basis points to 5.60 percent at December 31, 2022 primarily due to the change in unrealized losses in the Corporation's investment securities portfolio and, to a lesser extent, its cash flow hedge portfolio and defined benefit plan. The unrealized losses in the Corporation's available-for-sale investment security portfolio are due to market valuations since the time of initial acquisition which, in substantially all cases, are not expected to be realized. The tangible common equity ratio, which excludes goodwill and other intangible assets, decreased 241 basis points to 4.89 percent  for  the  same  reasons.  The  impact  of  cumulative  unrealized  losses  recorded  within  other  comprehensive  loss  at December 31, 2022 to both ratios was approximately 440 basis points.

## RISK MANAGEMENT

The  Corporation  assumes  various  types  of  risk  as  a  result  of  conducting  business  in  the  normal  course.  The Corporation's enterprise risk management framework provides a process for identifying, measuring, controlling and managing these  risks.  This  framework  incorporates  a  risk  assessment  process,  a  collection  of  risk  committees  that  manage  the Corporation's  major  risk  elements  and  a  risk  appetite  statement  that  outlines  the  levels  and  types  of  risks  the  Corporation accepts.  The  Corporation  continuously  enhances  its  enterprise  risk  framework  with  additional  processes,  tools  and  systems designed to not only provide management with deeper insight into the various existing and emerging risks in accordance with its appetite for risk, but also to improve the Corporation's ability to control those risks and ensure that appropriate consideration is received for the risks taken.

The Corporation's front line employees, the first line of defense, are responsible for the day-to-day management and ownership  of  risks,  including  the  identification,  assessment,  measurement  and  control  of  risks  encountered  as  a  part  of  the normal course of business. Each of the major risk categories are further monitored and measured by specialized risk managers in the second line of defense within the Enterprise Risk Division, who provide oversight as well as independent and effective challenge and guidance for the risk management activities of the organization. The Enterprise Risk Division, led by the Chief Risk Officer, is responsible for designing and managing the Corporation's enterprise risk management framework and ensures effective risk management oversight. Risk management committees serve as a point of review and escalation for those risks

which may have risk interdependencies or where risk levels may be nearing the limits outlined in the Corporation's risk appetite statement. These committees comprise senior and executive management that represent views from both the lines of business and  risk  management.  Internal  Audit,  the  third  line  of  defense,  monitors  and  assesses  the  overall  effectiveness  of  the  risk management framework on an ongoing basis and provides an independent, objective assessment of the Corporation's ability to manage and control risk to management and the Audit Committee of the Board.

The Enterprise Risk and Return Committee, chaired by the Chief Risk Officer, is established by the Enterprise Risk Committee of the Board and responsible for governance over the risk management framework, providing oversight in managing the Corporation's aggregate risk position and reporting on the comprehensive portfolio of risks as well as the potential impact these risks can have on the Corporation's risk profile and resulting capital level. Capital provides the primary buffer for risk and also serves as a measuring tool when evaluating risk. The Enterprise Risk and Return Committee is principally composed of senior officers and executives representing the different risk areas and business units who are appointed by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.

The Board's Enterprise  Risk  Committee  meets  quarterly  and  is  chartered  to  assist  the  Board  in  promoting  the  best interests of the Corporation by overseeing policies and risk practices relating to enterprise-wide risk and ensuring compliance with bank regulatory obligations. Members of the Enterprise Risk Committee are selected such that the committee comprises individuals whose experiences and qualifications can lead to broad and informed views on risk matters facing the Corporation and the financial services industry. These include, but are not limited to, existing and emerging risk matters related to credit, market, liquidity, operational, technology, compliance and strategic conditions. A comprehensive risk report is submitted to the Enterprise Risk Committee each quarter providing management's view of the Corporation's aggregate risk position.

Further  discussion  and  analyses  of  each  major  risk  area  are  included  in  the  following  sub-sections  of  the  Risk Management section in this financial review.

## Credit Risk

Credit risk represents the risk of loss due to failure of a customer or counterparty to meet its financial obligations in accordance  with  contractual  terms.  Credit  risk  is  found  in  all  activities  where  success  depends  on  counterparty,  issuer  or borrower performance. It arises any time funds are extended, committed, invested or otherwise exposed, whether reflected on or off the balance sheet. The governance structure is administered through the Strategic Credit Committee. The Strategic Credit Committee is chaired by the Chief Credit Officer and approves recommendations to address credit risk matters through credit policy,  credit  risk  management  practices  and  required  credit  risk  actions.  The  Strategic  Credit  Committee  also  ensures  a comprehensive reporting of credit risk levels and trends, including exception levels, along with identification and mitigation of emerging risks. In order to facilitate the corporate credit risk management process, various other corporate functions provide the resources  for  the  Strategic  Credit  Committee  to  carry  out  its  responsibilities.  The  Corporation  manages  credit  risk  through underwriting and periodically reviewing and approving its credit exposures in accordance with established credit policies and guidelines. Additionally, the Corporation manages credit risk through loan portfolio diversification, limiting exposure to any single  industry,  customer  or  guarantor,  and  selling  participations  and/or  syndicating  credit  exposures  above  those  levels  it deems prudent to third parties.

The Credit Division manages credit policy and provides the resources to manage the line of business transactional credit risk, assuring that all exposure is risk rated according to the requirements of the credit risk rating policy and providing business  segment  reporting  support  as  necessary.  The  Enterprise  Risk  Division  provides  credible  and  well-documented challenge of overall portfolio credit risk, and other credit-related attributes of the Corporation's loan portfolios, with a particular emphasis on all attendant modeled results. The Corporation's Asset Quality Review function, a division of Internal Audit, audits the accuracy of internal risk ratings that are assigned by the lending and credit groups. The Special Assets Group is responsible for managing the recovery process on distressed or defaulted loans and loan sales.

Credit Analytics and Strategy, within the Credit Division, provides comprehensive reporting on portfolio credit risk levels and trends, continuous assessment and verification of risk rating models, quarterly calculation of the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments and calculations of both expected and unexpected loss.

## Allowance for Credit Losses

The  allowance  for  credit  losses  includes  both  the  allowance  for  loan  losses  and  the  allowance  for  credit  losses  on lending-related commitments.

The following table presents metrics of the allowance for credit losses and nonperforming loans.

| December 31,  2022  2021  Allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans  1.24%  1.26%  Allowance for credit losses as a multiple of total nonaccrual loans  2.8x  2.3x  Allowance for credit losses as a multiple of total nonperforming loans  2.7x  2.3x   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The allowance for credit losses increased by $43 million from $618 million at December 31, 2021 to $661 million at December 31, 2022, primarily reflecting loan growth and continued strong credit metrics as well as a modest deterioration in economic forecasts. Excess savings and pent-up demand from consumers, as well as tight labor markets, have supported the U.S.  economy.  However,  there  are  headwinds  from  recessionary  pressures,  surging  inflation,  higher  interest  rates  and  the slowing  housing  market.  Foreign  developments  pose  additional  headwinds,  including  the  impacts  of  the  Russia-Ukraine conflict, uncertainties about China's reopening and the impact of tighter monetary policy across much of the global economy.

These factors shaped the 2-year reasonable and supportable forecast used by the Corporation in its CECL estimate at December 31, 2022. The U.S. economy is expected to contract marginally in the first half of 2023 before gradually normalizing to its trend growth rates. Certain economic variables, like oil prices, are expected to decrease as inflation normalizes. Forecasts for  other  key  economic  variables  are  generally  consistent  with  those  of  Gross  Domestic  Product  (GDP),  while  interest  rate forecasts  reflect  market  expectations  and  recent  guidance  from  the  Federal  Reserve.  The  following  table  summarizes  select economic  variables  representative  of  the  economic  forecasts  used  to  develop  the  allowance  for  credit  losses  estimate  at December 31, 2022.

| Economic Variable  Base Forecast  Real GDP growth  Contracts slightly in first and second quarters 2023, consistent with  a mild recession, before recovering to a trend growth rate of around  2 percent by the end of the forecast period.  Unemployment rate  Increases to 4.7 percent by first quarter 2024 and remaining at that  level through fourth quarter 2024.  Corporate BBB bond to 10-year Treasury bond spreads  Spreads  widen  to  2.8  percent  in  first  quarter  2023  before  normalizing to 2.1 percent by the end of the forecast period.  Oil Prices  Prices gradually decline from current levels to $76 dollars by fourth  quarter 2024.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding recessionary pressures, surging inflation and higher interest rates, management considered other economic scenarios to make appropriate qualitative adjustments for certain sectors of its lending portfolio, including more benign and more severe forecasts.

Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the methodology used in the determination of the allowance for credit losses.

## Allowance for Loan Losses

The allowance for loan losses represents management's estimates of current expected credit losses in the Corporation's loan portfolio. Pools of loans with similar risk characteristics are collectively evaluated, while loans that no longer share risk characteristics with loan pools are evaluated individually. The allowance for loan losses increased $22 million to $610 million at December 31, 2022, compared to $588 million at December 31, 2021.

Collective  loss  estimates  are  determined  by  applying  reserve  factors,  designed  to  estimate  current  expected  credit losses, to amortized cost balances over the remaining contractual life of the collectively evaluated portfolio. Loans with similar risk characteristics are aggregated into homogeneous pools. The allowance for loan losses also includes qualitative adjustments to  bring  the  allowance  to  the  level  management  believes  is  appropriate  based  on  factors  that  have  not  otherwise  been  fully accounted for, including adjustments for foresight risk, input imprecisions and model imprecision. Credit losses for loans that no longer share risk characteristics with the loan pools are estimated on an individual basis. Individual credit loss estimates are typically performed for nonaccrual loans and modified loans classified as troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) and are based on one of several methods, including the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, observable market value of similar debt or the present value of expected cash flows.

## Allowance for Credit Losses on Lending-Related Commitments

The allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments estimates current expected credit losses on collective pools of letters of credit and unused commitments to extend credit based on reserve factors, determined in a manner similar to

business  loans,  multiplied  by  a  probability  of  draw  estimate  based  on  historical  experience  and  credit  risk,  applied  to commitment amounts. The allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments totaled $51 million and $30 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

## Analysis of the Allowance for Credit Losses

The table below details net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of total loans by loan category.

| 2022  2021  2020  (dollar amounts in millions)  Net Loan  Charge-Offs  (Recoveries)  Net Charge-Offs  (Recoveries)  Ratio (a)  Net Loan  Charge-Offs  (Recoveries)  Net Charge-Offs  (Recoveries)  Ratio (a)  Net Loan  Charge-Offs  (Recoveries)  Net Charge-Offs  (Recoveries)  Ratio (a)  Commercial  $  18  0.06 %  $  (15)  (0.05)  %  $  198  0.62 %  Commercial mortgage  -  -  2  0.02  (3)  (0.03)  International  -  -  4  0.38  -  -  Residential mortgage  (1)  (0.03)  (2)  (0.11)  -  -  Consumer  -  -  1  0.05  1  0.05  Total loans  $  17  0.03 %  $  (10)  (0.02)  %  $  196  0.38 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of related average loans outstanding.

Net loan charge-offs totaled $17 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a $27 million increase from net loan recoveries of $10 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Commercial net charge-offs for the 2022 period included Energy net charge-offs totaling $3 million, compared to $48 million of Energy net recoveries recorded in the 2021 period, an increase of $51 million, which was partially offset by decreases of $12 million in general Middle Market and $9 million in Corporate Banking.

## Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses

| 2022  2021  (dollar amounts in millions)  Allocated  Allowance  Allowance  Ratio (a)  % (b)  Allocated  Allowance  Allowance  Ratio (a)  % (b)  December 31,  Allowance for loan losses  Business loans  Commercial (c)  $  287  0.93%  58%  $  293  1.00 %  60%  Real estate construction  38  1.24  6  28  0.94  6  Commercial mortgage  200  1.51  25  192  1.71  23  Lease financing  6  0.78  1  6  0.97  1  International  10  0.79  2  12  0.96  2  Total business loans  541  1.10  92  531  1.17  92  Retail loans  Residential mortgage  32  1.74  4  24  1.36  4  Consumer  37  1.61  4  33  1.56  4  Total retail loans  69  1.67  8  57  1.47  8  Total loans  610  1.14%  100%  $  588  1.19 %  100%  Allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments  Business commitments  40  24  Retail commitments  11  6  Total commitments  51  30  Allowance for credit losses  $  661  1.24%  $  618  1.26 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Allocated allowance as a percentage of related loans outstanding.

(b) Loans outstanding as a percentage of total loans.

(c) Includes PPP loans with a balance of $35 million and $459 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

For  additional  information  regarding  the  allowance  for  credit  losses,  refer  to  the  "Critical  Accounting  Estimates" section of this financial review and Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Nonperforming Assets

Nonperforming assets include loans on nonaccrual status, TDRs which have been renegotiated to less than the original contractual  rates  (reduced-rate  loans)  and  foreclosed  assets.  TDRs  include  performing  and  nonperforming  loans,  with nonperforming TDRs on either nonaccrual or reduced-rate status. In accordance with the provisions of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief,  and  Economic  Security  Act  (CARES  Act),  the  Corporation  elected  not  to  consider  qualifying  COVID-19-related modifications, primarily deferrals, as TDRs and did not designate such loans as past due or nonaccrual. The temporary relief

provided under the CARES Act applied to modifications made from the start of the COVID-19 pandemic through December 31, 2021.

## Summary of Nonperforming Assets and Past Due Loans

(dollar amounts in millions)

| December 31  2022  2021  Nonaccrual loans  $  240  $  264  Reduced-rate loans  4  4  Total nonperforming loans  244  268  Foreclosed property  -  1  Total nonperforming assets  $  244  $  269  Nonaccrual loans as a percentage of total loans  0.45%  0.54%  Nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans  0.46  0.54  Nonperforming assets as a percentage of total loans and foreclosed property  0.46  0.55  Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing  $  23  $  27   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Nonperforming  assets  decreased  $25  million  to  $244  million  at  December  31,  2022,  from  $269  million  at December 31, 2021. The decrease in nonperforming assets primarily reflected a decrease of $45 million in nonaccrual business loans, partially offset by an increase of $21 million in nonaccrual retail loans, as temporary legislative relief for COVID-19related deferrals ended on December 31, 2021. Nonperforming loans were 0.46 percent of total loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.54 percent at December 31, 2021. For further information regarding the composition of nonaccrual loans, refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.

The following table presents a summary of changes in nonaccrual loans.

| (in millions)  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  Balance at beginning of period  $  264  $  347  Loans transferred to nonaccrual (a)  132  193  Nonaccrual loan gross charge-offs  (68)  (70)  Loans transferred to accrual status (a)  (11)  (25)  Nonaccrual loans sold  (15)  (34)  Payments/other (b)  (62)  (147)  Balance at end of period  $  240  $  264   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Based on an analysis of nonaccrual loans with book balances greater than $2 million.

(b) Includes net changes related to nonaccrual loans with balances less than or equal to $2 million, payments on nonaccrual loans with book balances greater than $2 million and transfers of nonaccrual loans to foreclosed property.

There were 23 borrowers with a balance greater than $2 million, totaling $132 million, transferred to nonaccrual status in 2022, an increase of 5 borrowers compared to 18 borrowers totaling $193 million in 2021. For further information about the composition  of  loans  transferred  to  nonaccrual  during  the  current  period,  refer  to  the  nonaccrual  information  by  industry category table below.

The following table presents the composition of nonaccrual loans by balance and the related number of borrowers at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| 2022  2021  (dollar amounts in millions)  Number of  Borrowers  Balance  Number of  Borrowers  Balance  Under $2 million  475  $  60  580  $  63  $2 million - $5 million  14  46  14  46  $5 million - $10 million  8  58  7  54  $10 million - $25 million  5  76  5  69  Greater than $25 million  -  -  1  32  Total  502  $  240  607  $  264   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents a summary of nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022 and loans transferred to nonaccrual and  net  loan  charge-offs  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  based  on  North  American  Industry  Classification  System (NAICS) categories.

| December 31, 2022  Year Ended December 31, 2022  (dollar amounts in millions)  Nonaccrual Loans  Loans Transferred to  Nonaccrual (a)  Net Loan Charge-Offs  (Recoveries)  Industry Category  Residential Mortgage  $  53  22%  $  28  21%  $  (1)  (6)  %  Manufacturing  52  21  65  49  28  164  Transportation &amp; Warehousing  23  10  -  -  (3)  (18)  Wholesale Trade  23  9  -  -  -  -  Real Estate &amp; Home Builders  14  6  -  -  1  6  Services  11  5  9  7  (6)  (35)  Retail Trade  11  4  10  7  (2)  (12)  Information &amp; Communication  9  4  4  3  1  6  Mining, Quarrying and Oil &amp; Gas Extraction  7  3  6  5  3  18  Arts, Entertainment &amp; Recreation  7  3  -  -  -  -  Health Care &amp; Social Assistance  7  3  7  5  5  30  Management of Companies and Enterprises  6  3  -  -  (5)  (29)  Other (b)  17  7  3  3  (4)  (24)  Total  $  240  100%  $  132  100%  $  17  100%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Based on an analysis of nonaccrual loans with book balances greater than $2 million.

(b) Consumer, excluding residential mortgage and certain personal purpose nonaccrual loans and net charge-offs, is included in the Other category.

Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest generally represent loans that are well collateralized and in the process of collection. Loans past due 90 days or more decreased $4 million to $23 million at December 31, 2022, compared to $27 million at December 31, 2021. Loans past due 30-89 days increased $225 million to $378 million at December 31, 2022, compared to $153 million at December 31, 2021. Loans past due 30 days or more and still accruing interest as a percentage of total loans were 0.75 percent and 0.36 percent at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. An aging analysis of loans included in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements provides further information about the balances comprising past due loans.

The following table presents a summary of total criticized loans. The Corporation's criticized list is consistent with the Special Mention, Substandard and Doubtful categories defined by regulatory authorities. Criticized loans with balances of $2 million or more on nonaccrual status or loans with balances of $1 million or more whose terms have been modified in a TDR are individually subjected to quarterly credit quality reviews, and the Corporation may establish specific allowances for such loans. A table of loans by credit quality indicator included in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements provides further information about the balances comprising total criticized loans.

(dollar amounts in millions)

| December 31  2022  2021  Total criticized loans  $  1,572  $  1,573  As a percentage of total loans  2.9%  3.2%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  $1  million  decrease  in  criticized  loans  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  included  decreases  of  $90 million  in  Business  Banking,  $72  million  in  Corporate  Banking,  $60  million  in  Entertainment  Lending  and  $46  million  in Energy, mostly offset by increases of $121 million in Technology and Life Sciences, $99 million in general Middle Market and $53 million in Environmental Services.

For  further  information  regarding  the  Corporation's  nonperforming  assets  policies,  refer  to  Notes  1  and  4  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## Concentrations of Credit Risk

Concentrations of credit risk may exist when a number of borrowers are engaged in similar activities, or activities in the  same  geographic  region,  and  have  similar  economic  characteristics  that  would  cause  them  to  be  similarly  impacted  by changes in economic or other conditions. The Corporation has concentrations of credit risk with the commercial real estate and automotive  industries.  All  other  industry  concentrations,  as  defined  by  management,  individually  represented  less  than  10 percent of total loans at December 31, 2022.

## Commercial Real Estate Lending

At December 31, 2022, the Corporation's commercial real estate portfolio represented 31 percent of total loans. The following table summarizes the Corporation's commercial real estate loan portfolio by loan category.

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (in millions)  Commercial  Real Estate  business line (a)  Other (b)  Total  Commercial  Real Estate  business line (a)  Other (b)  Total  Real estate construction loans  $  2,505  $  600  $  3,105  $  2,391  $  557  $  2,948  Commercial mortgage loans  4,681  8,625  13,306  3,338  7,917  11,255  Total commercial real estate  $  7,186  $  9,225  $  16,411  $  5,729  $  8,474  $  14,203   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Primarily loans to real estate developers.

(b) Primarily loans secured by owner-occupied real estate.

The Corporation limits risk inherent in its commercial real estate lending activities by monitoring borrowers directly involved in the commercial real estate markets and adhering to conservative policies on loan-to-value ratios for such loans. Commercial real estate loans, consisting of real estate construction and commercial mortgage loans, totaled $16.4 billion at December 31, 2022. Of the total, $7.2 billion, or 44 percent, were to borrowers in the Commercial Real Estate business line, which includes loans to real estate developers, an increase of $1.5 billion compared to December 31, 2021. Commercial real estate  loans  in  other  business  lines  totaled  $9.2  billion,  or  56  percent,  at  December  31,  2022,  an  increase  of  $751  million compared to December 31, 2021. These loans consisted primarily of owner-occupied commercial mortgages, which bear credit characteristics  similar  to  non-commercial  real  estate  business  loans.  Generally,  loans  previously  reported  as  real  estate construction are classified as commercial mortgage loans upon receipt of a certificate of occupancy.

The real estate construction loan portfolio primarily contains loans made to long-tenured customers with satisfactory completion experience. There were no criticized real estate construction loans in the Commercial Real Estate business line at both  December  31,  2022  and  2021.  In  other  business  lines,  criticized  real  estate  construction  loans  totaled  $3  million  at December 31, 2022, compared to $35 million at December 31, 2021. There were no real estate construction loan net charge-offs in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Commercial mortgage loans are loans where the primary collateral is a lien on any real property and are primarily loans  secured  by  owner-occupied  real  estate.  Real  property  is  generally  considered  primary  collateral  if  the  value  of  that collateral represents more than 50 percent of the commitment at loan approval. Loans in the commercial mortgage portfolio generally mature within three to five years. Criticized commercial mortgage loans in the Commercial Real Estate business line totaled $16 million and $29 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In other business lines, $151 million and $219  million  of  commercial  mortgage  loans  were  criticized  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  respectively.  There  were  no commercial mortgage loan net charge-offs in 2022, compared to net charge-offs of $2 million in 2021.

## Automotive Lending - Dealer:

The following table presents a summary of dealer loans.

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (dollar amounts in millions)  Loans  Outstanding  Percent of  Total Loans  Loans  Outstanding  Percent of  Total Loans  Dealer:  Floor plan  $  1,379  $  681  Other  3,988  3,481  Total dealer  $  5,367  10.1%  $  4,162  8.4%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Substantially  all  dealer  loans  are  in  the  National  Dealer  Services  business  line  and  primarily  include  floor  plan financing  and  other  loans  to  automotive  dealerships.  Floor  plan  loans,  included  in  commercial  loans  in  the  Consolidated Balance  Sheets,  totaled  $1.4  billion  at  December  31,  2022,  an  increase  of  $698  million  compared  to  $681  million  at December 31, 2021, although an imbalance in supply and demand impacted by a shortage in microchips used in automotive production continues to depress floor plan loan balances below pre-pandemic levels. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, other loans in the National Dealer Services business line totaled $4.0 billion and $3.5 billion, respectively, including $2.3 billion and $2.0 billion of owner-occupied commercial real estate mortgage loans, respectively.

There were no nonaccrual dealer loans at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Additionally, there were no net chargeoffs of dealer loans in either of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Automotive Lending- Production:

The following table presents a summary of loans to borrowers involved with automotive production.

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Loans  Outstanding  Percent of  Total Loans  Loans  Outstanding (a)  Percent of  Total Loans  (dollar amounts in millions)  Production:  Domestic  $  797  $  789  Foreign  271  323  Total production  $  1,068  2.0%  $  1,112  2.3%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Excludes PPP loans.

Loans to borrowers involved with automotive production, primarily Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers, totaled $1.1 billion at both  December  31,  2022  and  2021.  These  borrowers  have  faced,  and  could  face  in  the  future,  financial  difficulties  due  to disruptions  in  auto  production  as  well  as  their  supply  chains  and  logistics  operations.  As  such,  management  continues  to monitor this portfolio.

There were $5 million in nonaccrual loans to borrowers involved with automotive production at December 31, 2022, compared to none at December 31, 2021. Automotive production loan net charge-offs totaled $2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $7 million for the same period in 2021.

For further information regarding significant group concentrations of credit risk, refer to Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Residential Real Estate Lending

At  December  31,  2022,  residential  real  estate  loans  represented  7  percent  of  total  loans.  The  following  table summarizes the Corporation's residential mortgage and home equity loan portfolios by geographic market.

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  (dollar amounts in millions)  Residential  Mortgage  Loans  Percent  of  Total  Home  Equity  Loans  Percent  of  Total  Residential  Mortgage  Loans  Percent  of  Total  Home  Equity  Loans  Percent  of  Total  Geographic market:  Michigan  $  497  27%  $  487  27%  $  434  24%  $  484  32%  California  866  48  852  48  870  49  660  43  Texas  258  14  354  20  245  14  329  21  Other Markets  193  11  83  5  222  13  60  4  Total  $  1,814  100%  $  1,776  100%  $  1,771  100%  $  1,533  100%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Residential  real  estate  loans,  which  consist  of  traditional  residential  mortgages  and  home  equity  loans  and  lines  of credit,  totaled  $3.6  billion  at  December  31,  2022.  The  residential  real  estate  portfolio  is  principally  located  within  the Corporation's primary geographic markets. Substantially all residential real estate loans past due 90 days or more are placed on nonaccrual status, and substantially all junior lien home equity loans that are current or less than 90 days past due are placed on nonaccrual status if full collection of the senior position is in doubt. At no later than 180 days past due, such loans are charged off to current appraised values less costs to sell.

Residential mortgages totaled $1.8 billion at December 31, 2022, and were primarily larger, variable-rate mortgages originated  and  retained  for  certain  private  banking  relationship  customers.  Of  the  $1.8  billion  of  residential  mortgage  loans outstanding, $53 million were on nonaccrual status at December 31, 2022. The home equity portfolio totaled $1.8 billion at December 31,  2022,  of  which  97  percent  was  outstanding  under  primarily  variable-rate,  interest-only  home  equity  lines  of credit, 2 percent were in amortizing status and 1 percent were closed-end home equity loans. Of the $1.8 billion of home equity loans outstanding, $15 million were on nonaccrual status at December 31, 2022. A majority of the home equity portfolio was secured by junior liens at December 31, 2022.

## Energy Lending

The Corporation has a portfolio of Energy loans that are included entirely in commercial loans in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Customers in the Corporation's Energy business line (approximately 120 relationships) are engaged in three segments  of  the  oil  and  gas  business:  exploration  and  production  (E&amp;P),  midstream  and  energy  services.  E&amp;P  generally includes  such  activities  as  searching  for  potential  oil  and  gas  fields,  drilling  exploratory  wells  and  operating  active  wells. Commitments to E&amp;P borrowers are generally subject to semi-annual borrowing base re-determinations based on a variety of factors  including  updated  prices  (reflecting  market  and  competitive  conditions),  energy  reserve  levels  and  the  impact  of

hedging. The midstream sector is generally involved in the transportation, storage and marketing of crude and/or refined oil and gas products. The Corporation's energy services customers provide products and services primarily to the E&amp;P segment.

The following table summarizes information about the Corporation's Energy business line.

| (dollar amounts in millions)  2022  2021  December 31  Outstandings  Nonaccrual  Criticized (a)  Outstandings  Nonaccrual  Criticized (a)  Exploration and production (E&amp;P)  $ 1,149  81%  $  7  $  7  $  971  80%  $  14  $  46  Midstream  253  18  -  -  212  18  -  -  Services  13  1  -  5  21  2  -  12  Total Energy business line  $ 1,415  100 %  $  7  $  12  $ 1,204  100%  $  14  $  58  As a percentage of total Energy loans  1%  1%  1%  5%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes nonaccrual loans.

Loans in the Energy business line totaled $1.4 billion, or 3 percent of total loans, at December 31, 2022, an increase of $211 million compared to December 31, 2021. Total exposure, including unused commitments to extend credit and letters of credit,  was  $3.4  billion  (a  utilization  rate  of  43  percent)  and  $2.9  billion  at  December  31,  2022  and  December  31,  2021, respectively.

Net  credit-related  Energy  charge-offs  were  $3  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  compared  to  net recoveries  of  $48  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  Nonaccrual  Energy  loans  decreased  by  $7  million  to  $7 million at December 31, 2022, compared to $14 million at December 31, 2021. Criticized loans decreased $46 million to $12 million, or 1 percent of total criticized loans, at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021.

## Leveraged Loans

Certain  loans  in  the  Corporation's  commercial  portfolio  are  considered  leveraged  transactions.  These  loans  are typically used for mergers, acquisitions, business recapitalizations, refinancing and equity buyouts. To help mitigate the risk associated  with  these  loans,  the  Corporation  focuses  on  middle  market  companies  with  highly  capable  management  teams, strong sponsors and solid track records of financial performance. Industries prone to cyclical downturns and acquisitions with a high degree of integration risk are generally avoided. Other considerations include the sufficiency of collateral, the level of balance sheet leverage and the adequacy of financial covenants. During the underwriting process, cash flows are stress-tested to evaluate the borrowers' abilities to handle economic downturns and an increase in interest rates.

The FDIC defines higher-risk commercial and industrial (HR C&amp;I) loans for assessment purposes as loans generally with leverage of four times total debt to earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation (EBITDA) as well as three times senior debt to EBITDA, excluding certain collateralized loans.

The following table summarizes information about HR C&amp;I loans, which represented 6 percent of total loans at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

| (in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  Outstandings  $  3,120  $  2,927  Criticized  393  299  Net loan charge-offs recorded during the years ended December 31,  20  18   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Market and Liquidity Risk

Market risk represents the risk of loss due to adverse movement in prices, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. Liquidity risk represents the risk that the Corporation does not have sufficient access to funds to maintain its normal operations at all times, or does not have the ability to raise or borrow funds at a reasonable cost at all times.

The Asset and Liability Policy Committee (ALCO) of the Corporation establishes and monitors compliance with the policies and risk limits pertaining to market and liquidity risk management activities. ALCO meets regularly to discuss and review market and liquidity risk management strategies and consists of executive and senior management from various areas of the Corporation, including treasury, finance, economics, lending, deposit gathering and risk management. Corporate Treasury mitigates  market  and  liquidity  risk  under  the  direction  of  ALCO  through  the  actions  it  takes  to  manage  the  Corporation's market, liquidity and capital positions.

The Corporation performs monthly liquidity stress testing to evaluate its ability to meet funding needs in hypothetical stressed environments. Such environments cover a series of scenarios, including both idiosyncratic and market-wide in nature, which vary in  terms  of  duration  and  severity.  The  evaluation  as  of  December  31,  2022  projected  that  sufficient  sources  of liquidity were available under each series of events.

In addition to assessing liquidity risk on a consolidated basis, Corporate Treasury also monitors the parent company's liquidity and has established liquidity coverage requirements for meeting expected obligations without the support of additional dividends from subsidiaries. ALCO's policy on liquidity risk management requires the parent company to maintain sufficient liquidity to meet expected cash obligations over a period of no less than 12 months. The Corporation had liquid assets of $1.8 billion on an unconsolidated basis at December 31, 2022.

Corporate Treasury and the Enterprise Risk Division support ALCO in measuring, monitoring and managing interest rate risk as well as all other market risks. Key activities encompass: (i) providing information and analyses of the Corporation's balance  sheet  structure  and  measurement  of  interest  rate  and  all  other  market  risks;  (ii)  monitoring  and  reporting  of  the Corporation's  positions  relative  to  established  policy  limits  and  guidelines;  (iii)  developing  and  presenting  analyses  and strategies to adjust risk positions; (iv) reviewing and presenting policies and authorizations for approval; and (v) monitoring of industry trends and analytical tools to be used in the management of interest rate and all other market and liquidity risks.

## Interest Rate Risk

Net interest income is the primary source of revenue for the Corporation. Interest rate risk arises in the normal course of  business  due  to  differences  in  the  repricing  and  cash  flow  characteristics  of  assets  and  liabilities,  primarily  through  the Corporation's  core  business  activities  of  extending  loans  and  acquiring  deposits.  The  Corporation's  balance  sheet  is predominantly  characterized  by  floating-rate  loans  funded  by  core  deposits.  Including  the  impact  of  interest  rate  swaps converting floating-rate loans to fixed, the Corporation's loan composition at December 31, 2022 was 50 percent fixed-rate, 39 percent  30-day  rate  (primarily  BSBY,  LIBOR  and  SOFR),  6  percent  90-day  and  greater  rate  and  5  percent  prime.  The composition  of  the  loan  portfolio  creates  sensitivity  to  interest  rate  movements  due  to  the  imbalance  between  the  faster repricing  of  the  floating-rate  loan  portfolio  versus  deposit  products.  In  addition,  the  growth  and/or  contraction  in  the Corporation's loans and deposits may lead to changes in sensitivity to interest rate movements in the absence of mitigating actions. Examples of such actions are purchasing fixed-rate investment securities, which provide liquidity to the balance sheet and act to mitigate the inherent interest rate sensitivity, as well as hedging with interest rate swaps and options. Other mitigating factors include interest rate floors on a portion of the loan portfolio.

The  Corporation  actively  manages  its  exposure  to  interest  rate  risk  with  the  principal  objective  of  optimizing  net interest income and the economic value of equity while operating within acceptable limits established for interest rate risk and maintaining adequate levels of funding and liquidity.

Since  no  single  measurement  system  satisfies  all  management  objectives,  a  combination  of  techniques  is  used  to manage interest rate risk. These techniques examine the impact of interest rate risk on net interest income and the economic value  of  equity  under  a  variety  of  alternative  scenarios,  including  changes  in  the  level,  slope  and  shape  of  the  yield  curve utilizing multiple simulation analyses. Simulation analyses produce only estimates of net interest income as the assumptions used are inherently uncertain. Actual results may differ from simulated results due to many factors, including, but not limited to, the timing, magnitude and frequency of changes in interest rates, market conditions, regulatory impacts and management strategies.

## Sensitivity of Net Interest Income to Changes in Interest Rates

The analysis of the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income under various interest rate scenarios is management's principal risk management technique. Management models a base-case net interest income under an unchanged interest  rate  environment  using  a  static  balance  sheet  and  generates  sensitivity  scenarios  by  changing  certain  model

assumptions.  Each  scenario  includes  assumptions  such  as  loan  growth,  investment  security  prepayment  levels,  depositor behavior  and  overall  balance  sheet  mix  and  growth  which  are  in  line  with  historical  patterns.  Changes  in  actual  economic activity may result in a materially different interest rate environment as well as a balance sheet structure that is different from the changes management included in its simulation analysis. Model assumptions in the sensitivity scenarios at December 31, 2022 included for the rising rate scenario, a modest increase in loan balances and a moderate decrease in deposit balances, and for the declining rate scenario, a modest decrease in loan balances and a moderate increase in deposit balances. In addition, both scenarios assumed loan spreads held at current levels, an incremental interest-bearing deposit beta of approximately 30%, no reinvestment of securities portfolio cash flows and no additions to interest rate swaps.

The average balance of the securities portfolio included in the analysis was $19.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 with an average yield of 1.97% and effective duration of 5.3 years.

The table below details components of the cash flow hedge portfolio at December 31, 2022.

| Cash Flow Hedges  (dollar amounts in millions)  Notional Amount  Weighted Average  Yield  Years to Maturity (a)  Swaps under contract at December 31, 2022 (b)  $  26,600  2.45%  4.6  Weighted average notional active per period:  Full year 2022  12,092  2.16  4.0  First quarter 2023  22,145  2.34  4.4  Second quarter 2023  22,384  2.36  4.6  Third quarter 2023  22,018  2.38  4.7  Fourth quarter 2023  22,934  2.43  4.8  First quarter 2024  23,652  2.47  4.9  Second quarter 2024  23,532  2.49  5.0  Third quarter 2024  23,484  2.51  5.0  Fourth quarter 2024  23,633  2.54  5.1  Full year 2025  22,973  2.57  5.1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Years to maturity calculated from a starting date of December 31, 2022.

(b) Includes forward starting swaps of $2.6 billion starting in 2023 and $2.0 billion starting in 2024. Excluding forward starting swaps, the weighted average yield was 2.35%.

The analysis also includes interest rate swaps that convert $3.2 billion of fixed-rate medium- and long-term debt to variable rates through fair value hedges. Additionally, included in this analysis are $14.7 billion of loans that were subject to an average interest rate floor of 52 basis points at December 31, 2022. This base-case net interest income is then compared against interest rate scenarios in which short-term rates rise or decline 100 basis points (with a floor of zero percent) in a linear, parallel fashion from the base case over 12 months, resulting in an average change of 50 basis points over the period.

The table below, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, displays the estimated impact on net interest income during the next 12 months by relating the base case scenario results to those from the rising and declining rate scenarios described above.

| Estimated Annual Change  (dollar amounts in millions)  2022  2021  December 31  Amount  %  Amount  %  Change in Interest Rates:  Change in Interest Rates:  Rising 100 basis points  $  10  -%  Rising 100 basis points  $  205  12%  (50 basis points on average)  (50 basis points on average)  Declining 100 basis points  (72)  (2)  Declining to zero percent  (46)  (3)  (50 basis points on average)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Overall sensitivity to interest rate movements declined from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 resulting from an  increase  in  fixed-rate  loans  (including  the  impact  of  interest  rate  swaps)  from  22  percent  of  the  loan  portfolio  at December 31, 2021 to 50 percent at December 31, 2022, as well as from a decrease in non-maturity deposits. The impact on a dollar basis to declining interest rates increased primarily due to an increase in the federal funds rate, allowing for a full 100 basis point repricing of the balance sheet in the 2022 scenario, compared to 25 basis points in the 2021 scenario, as well as an increase  in  modeled  base  case  net  interest  income.  Sensitivity  to  rising  interest  rates  decreased  due  to  increased  cash  flow hedges and non-maturity deposit runoff but was partially offset by the increased repricing potential of floating-rate loans as they moved above their contractual floor rates.

## Sensitivity of Economic Value of Equity to Changes in Interest Rates

In  addition  to  the  simulation  analysis  on  net  interest  income,  an  economic  value  of  equity  analysis  provides  an alternative view of the interest rate risk position. The economic value of equity is the difference between the estimate of the economic value of the Corporation's financial assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments, derived through discounting cash flows based on actual rates at the end of the period, and the estimated economic value after applying the estimated impact of rate movements. The Corporation primarily monitors the percentage change on the base-case economic value of equity. The economic value of equity analysis is based on an immediate parallel 100 basis point shock with a floor of zero percent.

The table below, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, displays the estimated impact on the economic value of equity from the interest rate scenario described above.

| (dollar amounts in millions)  2022  2021  December 31  Amount  %  Amount  %  Change in Interest Rates:  Change in Interest Rates:  Rising 100 basis points  $  (417)  (3)  %  Rising 100 basis points  $  1,353  9%  Declining 100 basis points  627  4  Declining to zero percent  (446)  (3)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity of the economic value of equity to rising rates changed from an increase as of December 31, 2021 to a reduction as of December 31, 2022 due to additional receive-fixed cash flow swaps, growth of fixed-rate securities and deposit runoff. Sensitivity to declining rates now increases economic value of equity due to the same factors.

## Loans by Maturity and Interest Rate Sensitivity

The contractual maturity distribution of the loan portfolio is presented below.

| Loans Maturing  (in millions)  December 31, 2022  Within One  Year (a)  After One  But Within  Five Years  After Five But  Within Fifteen  Years  After Fifteen  Years  Total  Commercial loans  $  12,047  $  17,357  $  1,377  $  128  $  30,909  Real estate construction loans  745  2,133  221  6  3,105  Commercial mortgage loans  2,346  7,287  3,646  27  13,306  Lease financing  233  491  36  -  760  International loans  557  578  62  -  1,197  Residential mortgage loans  4  6  224  1,580  1,814  Consumer loans  505  175  125  1,506  2,311  Total  $  16,437  $  28,027  $  5,691  $  3,247  $  53,402   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes demand loans, loans having no stated repayment schedule or maturity and overdrafts.

The interest rate composition of loans with a maturity date over one year are presented below based on contractual terms.

| Loans Maturing After One Year  (in millions)  December 31, 2022  Predetermined  (Fixed) Interest  Rate  Floating  Interest Rate  Total  Commercial loans  $  485  $  18,377  $  18,862  Real estate construction loans  23  2,337  2,360  Commercial mortgage loans  1,376  9,584  10,960  Lease financing  329  198  527  International loans  37  603  640  Residential mortgage loans  400  1,366  1,766  Consumer loans  32  1,774  1,806  Total  $  2,682  $  34,239  $  36,921   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Risk Management Derivative Instruments

The Corporation uses investment securities and derivative instruments as asset and liability management tools with the overall objective of managing the volatility of net interest income from changes in interest rates. These tools assist management in achieving the desired interest rate risk management objectives. Activity related to derivative instruments currently involves interest rate swaps effectively converting fixed-rate medium- and long-term debt to a floating rate as well as variable rate loans to a fixed rate.

| (in millions)  Risk Management Notional Activity  Interest  Rate  Contracts  Foreign  Exchange  Contracts  Totals  Balance at January 1, 2021  $  8,200  $  442  $  8,642  Additions  3,000  8,057  11,057  Maturities/amortizations  (500)  (8,047)  (8,547)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  10,700  $  452  $  11,152  Additions (a)  20,850  8,638  29,488  Maturities/amortizations  (1,800)  (8,698)  (10,498)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  29,750  $  392  $  30,142   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes $4.6 billion of forward starting receive fixed interest rate swaps that will become effective on their contractual start dates in 2023 and 2024.

The  notional  amount  of  risk  management  interest  rate  swaps  totaled  $29.8  billion  at  December  31,  2022,  which included  cash  flow  hedging  strategies  that  convert  $26.6  billion  of  variable-rate  loans  to  a  fixed  rate  as  well  as  fair  value hedging  strategies  that  convert  $3.2  billion  of  fixed-rate  medium-  and  long-term  debt  to  a  floating  rate.  Risk  management interest rate swaps generated no net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $163 million of net interest income generated for the year ended December 31, 2021.

In addition to interest rate swaps, the Corporation employs various other types of derivative instruments as offsetting positions to mitigate exposures to foreign currency risks associated with specific assets and liabilities (e.g., customer loans or deposits denominated in foreign currencies). Such instruments may include foreign exchange spot and forward contracts as well as foreign exchange swap agreements.

Further  information  regarding  risk  management  derivative  instruments  is  provided  in  Note  8  to  the  consolidated financial statements.

## Customer-Initiated and Other Derivative Instruments

| (in millions)  Customer-Initiated and Other Notional Activity  Interest  Rate  Contracts  Energy  Derivative  Contracts  Foreign  Exchange  Contracts  Totals  Balance at January 1, 2021  $  21,521  $  3,121  $  1,901  $  26,543  Additions  5,370  7,992  42,173  55,535  Maturities/amortizations  (2,713)  (2,790)  (42,358)  (47,861)  Terminations  (3,178)  (553)  -  (3,731)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  21,000  $  7,770  $  1,716  $  30,486  Additions  7,593  14,145  42,017  63,755  Maturities/amortizations  (3,017)  (6,002)  (41,029)  (50,048)  Terminations  (5,278)  (1,392)  -  (6,670)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  20,298  $  14,521  $  2,704  $  37,523   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Corporation sells and purchases interest rate caps and floors and enters into foreign exchange contracts, interest rate swaps and energy derivative contracts to accommodate the needs of customers requesting such services. Changes in the fair value of customer-initiated and other derivatives are recognized in earnings as they occur. To limit the market risk of these activities,  the  Corporation  generally  takes  offsetting  positions  with  dealers.  The  notional  amounts  of  offsetting  positions  are included in the table above. Customer-initiated and other notional activity represented 55 percent and 73 percent of total interest rate, energy and foreign exchange contracts at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Further  information  regarding  customer-initiated  and  other  derivative  instruments  is  provided  in  Note  8  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## LIBOR Transition

On  July  27,  2017,  the  United  Kingdom's  Financial  Conduct  Authority  (FCA),  which  regulates  LIBOR,  publicly announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. Effective March 2021, the FCA confirmed that certain LIBOR tenors will no longer be supported after December 31, 2021 and that the remaining tenors, including those most commonly used by the Corporation, will cease to be supported after June 30, 2023. The Corporation has substantial exposure to LIBOR-based products, including loans and derivatives, and is preparing for a transition from LIBOR toward alternative rates.

The Corporation ceased originating LIBOR-based products in the fourth quarter of 2021 and has since reduced total LIBOR  exposure  by  approximately  50  percent  to  $31.5  billion.  Substantially  all  of  the  Corporation's  LIBOR  exposure  is

comprised of loans, swaps and options. Of the remaining LIBOR-based products, 82 percent required no further remediation because the instruments mature prior to cessation or include fallback language.

As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately $16.0 billion of LIBOR-based loans, compared to $40.3 billion at December  31,  2021.  Of  these,  approximately  18  percent  have  maturity  dates  prior  to  cessation,  46  percent  mature  after cessation but have fallback language and the remaining 36 percent are in process of remediation. The Corporation is confident it will complete its remediation efforts in a timely manner.

In addition to remediation activity on LIBOR-based loans, the Corporation has enacted the International Swaps and Derivatives  Association  (ISDA)  protocols  which  relates  to  $15.5  billion  of  derivatives.  Once  events  occur  that  trigger  a fallback, the reference rate for the variable leg of the swap will fall back from LIBOR to the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the daily SOFR plus a spread.

The  Corporation's  enterprise  transition  timelines  are  closely  aligned  with  recommendations  from  the  Alternative Reference Rates Committee for both best practices and recommended objectives. The Corporation will continue to align with industry and regulatory guidelines regarding the cessation of LIBOR as well as monitor market developments for transitioning to alternative reference rates. For a discussion of the various risks facing the Corporation in relation to the transition away from LIBOR, see the market risk discussion within 'Item 1A. Risk Factors.'

## Sources of Liquidity

The Corporation maintains a liquidity position that it believes will adequately satisfy its financial obligations while taking  into  account  potential  commitment  draws  and  deposit  run-off  that  may  occur  in  the  normal  course  of  business.  The majority  of  the  Corporation's  balance  sheet  is  funded  by  customer  deposits.  Cash  flows  from  loan  repayments,  increases  in deposit accounts, activity in the securities portfolio and the purchased funds market serve as the Corporation's primary liquidity sources.

The  Corporation  satisfies  incremental  liquidity  needs  with  either  liquid  assets  or  external  funding  sources.  The Corporation  had  access  to  liquid  assets  of  $20.0  billion  and  $35.3  billion  at  December  31,  2022  and  December  31,  2021, respectively, which included cash on deposit with the Federal Reserve and the portion of the investment securities portfolio that the Corporation can sell without third-party consent.

In  addition,  the  Corporation  may  access  external  funding  sources  when  necessary,  which  include  FHLB  advances, federal funds, reverse repurchase agreements, brokered deposits and Corporation-issued bonds. The Corporation maintains a shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission from which it may issue debt and equity securities.

Purchased  funds  increased  to  $3.4  billion  at  December  31,  2022,  compared  to  $50  million  at  December  31,  2021, reflecting an increase in short-term FHLB advances. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had pledged loans totaling $24.5 billion which provided for up to $19.6 billion of available collateralized borrowing with the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB). The Bank is also a member of the FHLB of Dallas, Texas, which provides short- and long-term funding to its members through advances collateralized  by  real  estate-related  loans,  certain  government  agency-backed  securities  and  other  eligible  assets.  Actual borrowing capacity is contingent on the amount of collateral pledged to the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, $9.5 billion of real estate-related loans were pledged to the FHLB as collateral for $3.2 billion in short-term advances and providing an additional $7.2 billion for potential future borrowings.

The ability of the Corporation and the Bank to raise funds at competitive rates is impacted by rating agencies' views of the  credit  quality,  liquidity,  capital,  earnings  and  other  relevant  factors  related  to  the  Corporation  and  the  Bank.  As  of December  31,  2022,  the  three  major  rating  agencies  had  assigned  the  following  ratings  to  long-term  senior  unsecured obligations of the Corporation and the Bank. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.

| Comerica Incorporated  Comerica Bank  December 31, 2022  Rating  Outlook  Rating  Outlook  Standard and Poor's  BBB+  Stable  A-  Stable  Moody's Investors Service  A3  Stable  A3  Stable  Fitch Ratings  A-  Stable  A-  Stable   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Potential Uses of Liquidity

Various financial  obligations  such  as  contractual  obligations,  unfunded  commitments  and  deposit  withdrawals  may require future cash payments by the Corporation. Certain obligations are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, while others are off-balance sheet under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

The following table summarizes the Corporation's material noncancelable contractual obligations and future required minimum payments. Refer to Notes 10, 11, 12, and 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding these contractual obligations.

## Selected Contractual Obligations

| Minimum Payments Due by Period  (in millions)  December 31, 2022  Total  Less than  1 Year  1-3  Years  4-5  Years  More than  5 Years  Deposits without a stated maturity (a)  $  69,460  $  69,460  Certificates of deposit and other deposits with a stated  maturity (a)  1,937  1,789  $  112  $  31  $  5  Short-term borrowings (a)  3,211  3,211  -  -  -  Medium- and long-term debt (a)  3,150  850  850  400  1,050  Operating leases  480  63  132  100  185  Total contractual obligations  $  78,238  $  75,373  $  1,094  $  531  $  1,240  Medium- and long-term debt (parent company only) (a) (b)  $  1,650  $  850  $  -  $  250  $  550   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Deposits and borrowings exclude accrued interest.

(b) Parent company only amounts are included in the medium- and long-term debt minimum payments above.

In  addition  to  contractual  obligations,  other  commercial  commitments  of  the  Corporation  impact  liquidity.  These include  unused  commitments  to  extend  credit,  standby  letters  of  credit  and  financial  guarantees,  and  commercial  letters  of credit. The following table summarizes the Corporation's commercial commitments and expected expiration dates by period.

## Commercial Commitments

| Expected Expiration Dates by Period  (in millions)  December 31, 2022  Total  Less than  1 Year  1-3  Years  4-5  Years  More than  5 Years  Unused commitments to extend credit  $  34,817  $  6,295  $  14,030  $  10,713  $  3,779  Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees  3,712  3,347  73  230  62  Commercial letters of credit  39  39  -  -  -  Total commercial commitments  $  38,568  $  9,681  $  14,103  $  10,943  $  3,841   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Since many of these commitments expire without being fully drawn, and each customer must continue to meet the conditions established in the contract, the total amount of these commercial commitments does not necessarily represent the future cash requirements of the Corporation. Refer to Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of these commercial commitments.

## Other Market Risks

Market risk related to the Corporation's trading instruments is not significant, as trading activities are limited. Certain components of the Corporation's noninterest income, primarily fiduciary income, are at risk to fluctuations in the market values of underlying assets, particularly equity and debt securities. Other components of noninterest income, primarily brokerage fees, are at risk to changes in the volume of market activity.

## Operational Risk

Operational risk represents the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and people, or from external events, excluding in most cases those driven by technology (see Technology Risk below). The Corporation's definition of operational risk includes fraud; employment practice and workplace safety; clients, products and business practice; business continuity or disaster recovery; execution, delivery, and process management; third party and model risks. The definition does not  include  strategic  or  reputational  risks.  Although  operational  losses  are  experienced  by  all  companies  and  are  routinely incurred in business operations, the Corporation recognizes the need to identify and control operational losses and seeks to limit losses to a level deemed appropriate by management, as outlined in the Corporation's risk appetite statement. The appropriate risk  level  is  determined  through  consideration  of  the  nature  of  the  Corporation's  business  and  the  environment  in  which  it operates, in combination with the impact from, and the possible impact on, other risks faced by the Corporation. Operational risk  is  mitigated  through  a  system  of  internal  controls  that  are  designed  to  keep  operating  risks  at  appropriate  levels.  The Operational Risk Management Committee monitors risk management techniques and systems. The Corporation has developed a framework that includes a centralized operational risk reporting function in the Enterprise Risk Division and business/support unit risk liaisons responsible for managing operational risk specific to the respective business lines.

## Technology Risk

Technology risk represents the risk of loss or adverse outcomes arising from the people, processes, applications and infrastructure  that  support  the  technology  environment.  The  Corporation's  definition  of  technology  risk  includes  technology delivery  risk,  technology  investment  risk,  cybersecurity  risk,  information  security  risk  and  information  management  risk. Technology risk is inclusive of the risks associated with the execution of technology processes and activities by third-party contractors and suppliers to the Corporation. Other risk types may materialize in the event of a technology risk event, such as the risk of a financial reporting error or regulatory non-compliance, and the impact of such risks are highly interdependent with operational risk.

The  Technology  Risk  Committee,  comprising  senior  and  executive  business  unit  managers,  as  well  as  managers responsible for technology, cybersecurity, information security and enterprise risk management, oversees technology risk. The Technology  Risk  Committee  also  ensures  that  appropriate  actions  are  implemented  in  business  units  to  mitigate  risk  to  an acceptable level.

## Compliance Risk

Compliance risk represents the risk of sanctions or financial loss resulting from the Corporation's failure to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and standards of good banking practice. The impact of such risks is highly interdependent with  strategic  risk,  as  the  reputational  impact  from  compliance  breaches  can  be  severe.  Activities  which  may  expose  the Corporation to compliance risk include, but are not limited to, those dealing with the prevention of money laundering, privacy and data protection, community reinvestment initiatives, fair lending, consumer protection, employment and tax matters, overthe-counter derivative activities and other regulated activities.

The  Enterprise-Wide  Compliance  Committee,  comprising  senior  and  executive  business  unit  managers,  as  well  as managers responsible for compliance, audit and overall risk, oversees compliance risk. This enterprise-wide approach provides a  consistent  view  of  compliance  across  the  organization.  The  Enterprise-Wide  Compliance  Committee  also  ensures  that appropriate actions are implemented in business units to mitigate risk to an acceptable level.

## Strategic Risk

Strategic risk represents the risk of inadequate returns or possible losses due to impairment of reputation, failure to fully  develop and execute business plans, failure to assess current and new opportunities in business, markets and products, failure  to  determine  appropriate  consideration  for  risks  accepted,  and  any  other  event  not  identified  in  the  defined  risk categories of credit, market and liquidity, operational, technology or compliance risks. Mitigation of the various risk elements that  represent  strategic  risk  is  achieved  through  numerous  metrics  and  initiatives  to  help  the  Corporation  better  understand, measure and report  on  such  risks.  The  Executive  Strategy  and  Pricing  Committee,  comprised  of  senior  managers,  oversees strategic risk and ensures that strategic risk is mitigated to appropriate levels.

## CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

The Corporation's consolidated financial statements are prepared based on the application of accounting policies, the most  significant  of  which  are  described  in  Note  1.  These  policies  require  numerous  estimates  and  strategic  or  economic assumptions,  which  may  prove  inaccurate  or  subject  to  variations.  Changes  in  underlying  factors,  assumptions  or  estimates could have a material impact on the Corporation's future financial condition and results of operations. At December 31, 2022, the most critical of these estimates related to the allowance for credit losses, fair value measurement, pension plan accounting and income taxes. These estimates were reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Corporation's Board of Directors and are discussed more fully below.

## ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES

In accordance with CECL, the allowance for credit losses, which includes both the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments, is calculated with the objective of maintaining a reserve for current expected credit losses over the remaining contractual life of the portfolio. The Corporation uses loss factors, based on estimated probability of default for internal risk ratings and loss given default, to determine the allowance for credit losses for the majority of  its  portfolio.  Management  applies  loss  factors  to  pools  of  loans  and  lending-related  commitments  with  similar  risk characteristics, calibrates these factors using economic forecasts and incorporates qualitative adjustments. For further discussion of the methodology used in the determination of the allowance for credit losses, refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. For further discussion on the economic forecast incorporated into the 2022 model, refer to the 'Risk Management' section of this financial review.

Management's  determination  of  the  appropriateness  of  the  allowance  is  based  on  periodic  evaluations  of  the  loan portfolio,  lending-related  commitments,  current  as  well  as  forecasted  economic  factors  and  other  relevant  information.  The calculation is inherently subjective and requires management to exercise significant judgment in developing assumptions for the estimate, the most significant of which are the loan risk rating process, development of economic forecasts and application of qualitative  adjustments.  Sensitivities  are  disclosed  to  demonstrate  how  changes  in  loan  risk  ratings  and  economic  forecast scenarios  may  impact  the  allowance  for  credit  losses.  Sensitivities  only  consider  changes  to  each  specific  assumption  in isolation and their impact to the quantitative modeled results. They do not contemplate impacts to the qualitative framework.

## Loan Risk Rating Process

Reserve factors are applied to pools of loans based on risk characteristics, including the Corporation's internal risk rating  system;  therefore,  loss  estimates  are  highly  dependent  on  the  accuracy  of  the  risk  rating  assigned  to  each  loan.  The inherent imprecision in the risk rating system resulting from inaccuracy in assigning and/or entering risk ratings in the loan accounting system is monitored by the Corporation's asset quality review function. Changes to internal risk ratings, beyond the forecasted  migration  inherent  in  the  credit  models,  would  result  in  a  different  estimated  allowance  for  credit  losses.  To illustrate, if 5 percent of the individual risk ratings were adjusted down by one rating across all pools, the allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 would change by approximately $3 million.

## Forecasted Economic Variables

Management selects models through which historical reserve factor estimates are calibrated to economic forecasts over the  reasonable  and  supportable  forecast  period  based  on  the  projected  performance  of  specific  economic  variables  that statistically  correlate  with  the  probability  of  default  and  loss  given  default  pools.  Loss  estimates  revert  to  historical  loss experience  for  contractual  lives  beyond  the  forecast  period.  Management  selects  economic  variables  it  believes  to  be  most relevant based on the composition of the loan portfolio and customer base, including forecasted levels of employment, gross domestic product, corporate bond and treasury spreads, industrial production levels, consumer and commercial real estate price indices as well as housing statistics.

The allowance for credit losses is highly sensitive to the economic forecasts used to develop the estimate. Due to the high level of uncertainty regarding significant assumptions, the Corporation evaluated a range of economic scenarios, including a more severe economic forecast scenario, with varying responses to current economic risks. The following table summarizes the more severe forecast scenario for the economic variables that are most impactful.

| Economic Variable  More Severe Forecast  Real GDP growth  Contracts  through  first  quarter  2024,  peaking  at  a  decline  of  6.6  percent annualized in second quarter 2023, subsequently improving  to a 2 percent annual growth rate by the end of the forecast period.  Unemployment rate  Increases to almost 9 percent by fourth quarter 2024.  Corporate BBB bond to 10-year Treasury bond spreads  Spreads  widen  to  a  peak  of  over  5.5  percent  before  gradually  narrowing to 2.5 percent by the end of the forecast period.  Oil Prices  Decline to $39 per barrel by mid-2024 before improving to $46 per  barrel by fourth quarter 2024.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Selecting a different forecast in the current environment could result in a significantly different estimated allowance for credit losses. To illustrate, absent model overlays and other qualitative adjustments that are part of the quarterly reserving process,  if  the  Corporation  selected  the  more  severe  scenario  to  inform  its  models,  the  allowance  for  credit  losses  as  of December  31,  2022  would  increase  by  approximately  $308  million.  However,  factoring  in  model  overlays  and  qualitative adjustments could result in a materially different estimate under a more severe scenario.

## Qualitative Adjustments and Model Overlays

The Corporation includes qualitative adjustments, as appropriate, intended to capture the impact of uncertainties not reflected  in  the  quantitative  estimate,  including  foresight  risk,  model  imprecisions  and  input  imprecisions.  Qualitative adjustments  for  foresight  risk  reflect  the  inherent  imprecision  in  economic  forecasts  and  may  be  included  based  on management's evaluation of different forecast scenarios, ranging from more benign to more severe, and known recent events impacting the Corporation's portfolio. Model imprecision adjustments and model overlays may be included to mitigate known limitations  in  the  quantitative  models.  Input  imprecision  includes  adjustments  for  portfolios  where  recent  historical  losses exceed  expected  losses  or  known  recent  events  are  expected  to  alter  risk  ratings  once  evidence  is  acquired,  as  well  as  a qualitative assessment of the lending environment, including underwriting standards, current economic and political conditions, and  other  factors  affecting  credit  quality.  Qualitative  reserves  at  December  31,  2022  primarily  included  adjustments  for uncertainties related to forecasted economic variables.

## Other Considerations

To  the  extent  actual  outcomes  differ  from  management  estimates,  additional  provision  for  credit  losses  may  be required  that  would  adversely  impact  earnings  in  future  periods.  The  allowance  is  assigned  to  business  segments,  and  any earnings impact resulting from actual outcomes differing from management estimates would primarily affect the Commercial Bank segment.

## FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

Investment securities available-for-sale, derivatives and deferred compensation plan assets and associated liabilities are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, other assets and liabilities may be recorded at fair value  on  a  nonrecurring  basis,  such  as  impaired  loans  that  have  been  measured  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  underlying collateral,  other  real  estate  (primarily  foreclosed  property),  nonmarketable  equity  securities  and  certain  other  assets  and liabilities. Nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve write-downs of individual assets or application of lower of cost or fair value accounting.

Fair value is an estimate of the exchange price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction (i.e., not a forced transaction, such as a liquidation or distressed sale) between market participants at the measurement date and is based on the assumptions market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability. Fair value measurement and disclosure guidance establishes a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements include information about the fair value hierarchy, the extent to which fair value is used to measure assets and liabilities, as well as the valuation methodologies and key inputs used.

At December 31, 2022, assets and liabilities measured using observable inputs that are classified as Level 1 or Level 2 represented close to 100 percent and 99 percent of total assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, respectively. Valuations generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market are considered Level 3 and reflect estimates of assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The valuation of Level 3 assets and liabilities are considered critical accounting estimates.

## PENSION PLAN ACCOUNTING

The Corporation has a qualified and a non-qualified defined benefit pension plan. Effective January 1, 2017, benefits are calculated using a cash balance formula based on years of service, age, compensation and an interest credit based on the 30year Treasury rate. Participants under age 60 as of December 31, 2016 are eligible to receive a frozen final average pay benefit in addition to amounts earned under the cash balance formula. Participants age 60 or older as of December 31, 2016 continue to be eligible for a final average pay benefit. The Corporation makes assumptions concerning future events that will determine the amount  and  timing  of  required  benefit  payments,  funding  requirements  and  defined  benefit  pension  expense.  The  major assumptions are the discount rate used in determining the current benefit obligation, the long-term rate of return expected on plan assets, mix of assets within the portfolio and the projected mortality rate.

The discount rate is determined by matching the expected cash flows of the pension plans to a portfolio of high quality corporate bonds as of the measurement date, December 31. The long-term rate of return expected on plan assets is set after considering  both  long-term  returns  in  the  general  market  and  long-term  returns  experienced  by  the  assets  in  the  plan.  The current target asset allocation model for the plans is provided in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. The expected returns  on  these  various  asset  categories  are  blended  to  derive  one  long-term  return  assumption.  The  assets  are  primarily invested in certain collective investment funds, common stocks, U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agency securities, as well as corporate and municipal bonds and notes. Mortality rate assumptions are based on mortality tables published by thirdparties such as the Society of Actuaries, considering other available information including historical data as well as studies and publications from reputable sources.

The Corporation reviews its pension plan assumptions on an annual basis with its actuarial consultants to determine if the assumptions are reasonable and adjusts the assumptions to reflect changes in future expectations. The major assumptions used to calculate 2023 and 2022 defined benefit plan pension expense (benefit) were as follows:

| 2023  2022  Discount rate  5.60 %  2.96 %  Long-term rate of return on plan assets  6.50 %  6.50 %  Mortality table:  Base table (a)  Pri-2012  Pri-2012  Mortality improvement scale (a)  MP-2020  MP-2020   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Issued by the Society of Actuaries

Defined benefit plan benefit is expected to decrease $64 million to approximately $25 million in 2023, compared to a benefit of $89 million in 2022. This includes service cost expense of $34 million and a benefit from other components of $59 million. Service costs are included in salaries and benefits expense, while the benefit from other components are included in other noninterest expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

The Corporation's pension plan is most sensitive to changes in discount rate and long-term rate of return. A change to the discount rate implies a corresponding change in interest rates that affect the value of the plan's fixed income assets. An increase of 25 basis points to the discount rate, including the effect of higher interest rates on the plan's fixed income assets, would result in a net increase to pension expense of $11 million, while a decrease of 25 basis points would reduce pension expense by $11 million. Increasing the long-term rate of return by 25 basis points would reduce pension expense by $6 million, while a decrease of 25 basis points would increase pension expense by $6 million.

Due to the long-term nature of pension plan assumptions, actual results may differ significantly from the actuarialbased estimates. Differences resulting in actuarial gains or losses are required to be recorded in shareholders' equity as part of accumulated other comprehensive loss and amortized to defined benefit pension expense in future years. Refer to Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.

## INCOME TAXES

The provision for income taxes is the sum of income taxes due for the current year and deferred taxes. Deferred taxes arise from temporary differences between the income tax basis and financial accounting basis of assets and liabilities. Accrued taxes represent the net estimated amount due to or to be received from taxing jurisdictions, currently or in the future, and are included in accrued income and other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Included  in  net  deferred  taxes  are  deferred  tax  assets.  Deferred  tax  assets  are  evaluated  for  realization  based  on available evidence of projected future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, assumptions made regarding future events and, when applicable, state loss carryback capacity. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more-likely-than-not that  some  portion  of  the  deferred  tax  asset  will  not  be  realized.  Determining  whether  deferred  tax  assets  are  realizable  is subjective and requires the use of significant judgment.

The  Corporation  assesses  the  relative  risks  and  merits  of  tax  positions  for  various  transactions  after  considering statutes,  regulations,  judicial  precedent  and  other  available  information  and  maintains  tax  accruals  consistent  with  these assessments. This assessment is complex and requires judgment. The Corporation is subject to audit by taxing authorities that could question and/or challenge the tax positions taken by the Corporation. Changes in the estimate of accrued taxes occur due to changes in tax law, interpretations of existing tax laws, new judicial or regulatory guidance, and the status of examinations conducted  by  taxing  authorities  that  impact  the  relative  risks  and  merits  of  tax  positions  taken  by  the  Corporation.  These changes,  when  they  occur,  impact  the  estimate  of  accrued  taxes  and  could  be  significant  to  the  operating  results  of  the Corporation. For further information on tax accruals and related risks, see Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL DATA

The Corporation believes non-GAAP measures are meaningful because they reflect adjustments commonly made by management, investors, regulators and analysts to evaluate the adequacy of common equity and our performance trends.

Pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue (PPNR) is a measure that the Corporation uses to understand fundamental operating performance before credit-related and tax expenses.

Tangible common equity is used by the Corporation to measure the quality of capital and the return relative to balance sheet risk.

Common equity tier 1 capital ratio removes preferred stock from the Tier 1 capital ratio as defined by and calculated in conformity with bank regulations. The tangible common equity ratio removes the effect of intangible assets from capital and total  assets.  Tangible  common  equity  per  share  of  common  stock  removes  the  effect  of  intangible  assets  from  common shareholders'  equity  per  share  of  common  stock.  The  Corporation  believes  that  the  presentation  of  tangible  common  equity adjusted for the impact of accumulated other comprehensive loss provides a greater understanding of ongoing operations and enhances comparability with prior periods.

The  following  table  provides  a  reconciliation  of  non-GAAP  financial  measures  and  regulatory  ratios  used  in  this financial review with financial measures defined by GAAP.

| (dollar amounts in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  Pre-tax, Pre-provision Net Revenue (PPNR):  Net income  $  1,151  $  1,168  Add:  Provision for income taxes  325  322  Provision for credit losses  60  (384)  PPNR  $  1,536  $  1,106  Common Equity Tier 1 Capital:  Tier 1 capital  $  8,278  $  7,458  Less:  Fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock  394  394  Common equity tier 1 capital  $  7,884  $  7,064  Risk-weighted assets  $  78,871  $  69,708  Tier 1 capital ratio  10.50 %  10.70 %  Common equity tier 1 capital ratio  10.00  10.13  Tangible Common Equity Ratio:  Total shareholders' equity  $  5,181  $  7,897  Less:  Fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock  394  394  Common shareholders' equity  $  4,787  $  7,503  Less:  Goodwill  635  635  Other intangible assets  9  11  Tangible common equity  $  4,143  $  6,857  Total assets  $  85,406  $  94,616  Less:  Goodwill  635  635  Other intangible assets  9  11  Tangible assets  $  84,762  $  93,970  Common equity ratio  5.60 %  7.93 %  Tangible common equity ratio  4.89  7.30  Tangible Common Equity per Share of Common Stock:  Common shareholders' equity  $  4,787  $  7,503  Tangible common equity  4,143  6,857  Shares of common stock outstanding (in millions)  131  131  Common shareholders' equity per share of common stock  $  36.55  $  57.41  Tangible common equity per share of common stock  31.62  52.46  Impact of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss to Tangible Common Equity:  Accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCI)  (3,742)  (212)  Tangible common equity, excluding AOCI  7,885  7,069  Tangible common equity ratio, excluding AOCI  9.30 %  7.52 %  Tangible common equity per share of common stock, excluding AOCI  $  60.19  54.08   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report includes forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, the Corporation may make other written and oral communications from time to time that contain such statements. All statements regarding the Corporation's expected financial position, strategies and growth prospects as well as general economic conditions expected to exist in the future are forward-looking statements. The words, 'anticipates,' 'believes,' "contemplates," 'feels,'  'expects,'  'estimates,'  'seeks,'  'strives,'  'plans,'  'intends,'  'outlook,'  'forecast,'  'position,'  'target,'  'mission,' 'assume,'  'achievable,'  'potential,'  'strategy,'  'goal,'  'aspiration,'  'opportunity,'  'initiative,'  'outcome,'  'continue,' 'remain,' 'maintain,' "on track," 'trend,' 'objective,' 'looks forward,' "projects," "models" and variations of such words and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as 'will,' 'would,' 'should,' 'could,' 'might,' 'can,' 'may' or similar expressions,  as  they  relate  to  the  Corporation  or  its  management,  are  intended  to  identify  forward-looking  statements.  The Corporation  cautions  that  forward-looking  statements  are  subject  to  numerous  assumptions,  risks  and  uncertainties,  which change over time. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statement is made, and the Corporation does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect facts, circumstances, assumptions or events that occur after the date the  forward-looking  statements  are  made.  Actual  results  could  differ  materially  from  those  anticipated  in  forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance.

In  addition  to  factors  mentioned  elsewhere  in  this  report  or  previously  disclosed  in  the  Corporation's  SEC  reports (accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov or on the Corporation's website at www.comerica.com), actual results could differ materially from forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance due to a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, the following factors:

- changes  in  customer  behavior  may  adversely  impact  the  Corporation's  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of operations;
- unfavorable developments concerning credit quality could adversely affect the Corporation's financial results;
- declines in the businesses or industries of the Corporation's customers could cause increased credit losses or decreased loan balances, which could adversely affect the Corporation;
- governmental monetary and fiscal policies may adversely affect the financial services industry, and therefore impact the Corporation's financial condition and results of operations;
- fluctuations in interest rates and their impact on deposit pricing could adversely affect the Corporation's net interest income and balance sheet;
- developments impacting LIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks could adversely affect the Corporation;
- the  Corporation  must  maintain  adequate  sources  of  funding  and  liquidity  to  meet  regulatory  expectations,  support  its operations and fund outstanding liabilities;
- reduction in the Corporation's credit ratings could adversely affect the Corporation and/or the holders of its securities;
- the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Corporation;
- security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting the Corporation's colleagues and  customers,  malware  intrusion  or  data  corruption  attempts,  and  identity  theft,  could  result  in  the  disclosure  of confidential information;
- cybersecurity and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and regulatory focus;
- the Corporation's operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached;
- the Corporation relies on other companies to provide certain key components of its delivery systems, and certain failures could materially adversely affect operations;
- legal  and  regulatory  proceedings  and  related  financial  services  industry  matters,  including  those  directly  involving  the Corporation and its subsidiaries, could adversely affect the Corporation or the financial services industry in general;
- the Corporation may incur losses due to fraud;
- controls and procedures may fail to prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud;
- changes in regulation or oversight, or changes in Comerica's status with respect to existing regulations or oversight, may have a material adverse impact on the Corporation's operations;
- compliance with more stringent capital requirements may adversely affect the Corporation;
- the impacts of future legislative, administrative or judicial changes or interpretations to tax regulations are unknown;
- damage to the Corporation's reputation could damage its businesses;
- the  Corporation  may  not  be  able  to  utilize  technology  to  develop,  market  and  deliver  new  products  and  services  to  its customers;
- competitive product and pricing pressures within the Corporation's markets may change;
- the  introduction,  implementation,  withdrawal,  success  and  timing  of  business  initiatives  and  strategies  may  be  less successful or may be different than anticipated, which could adversely affect the Corporation's business;
- management's ability to maintain and expand customer relationships may differ from expectations;
- management's ability to retain key officers and employees may change;

- any future strategic acquisitions or divestitures may present certain risks to the Corporation's business and operations;
- general  political,  economic  or  industry  conditions,  either  domestically  or  internationally,  may  be  less  favorable  than expected;
- inflation could negatively impact the Corporation's business, profitability and stock price;
- methods of reducing risk exposures might not be effective;
- catastrophic events, including pandemics, may adversely affect the general economy, financial and capital markets, specific industries, and the Corporation;
- climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could adversely affect the Corporation's operations, businesses and customers;
- changes in accounting standards could materially impact the Corporation's financial statements;
- the  Corporation's  accounting  policies  and  processes  are  critical  to  the  reporting  of  financial  condition  and  results  of operations and require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain; and
- the Corporation's stock price can be volatile.

(in millions, except share data)

| December 31  2022  2021  ASSETS  Cash and due from banks  $  1,758  $  1,236  Interest-bearing deposits with banks  4,524  21,443  Other short-term investments  157  197  Investment securities available-for-sale  19,012  16,986  Commercial loans  30,909  29,366  Real estate construction loans  3,105  2,948  Commercial mortgage loans  13,306  11,255  Lease financing  760  640  International loans  1,197  1,208  Residential mortgage loans  1,814  1,771  Consumer loans  2,311  2,097  Total loans  53,402  49,285  Allowance for loan losses  (610)  (588)  Net loans  52,792  48,697  Premises and equipment  400  454  Accrued income and other assets  6,763  5,603  Total assets  $  85,406  $  94,616  LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY  Noninterest-bearing deposits  $  39,945  $  45,800  Money market and interest-bearing checking deposits  26,290  31,349  Savings deposits  3,225  3,167  Customer certificates of deposit  1,762  1,973  Other time deposits  124  -  Foreign office time deposits  51  50  Total interest-bearing deposits  31,452  36,539  Total deposits  71,397  82,339  Short-term borrowings  3,211  -  Accrued expenses and other liabilities  2,593  1,584  Medium- and long-term debt  3,024  2,796  Total liabilities  80,225  86,719  Fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series A, no par value, $100,000  liquidation preference per share:  Authorized - 4,000 shares  Issued - 4,000 shares  394  394  Common stock - $5 par value:  Authorized - 325,000,000  shares  Issued - 228,164,824  shares  1,141  1,141  Capital surplus  2,220  2,175  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (3,742)  (212)  Retained earnings  11,258  10,494  Less cost of common stock in treasury - 97,197,962 shares at 12/31/2022 and 97,476,872 shares  at 12/31/2021  (6,090)  (6,095)  Total shareholders' equity  5,181  7,897  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  $  85,406  $  94,616   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

(in millions, except per share data)

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  INTEREST INCOME  Interest and fees on loans  $  2,153  $  1,594  $  1,773  Interest on investment securities  414  280  291  Interest on short-term investments  105  27  29  Total interest income  2,672  1,901  2,093  INTEREST EXPENSE  Interest on deposits  102  22  101  Interest on short-term borrowings  17  -  1  Interest on medium- and long-term debt  87  35  80  Total interest expense  206  57  182  Net interest income  2,466  1,844  1,911  Provision for credit losses  60  (384)  537  Net interest income after provision for credit losses  2,406  2,228  1,374  NONINTEREST INCOME  Card fees  273  298  270  Fiduciary income  233  231  209  Service charges on deposit accounts  195  195  185  Commercial lending fees  109  104  77  Derivative income  109  99  67  Bank-owned life insurance  47  43  44  Letter of credit fees  38  40  37  Brokerage fees  21  14  21  Other noninterest income  43  99  91  Total noninterest income  1,068  1,123  1,001  NONINTEREST EXPENSES  Salaries and benefits expense  1,208  1,133  1,019  Outside processing fee expense  251  266  242  Occupancy expense  175  161  156  Software expense  161  155  154  Equipment expense  50  50  49  Advertising expense  38  35  35  FDIC insurance expense  31  22  33  Other noninterest expenses  84  39  66  Total noninterest expenses  1,998  1,861  1,754  Income before income taxes  1,476  1,490  621  Provision for income taxes  325  322  124  NET INCOME  1,151  1,168  497  Less:  Income allocated to participating securities  6  5  2  Preferred stock dividends  23  23  13  Net income attributable to common shares  $  1,122  $  1,140  $  482  Earnings per common share:  Basic  $  8.56  $  8.45  $  3.45  Diluted  8.47  8.35  3.43  Cash dividends declared on common stock  356  365  378  Cash dividends declared per common share  2.72  2.72  2.72   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

(in millions)

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  NET INCOME  $  1,151  $  1,168  $  497  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME  Unrealized (losses) gains on investment securities:  Net unrealized holding (losses) gains arising during the period  (2,903)  (406)  191  Change in net unrealized (losses) gains before income taxes  (2,903)  (406)  191  Net (losses) gains on cash flow hedges:  Net cash flow hedge (losses) gains arising during the period before income taxes  (1,329)  (35)  229  Less: Net cash flow hedge (losses) gains recognized in interest and fees on loans  before taxes  (25)  95  70  Change in net cash flow hedge (losses) gains before income taxes  (1,304)  (130)  159  Defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans adjustment:  Actuarial (loss) gain arising during the period  (415)  159  128  Prior service credit arising during the period  -  1  -  Adjustments for amounts recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost:  Amortization of actuarial net loss  28  40  47  Amortization of prior service credit  (23)  (25)  (27)  Change in defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans adjustment  before income taxes  (410)  175  148  Total other comprehensive (loss) income before income taxes  (4,617)  (361)  498  (Benefit) provision for income taxes  (1,087)  (85)  118  Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax  (3,530)  (276)  380  COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME  $  (2,379)  $  892  $  877   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

Accumulated

| Nonredeemable  Common Stock  Other  Total  Preferred  Shares  Capital  Comprehensive  Retained  Treasury  Shareholders'  (in millions, except per share data)  Stock  Outstanding  Amount  Surplus  (Loss) Income  Earnings  Stock  Equity  BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2019  $  -  142.1  $  1,141  $  2,174  $  (316)  $  9,619  $  (5,291)  $  7,327  Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles  -  -  -  -  -  13  -  13  Net income  -  -  -  -  -  497  -  497  Other comprehensive income, net of tax  -  -  -  -  380  -  -  380  Cash dividends declared on common stock ($2.72 per  share)  -  -  -  -  -  (378)  -  (378)  Cash dividends declared on preferred stock  -  -  -  -  -  (13)  -  (13)  Purchase of common stock  -  (3.4)  -  -  -  -  (194)  (194)  Issuance of preferred stock  394  -  -  -  -  -  -  394  Net issuance of common stock under employee stock  plans  -  0.5  -  (13)  -  (11)  24  -  Share-based compensation  -  -  -  24  -  -  -  24  BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020  $  394  139.2  $  1,141  $  2,185  $  64  $  9,727  $  (5,461)  $  8,050  Net income  -  -  -  -  -  1,168  -  1,168  Other comprehensive loss, net of tax  -  -  -  -  (276)  -  -  (276)  Cash dividends declared on common stock ($2.72 per  share)  -  -  -  -  -  (365)  -  (365)  Cash dividends declared on preferred stock  -  -  -  -  -  (23)  -  (23)  Purchase of common stock  -  (9.5)  -  (24)  -  -  (699)  (723)  Net issuance of common stock under employee stock  plans  -  1.0  -  (27)  -  (13)  65  25  Share-based compensation  -  -  -  41  -  -  -  41  BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021  $  394  130.7  $  1,141  $  2,175  $  (212)  $  10,494  $  (6,095)  $  7,897  Net income  -  -  -  -  -  1,151  -  1,151  Other comprehensive loss, net of tax  -  -  -  -  (3,530)  -  -  (3,530)  Cash dividends declared on common stock ($2.72 per  share)  -  -  -  -  -  (356)  -  (356)  Cash dividends declared on preferred stock  -  -  -  -  -  (23)  -  (23)  Purchase of common stock  -  (0.4)  -  -  -  -  (36)  (36)  Net issuance of common stock under employee stock  plans  -  0.7  -  (15)  -  (8)  41  18  Share-based compensation  -  -  -  60  -  -  -  60  BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022  $  394  131.0  $  1,141  $  2,220  $  (3,742)  $  11,258  $  (6,090)  $  5,181   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

(in millions)

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Net income  $  1,151  $  1,168  $  497  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:  Provision for credit losses  60  (384)  537  (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes  (27)  79  (82)  Depreciation and amortization  92  99  108  Net periodic defined benefit credit  (91)  (81)  (55)  Share-based compensation expense  60  41  24  Net amortization of securities  30  36  15  Net gains on sales of foreclosed property  (2)  -  (1)  Net change in:  Accrued income receivable  (152)  13  25  Accrued expenses payable  131  132  (29)  Other, net  (614)  (469)  (111)  Net cash provided by operating activities  638  634  928  INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Investment securities available-for-sale:  Maturities and redemptions  2,511  5,536  3,350  Purchases  (7,470)  (7,936)  (5,804)  Net change in loans  (4,824)  4,067  (2,136)  Proceeds from sales of foreclosed property  3  8  5  Net increase in premises and equipment  (82)  (70)  (79)  Federal Home Loan Bank stock:  Purchases  (131)  -  (51)  Redemptions  -  115  92  Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance settlements  39  16  20  Other, net  2  (13)  1  Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities  (9,952)  1,723  (4,602)  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Net change in:  Deposits  (10,401)  8,438  15,554  Short-term borrowings  3,211  -  (71)  Medium- and long-term debt:  Maturities and redemptions  -  (2,800)  (1,675)  Issuances and advances  500  -  -  Preferred stock:  Issuance  -  -  394  Cash dividends paid  (23)  (23)  (8)  Common stock:  Repurchases  (43)  (729)  (199)  Cash dividends paid  (353)  (369)  (375)  Issuances under employee stock plans  28  34  4  Other, net  (2)  4  (1)  Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities  (7,083)  4,555  13,623  Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents  (16,397)  6,912  9,949  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  22,679  15,767  5,818  Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  $  6,282  $  22,679  $  15,767  Interest paid  $  130  $  57  $  203  Income taxes paid  277  157  141   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 1 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Organization

Comerica Incorporated (the Corporation) is a registered financial holding company headquartered in Dallas, Texas. The Corporation's major business segments are the Commercial Bank, the Retail Bank and Wealth Management. For further discussion of each business segment, refer to Note 22. The Corporation and its banking subsidiaries are regulated at both the state and federal levels.

The  accounting  and  reporting  policies  of  the  Corporation  conform  to  United  States  (U.S.)  generally  accepted accounting  principles  (GAAP).  The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  GAAP  requires  management  to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Certain amounts in the financial statements for prior years have been reclassified to conform to the current financial statement presentation.

The  following  summarizes  the  significant  accounting  policies  of  the  Corporation  applied  in  the  preparation  of  the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

## Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Corporation and the accounts of those subsidiaries that are majority owned and in which the Corporation has a controlling financial interest. The Corporation consolidates entities not determined to be variable interest entities (VIEs) when it holds a controlling financial interest and applies the cost or equity method  when  it  holds  less  than  a  controlling  financial  interest.  In  consolidation,  all  significant  intercompany  accounts  and transactions are eliminated. The results of operations of companies acquired are included from the date of acquisition.

The Corporation holds investments in certain legal entities that are considered VIEs. In general, a VIE is an entity that either  (1)  has  an  insufficient  amount  of  equity  to  carry  out  its  principal  activities  without  additional  subordinated  financial support, (2) has a group of equity owners that are unable to make significant decisions about its activities, or (3) has a group of equity owners that do not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated by its operations. If any of these characteristics are present, the entity is subject to a variable interests consolidation model, and consolidation is based on variable interests, not on voting interests. Variable interests are defined as contractual ownership or other economic interests in  an  entity  that  change  with  fluctuations  in  the  entity's  net  asset  value.  The  primary  beneficiary,  which  is  required  to consolidate the VIE, is defined as the party that has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact  the  entity's  economic  performance  and  the  obligation  to  absorb  losses  or  the  right  to  receive  benefits  that  could  be significant to the VIE. The maximum potential exposure to losses relative to investments in VIEs is generally limited to the sum of the outstanding book basis and unfunded commitments for future investments.

The Corporation evaluates its investments in VIEs, both at inception and when there is a change in circumstances that requires  reconsideration,  to  determine  if  the  Corporation  is  the  primary  beneficiary  and  consolidation  is  required.  The Corporation accounts for unconsolidated VIEs using either the proportional, cost or equity method. These investments comprise investments  in  community  development  projects  which  generate  tax  credits  to  their  investors  and  are  included  in  accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The  proportional  method  is  used  for  investments  in  affordable  housing  projects  that  qualify  for  the  low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC). The equity method is used for other investments where the Corporation has the ability to exercise significant influence over the entity's operation and financial policies. Other unconsolidated equity investments that do not meet the criteria to be accounted for under the equity method are accounted for under the cost method. Amortization and other writedowns of LIHTC investments are presented on a net basis as a component of the provision for income taxes, while income, amortization  and  write-downs  from  cost  and  equity  method  investments  are  recorded  in  other  noninterest  income  on  the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Assets  held  in  an  agency  or  fiduciary  capacity  are  not  assets  of  the  Corporation  and  are  not  included  in  the consolidated financial statements.

See Note 9 for additional information about the Corporation's involvement with VIEs.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Fair Value Measurements

The Corporation utilizes fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. The determination of fair values of financial instruments often requires the use of estimates. In cases where quoted market values in an active market are not available, the Corporation uses present value techniques and other valuation  methods  to  estimate  the  fair  values  of  its  financial  instruments.  These  valuation  methods  require  considerable judgment and the resulting estimates of fair value can be significantly affected by the assumptions made and methods used.

Fair value is an estimate of the exchange price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction (i.e., not a forced transaction, such as a liquidation or distressed sale) between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is based on the assumptions market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability.

Investment  securities  available-for-sale,  derivatives,  deferred  compensation  plans  and  equity  securities  with  readily determinable fair values (primarily money market mutual funds) are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Corporation may be required to record other assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, such  as  impaired  loans,  other  real  estate  (primarily  foreclosed  property),  nonmarketable  equity  securities  and  certain  other assets  and  liabilities.  These  nonrecurring  fair  value  adjustments  typically  involve  write-downs  of  individual  assets  or application of lower of cost or fair value accounting.

Fair value measurements and disclosures guidance establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data. Fair value measurements are separately disclosed by level within the fair value hierarchy. For assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, it is  the  Corporation's  policy  to  maximize  the  use  of  observable  inputs  and  minimize  the  use  of  unobservable  inputs  when developing fair value measurements.

- Level 1 Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets.
- Level 2 Valuation  is  based  upon  quoted  prices  for  similar  instruments  in  active  markets,  quoted  prices  for identical or similar instruments in markets that are less active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.
- Level 3 Valuation  is  generated  from  model-based  techniques  that  use  at  least  one  significant  assumption  not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques.

The Corporation generally utilizes third-party pricing services to value Level 1 and Level 2 securities. Management reviews  the  methodologies  and  assumptions  used  by  the  third-party  pricing  services  and  evaluates  the  values  provided, principally by comparison with other available market quotes for similar instruments and/or analysis based on internal models using  available  third-party  market  data.  The  Corporation  may  occasionally  adjust  certain  values  provided  by  the  third-party pricing service when management believes, as the result of its review, that the adjusted price most appropriately reflects the fair value of the particular security.

Fair  value  measurements  for  assets  and  liabilities  where  limited  or  no  observable  market  data  exists  are  based primarily upon estimates, often calculated based on the economic and competitive environment, the characteristics of the asset or liability and other factors. Therefore, the results cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale  or  immediate  settlement  of  the  asset  or  liability.  Additionally,  there  may  be  inherent  weaknesses  in  any  calculation technique so that changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates of future cash flows, could significantly affect the results of current or future values.

Following  are  descriptions  of  the  valuation  methodologies  and  key  inputs  used  to  measure  financial  assets  and liabilities recorded at fair value, as well as a description of the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate fair value disclosures for financial instruments not recorded at fair value in their entirety on a recurring basis. The descriptions include an indication of the level of the fair value hierarchy in which the assets or liabilities are classified.

## Cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks

Due to their short-term nature, the carrying amount of these instruments approximates the estimated fair value. As such, the Corporation classifies the estimated fair value of these instruments as Level 1.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Deferred compensation plan assets and liabilities as well as equity securities with a readily determinable fair value

The  Corporation  holds  a  portfolio  of  securities  that  includes  equity  securities  and  assets  held  related  to  deferred compensation plans. Securities and associated deferred compensation plan liabilities are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis and included in other short-term investments and accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Level 1 securities include assets related to deferred compensation plans, which are invested in mutual funds, U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets and other securities traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange. Level 2 securities include municipal bonds and mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government-sponsored entities and corporate debt securities. Deferred compensation plan liabilities represent the fair value of the obligation to the plan participant, which corresponds to the fair value of the invested assets. The methods  used  to  value  equity  securities  and  deferred  compensation  plan  assets  are  the  same  as  the  methods  used  to  value investment securities, discussed below.

## Investment securities

Investment securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.  Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers  in  active  over-the-counter  markets  and  money  market  funds.  Level  2  securities  include  mortgage-backed  securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored entities, as well as corporate debt securities. The fair value of Level 2 securities is determined using quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, or pricing models based on observable market data inputs, primarily interest rates, spreads and prepayment information.

Securities  classified  as  Level  3  represent  securities  in  less  liquid  markets  requiring  significant  management assumptions when determining fair value.

## Loans held-for-sale

Loans held-for-sale, included in other short-term investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value. Loans held-for-sale may be carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when fair value is less than cost. The fair value is based on what secondary markets are currently offering for portfolios with similar characteristics. As such, the Corporation classifies both loans held-for-sale subjected to nonrecurring fair value adjustments and the estimated fair value of loans held-for sale as Level 2.

## Loans

The Corporation does not record loans at fair value on a recurring basis. However, an individual allowance may be established for a loan that no longer shares risk characteristics with loan pools, typically collateral-dependent loans for which reserves  are  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  underlying  collateral.  Such  loan  values  are  reported  as  nonrecurring  fair  value measurements. Collateral values supporting individually evaluated loans are evaluated quarterly. When management determines that the fair value of the collateral requires additional adjustments, either as a result of non-current appraisal value or when there is no observable market price, the Corporation classifies the loan as Level 3.

The  Corporation  discloses  fair  value  estimates  for  loans.  The  estimated  fair  value  is  determined  based  on characteristics  such  as  loan  category,  repricing  features  and  remaining  maturity,  and  includes  prepayment  and  credit  loss estimates. Fair values are estimated using a discounted cash flow model that employs discount rates reflecting current pricing for loans with similar maturity and risk characteristics, including credit characteristics, and the cost of equity for the portfolio at the balance sheet date. The rates take into account the expected yield curve, as well as an adjustment for prepayment risk, when applicable. The Corporation classifies the estimated fair value of loans held for investment as Level 3.

## Customers' liability on acceptances outstanding and acceptances outstanding

Customers'  liability  on  acceptances  outstanding  is  included  in  accrued  income  and  other  assets  and  acceptances outstanding are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Due to their short-term nature, the carrying amount of these instruments approximates the estimated fair value. As such, the Corporation classifies the estimated fair value of these instruments as Level 1.

## Derivative assets and derivative liabilities

Derivative  instruments  held  or  issued  for  risk  management  or  customer-initiated  activities  are  traded  in  over-thecounter markets where quoted market prices are not readily available. Fair value for over-the-counter derivative instruments is measured on a recurring basis using internally developed models primarily based on market observable inputs, such as yield curves and option volatilities. The Corporation manages credit risk on its derivative positions based on whether the derivatives

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

are settled through a clearinghouse or bilaterally with each counterparty. For derivative positions settled on a counterparty-bycounterparty basis, the Corporation calculates credit valuation adjustments, included in the fair value of these instruments, on the basis of its relationships at the counterparty portfolio or master netting agreement level. These credit valuation adjustments are  determined  by  applying  a  credit  spread  for  the  counterparty  or  the  Corporation,  as  appropriate,  to  the  total  expected exposure of the derivative  after  considering  collateral  and  other  master  netting  arrangements.  These  adjustments,  which  are considered Level 3 inputs, are based on estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default. When credit valuation adjustments are significant to the overall fair value of a derivative, the Corporation classifies the over-the-counter derivative valuation in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy; otherwise, over-the-counter derivative valuations are classified in Level 2.

## Nonmarketable equity securities

The Corporation has a portfolio of indirect (through funds) private equity and venture capital investments, included in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The investments are accounted for either on the cost or equity  method  and  are  individually  reviewed  for  impairment  on  a  quarterly  basis  by  comparing  the  carrying  value  to  the estimated  fair  value.  These  investments  may  be  carried  at  fair  value  on  a  nonrecurring  basis  when  they  are  deemed  to  be impaired and written down to fair value. Where there is not a readily determinable fair value, the Corporation estimates fair value for indirect private equity and venture capital investments based on the net asset value, as reported by the fund.

The Corporation also holds restricted equity investments, primarily Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) and Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock. Restricted equity securities are not readily marketable and are recorded at cost (par value) in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and evaluated for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of  the  par  value.  No  significant  observable  market  data  for  these  instruments  is  available.  The  Corporation  considers  the profitability  and  asset  quality  of  the  issuer,  dividend  payment  history  and  recent  redemption  experience  and  believes  its investments  in  FRB  and  FHLB  stock  are  ultimately  recoverable  at  par.  Therefore,  the  carrying  amount  for  these  restricted equity investments approximates fair value. The Corporation classifies the estimated fair value of such investments as Level 1. The Corporation's investment in FHLB stock totaled $138 million and $7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and its investment in FRB stock totaled $85 million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Other real estate

Other  real  estate  is  included  in  accrued  income  and  other  assets  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets  and  includes primarily foreclosed property. Foreclosed property is initially recorded at fair value, less costs to sell, at the date of legal title transfer to the Corporation, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequently, foreclosed property is carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less costs to sell. Other real estate may be carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when fair value is less than cost.  Fair  value  is  based  upon  independent  market  prices,  appraised  value  or  management's  estimate  of  the  value  of  the property. When management determines that the fair value of other real estate requires additional adjustments, either as a result of a non-current appraisal or when there is no observable market price, the Corporation classifies the other real estate as Level 3.

## Deposit liabilities

The  estimated  fair  value  of  checking,  savings  and  certain  money  market  deposit  accounts  is  represented  by  the amounts payable on demand. The estimated fair value of term deposits is calculated by discounting the scheduled cash flows using the period-end rates offered on these instruments. As such, the Corporation classifies the estimated fair value of deposit liabilities as Level 2.

## Short-term borrowings

The carrying amount of federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other short-term borrowings approximates the estimated fair value. As such, the Corporation classifies the estimated fair value of short-term borrowings as Level 1.

## Medium- and long-term debt

The estimated fair value of the Corporation's medium- and long-term debt is based on quoted market values when available. If quoted market values are not available, the estimated fair value is based on the market values of debt with similar characteristics. The Corporation classifies the estimated fair value of medium- and long-term debt as Level 2.

## Loans

Loans and leases originated and held for investment are recorded at the principal balance outstanding, net of unearned income,  charge-offs  and  unamortized  deferred  fees  and  costs.  Interest  income  is  recognized  on  loans  and  leases  using  the interest method.

The  Corporation  assesses  all  loan  modifications  to  determine  whether  a  restructuring  constitutes  a  troubled  debt restructuring  (TDR).  A  restructuring  is  considered  a  TDR  when  a  borrower  is  experiencing  financial  difficulty  and  the Corporation  grants  a  concession  to  the  borrower.  TDRs  on  accrual  status  at  the  original  contractual  rate  of  interest  are considered performing. Nonperforming TDRs include TDRs on nonaccrual status and loans which have been renegotiated to less than the original contractual rates (reduced-rate loans).

Certain types of modifications related to COVID-19 that were granted during 2020 and 2021 were excluded from TDR accounting.  See Note 1 in the 2021 10-K for additional information.

Effective  January  1,  2020,  the  Corporation  adopted  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board  (FASB)  Accounting Standards  Update  (ASU)  No.  2020-04  "Reference  Rate  Reform  (Topic  848):  Facilitation  of  the  Effects  of  Reference  Rate

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Credit-related financial instruments

Credit-related  financial  instruments  include  unused  commitments  to  extend  credit  and  letters  of  credit.  These instruments generate ongoing fees which are recognized over the term of the commitment. The carrying value of the deferred fees,  which  approximates  fair  value  of  these  instruments,  is  included  in  accrued  expenses  and  other  liabilities  on  the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Corporation classifies the estimated fair value of credit-related financial instruments as Level 3.

For further information about fair value measurements refer to Note 2.

## Other Short-Term Investments

Other short-term investments include deferred compensation plan assets, certificates of deposits, equity securities with a readily determinable fair value and loans held-for-sale.

Deferred  compensation  plan  assets  and  equity  securities  are  carried  at  fair  value.  Realized  and  unrealized  gains  or losses are included in other noninterest income on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Loans held-for-sale, typically residential mortgages originated with the intent to sell and occasionally including other loans transferred to held-for-sale, are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Fair value is determined in the aggregate for each portfolio.  Changes in fair value and gains or losses upon sale are included in other noninterest income on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

## Investment Securities

Debt securities are classified as trading, available-for-sale (AFS) or held-to-maturity. Trading securities are recorded at fair  value,  with  unrealized gains and losses included in noninterest income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. AFS securities are recorded at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of income taxes, reported as a separate component of other  comprehensive  income  (OCI).  Securities  for  which  management  has  the  intent  and  ability  to  hold  to  maturity  are classified as held-to-maturity and recorded at amortized cost. Interest income is recognized using the interest method.  All of the Corporation's investment securities are classified as AFS at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

An AFS security is impaired if its fair value is less than amortized cost. Credit-related impairment is recognized as an allowance to investment securities available-for-sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with a corresponding adjustment to provision  for  credit  losses  on  the  Consolidated  Statements  of  Income.  Non-credit-related  impairment  is  recognized  as  a component of OCI. If the Corporation intends to sell an impaired AFS security or more likely than not will be required to sell that  security  before  recovering  its  amortized  cost  basis,  the  entire  impairment  amount  is  recognized  in  earnings  with corresponding adjustment to the security's amortized cost basis.

For  certain  types  of  AFS  securities,  such  as  U.S.  Treasuries  and  other  securities  with  government  guarantees,  the Corporation generally expects zero credit losses. The zero-loss expectation applies to all the Corporation's securities and no allowance for credit losses was recorded on its AFS securities portfolio at December 31, 2022.

Gains or losses on the sale of securities are computed based on the adjusted cost of the specific security sold.

For further information on investment securities, refer to Note 3.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

Reform on Financial Reporting," (ASU 2020-04). Typically, entities must evaluate whether a loan contract modification results in a modified loan or a new loan for accounting purposes. Topic 848 allows entities to bypass this evaluation for qualifying modifications  related  to  reference  rate  reform.  The  Corporation  will  apply  the  relief  provided  by  Topic  848  to  qualifying contract modifications. The FASB included a sunset provision within Topic 848 of December 31, 2022, based on the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) announcement that it would no longer need to persuade or compel banks to submit to LIBOR after December 31, 2021. In March 2021, the FCA extended the intended cessation date of most tenors of LIBOR in the United States to June 30, 2023. In response, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06 'Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848,' (ASU 2022-06) in December 2022, which defers the expiration date of ASC Topic 848 to December 31, 2024. The Corporation adopted ASU 2022-06 immediately upon issuance.

## Loan Origination Fees and Costs

Substantially all loan origination fees and costs are deferred and amortized to net interest income over the life of the related loan or over the commitment period as a yield adjustment. Net deferred income on originated loans, including unearned income and unamortized costs, fees, premiums and discounts, totaled $118 million and $102 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Loan fees on unused commitments and net origination fees related to loans sold are recognized in noninterest income.

## Allowance for Credit Losses

The allowance for credit  losses  includes  both  the  allowance  for  loan  losses  and  the  allowance  for  credit  losses  on lending-related commitments.

The Corporation disaggregates the loan portfolio into segments for purposes of determining the allowance for credit losses.  These  segments  are  based  on  the  level  at  which  the  Corporation  develops,  documents  and  applies  a  systematic methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses. The Corporation's portfolio segments are business loans and retail loans. Business loans include the commercial, real estate construction, commercial mortgage, lease financing and international loan portfolios. Retail loans consist of residential mortgage and consumer loans, including home equity loans.

Current expected credit losses are estimated over the contractual life of the loan portfolio, considering all available relevant  information,  including  historical  and  current  conditions  as  well  as  reasonable  and  supportable  forecasts  of  future events.

## Allowance for Loan Losses

The  allowance  for  loan  losses  is  estimated  on  a  quarterly  basis  and  represents  management's  estimates  of  current expected  credit  losses  in  the  Corporation's  loan  portfolio.  Pools  of  loans  with  similar  risk  characteristics  are  collectively evaluated while loans that no longer share risk characteristics with loan pools are evaluated individually.

Collective loss estimates are determined by applying loss factors, designed to estimate current expected credit losses, to amortized cost balances over the remaining contractual life of the collectively evaluated portfolio. Loans with similar risk characteristics are aggregated into homogeneous pools. Business loans are assigned to pools based primarily on business line and  the  Corporation's  internal  risk  rating  system.  For  retail  loans,  pools  are  based  on  loan  type,  past  due  status  and  credit scores. Loss factors are based on estimated probability of default for each pool, set to a default horizon based on contractual life,  and  loss  given  default.  Historical  estimates  are  calibrated  to  economic  forecasts  over  the  reasonable  and  supportable forecast period based on the projected performance of specific economic variables that statistically correlate with each of the probability of default and loss given default pools. At least annually, management considers different models when estimating credit losses, selecting ones that most reasonably forecast credit losses in the relevant economic environment.

The  calculation  of  current  expected  credit  losses  is  inherently  subjective,  as  it  requires  management  to  exercise judgment  in  determining  appropriate  factors  used  to  determine  the  allowance.  Some  of  the  most  significant  factors  in  the quantitative allowance estimate are assigning internal risk ratings to loans, selecting the economic forecasts used to calibrate the reserve factors and determining the reasonable and supportable forecast period.

- Internal Risk Ratings :  Loss  factors  are  dependent  on  loan  risk  ratings  for  business  loans.  Risk  ratings  are  assigned  at origination, based on inherent credit risk, and updated based on new information that becomes available, periodic reviews of credit quality, a change in borrower performance or modifications to lending agreements.
- Economic Forecasts: Management selects economic variables it believes to be most relevant based on the composition of the loan portfolio and customer base, including forecasted levels of employment, gross domestic product, corporate bond and treasury spreads, industrial production levels, consumer and commercial real estate price indices as well as housing

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

statistics.  Different  economic  forecast  scenarios  ranging  from  more  benign  to  more  severe  are  evaluated  each  reporting period to forecast losses over the contractual life of the loan portfolio.

- Forecast  Period :  Economic  forecasts  are  applied  over  the  period  management  believes  it  can  estimate  reasonable  and supportable forecasts. Forecast periods may be adjusted in response to changes in the economic environment. To estimate losses for contractual periods that extend beyond the forecast horizon, the Corporation reverts to an average historical loss experience. The Corporation typically forecasts economic variables over a two-year horizon, followed by an immediate reversion to an average historical loss experience that generally incorporates a full economic cycle. Management reviews this methodology on at least an annual basis.

The allowance for loan losses also includes qualitative adjustments to bring the allowance to the level management believes is appropriate based on factors that have not otherwise been fully accounted for, including adjustments for foresight risk,  input  imprecision  and  model  imprecision.  Foresight  risk  reflects  the  inherent  imprecision  in  forecasting  economic variables, including determining the depth and duration of economic cycles and their impact to relevant economic variables. The Corporation may make qualitative adjustments based on its evaluation of different forecast scenarios and known recent events  impacting  relevant  economic  variables.  Input  imprecision  factors  address  the  risk  that  certain  model  inputs  may  not reflect all available information including (i) risk factors that have not been fully addressed in internal risk ratings, (ii) changes in  lending  policies  and  procedures,  (iii)  changes  in  the  level  and  quality  of  experience  held  by  lending  management,  (iv) imprecision  in  the  risk  rating  system  and  (v)  limitations  in  data  available  for  certain  loan  portfolios.  Model  imprecision considers known model limitations and model updates not yet fully reflected in the quantitative estimate.

The determination of the appropriate qualitative adjustment is based on management's analysis of current and expected economic conditions and their impact to the portfolio, as well as internal credit risk movements and a qualitative assessment of the  lending  environment,  including  underwriting  standards.  Management  recognizes  the  sensitivity  of  various  assumptions made in the quantitative modeling of expected losses and may adjust reserves depending upon the level of uncertainty that currently exists in one or more assumptions.

Credit losses for loans that no longer share risk characteristics with the loan pools are estimated on an individual basis. Individual credit loss estimates are typically performed for nonaccrual loans and modified loans classified as TDRs and are based on one of several methods, including the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, observable market value of similar debt or the present value of expected cash flows. The Corporation considers certain loans to be collateral-dependent if the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and management expects repayment for the loan to be substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral. For collateral-dependent loans, loss estimates are based on the fair value of collateral, less estimated  cost  to  sell  (if  applicable).  Collateral  values  supporting  individually  evaluated  loans  are  assessed  quarterly  and appraisals are typically obtained at least annually.

The  total  allowance  for  loan  losses  is  sufficient  to  absorb  expected  credit  losses  over  the  contractual  life  of  the portfolio.  Unanticipated  events  impacting  the  economy,  including  political  instability  or  global  events  affecting  the  U.S. economy, could cause changes to expectations for current conditions and economic forecasts that result in an unanticipated increase in the allowance. Significant increases in current portfolio exposures or changes in credit characteristics could also increase the amount of the allowance. Such events, or others of similar nature, may result in the need for additional provision for credit losses in order to maintain an allowance that complies with credit risk and accounting policies.

Loans deemed uncollectible are charged off and deducted from the allowance. Recoveries on loans previously charged off are added to the allowance.

Credit losses are not estimated for accrued interest receivable as interest that is deemed uncollectible is written off through interest income.

## Allowance for Credit Losses on Lending-Related Commitments

The allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments estimates current expected credit losses on collective pools of letters of credit and unused commitments to extend credit based on reserve factors, determined in a manner similar to business  loans,  multiplied  by  a  probability  of  draw  estimate,  based  on  historical  experience  and  credit  risk,  applied  to commitment amounts. The allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with the corresponding charge included in the provision for credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.

## Nonperforming Assets

Nonperforming assets consist of nonaccrual loans, reduced-rate loans and foreclosed property.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

A loan is  considered  past  due  when  the  contractually  required  principal  or  interest  payment  is  not  received  by  the specified  due  date  or,  for  certain  loans,  when  a  scheduled  monthly  payment  is  past  due  and  unpaid  for  30  days  or  more. Business loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status when management determines full collection of principal or interest is unlikely or when principal or interest payments are 90 days past due, unless the loan is fully collateralized and in the process of collection. The past-due status of a business loan is one of many indicative factors considered in determining the collectibility of the credit. The primary driver of when the principal amount of a business loan should be fully or partially charged-off is based on a qualitative assessment of the recoverability of the principal amount from collateral and other cash flow sources. Residential mortgage and home equity loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status once they become 90 days past due and are charged off to current appraised values less costs to sell no later than 180 days past due. In addition, junior lien home equity loans  less  than  90  days  past  due  are  placed  on  nonaccrual  status  if  they  have  underlying  risk  characteristics  that  place  full collection of the loan in doubt, such as when the related senior lien position is identified as seriously delinquent. Residential mortgage and consumer loans in bankruptcy for which the court has discharged the borrower's obligation and the borrower has not reaffirmed the debt are placed on nonaccrual status and written down to estimated collateral value, without regard to the actual payment status of the loan, and are classified as TDRs. All other consumer loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status at 90 days past due and are charged off at no later than 120 days past due, or earlier if deemed uncollectible.

At  the  time  a  loan  is  placed  on  nonaccrual  status,  interest  previously  accrued  but  not  collected  is  charged  against current income. Principal and interest payments received on such loans are generally first applied as a reduction of principal. Income on nonaccrual loans is then recognized only to the extent that cash is received after principal has been fully repaid or future collection of principal is probable. Generally, a loan may be returned to accrual status when all delinquent principal and interest have been received and the Corporation expects repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest, or when the loan or debt security is both well secured and in the process of collection.

Foreclosed property (primarily real estate) is initially recorded at fair value, less costs to sell, at the date of legal title transfer to the Corporation and subsequently carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less estimated costs to sell. Loans are reclassified to foreclosed property upon obtaining legal title to the collateral. Independent appraisals are obtained to substantiate the fair value of foreclosed property at the time of foreclosure and updated at least annually or upon evidence of deterioration in the  property's  value.  At  the  time  of  foreclosure,  the  adjustment  for  the  difference  between  the  related  loan  balance  and  fair value (less estimated costs to sell) of the property acquired is charged or credited to the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent write-downs,  operating  expenses  and  losses  upon  sale,  if  any,  are  charged  to  noninterest  expenses.  Foreclosed  property  is included in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

## Premises and Equipment

Premises and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation, computed using the straight-line method, is charged to occupancy expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives are generally 3 years to 33 years for premises that the Corporation owns and 3 years to 8 years for furniture and equipment. Leasehold improvements are generally amortized over the terms of their respective leases or 10 years, whichever is shorter.

## Operating Leases

Operating leases with a term greater than one year are recognized as lease liabilities, measured as the present value of unpaid lease payments for operating leases where the Corporation is the lessee, and corresponding right-of-use (ROU) assets for the right to use the leased properties. Operating lease liabilities, recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities, reflect the Corporation's  obligation  to  make  future  lease  payments,  primarily  for  real  estate  locations.  Lease  terms  typically  comprise contractual terms but may include extension options reasonably certain of being exercised at lease inception for certain strategic locations such as regional headquarters. Payments are discounted using the Corporation's incremental borrowing rate, or the rate it would pay to borrow amounts equal to the lease payments over the lease term. The Corporation does not separate lease and non-lease components for contracts in which it is the lessee. ROU assets, recorded in accrued income and other assets, are measured  based  on  lease  liabilities  adjusted  for  incentives  as  well  as  accrued  and  prepaid  rent.  Operating  lease  expense  is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, while variable lease payments are recognized as incurred. Common area maintenance  and  other  executory  costs  are  the  main  components  of  variable  lease  payments.  Operating  and  variable  lease expenses are recorded in net occupancy expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

## Software

Capitalized  software,  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortization,  includes  purchased  software  and  capitalizable application  development  costs  associated  with  internally  developed  software  and  cloud  computing  arrangements,  including capitalizable  implementation  costs  associated  with  hosting  arrangements  that  are  service  contracts.  Cloud  computing

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

arrangements include software as a service (SaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and other similar hosting arrangements. The Corporation primarily utilizes SaaS and IaaS arrangements. Capitalized implementation costs of  hosting  arrangements  that  are  service  contracts  were  $32  million  at  December  31,  2022,  which  included  accumulated depreciation  related  to  these  costs  of  $3  million.  Capitalized  implementation  costs  of  hosting  arrangements  that  are  service contracts were $21 million at December 31, 2021, which included accumulated depreciation related to these costs of $3 million.

Capitalized software is included in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amortization expense, generally computed on the straight-line method, is charged to software expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income  over  the  estimated  useful  life  of  the  software,  generally  five  years,  or  the  term  of  the  hosting  arrangement  for implementation costs related to service contracts.

## Goodwill and Core Deposit Intangibles

Goodwill, included in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, is initially recorded as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination and is subsequently evaluated at least annually for impairment. Goodwill impairment testing is performed at the reporting unit level, equivalent to a business segment or one level below. The Corporation has three reporting units: the Commercial Bank, the Retail Bank and Wealth Management.

The Corporation performs its annual evaluation of goodwill impairment in the third quarter of each year and may elect to perform a quantitative impairment analysis or first conduct a qualitative analysis to determine if a quantitative analysis is necessary.  Additionally,  the  Corporation  evaluates  goodwill  impairment  on  an  interim  basis  if  events  or  changes  in circumstances between annual tests indicate additional testing may be warranted to determine if goodwill might be impaired. Factors considered in the assessment of the likelihood of impairment include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, stock performance of the Corporation and its peers, financial performance of the reporting units, and previous results of goodwill impairment tests, amongst other factors. Based on the results of the qualitative analysis, the Corporation determines  whether  a  quantitative  test  is  necessary.  The  quantitative  test  compares  the  estimated  fair  value  of  identified reporting units with their carrying amount, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge would be recorded for the excess, not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.

Core deposit intangibles are amortized on an accelerated basis, based on the estimated period the economic benefits are expected to be received. Core deposit intangibles are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Impairment for a finite-lived intangible asset exists if its carrying value exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset.

Additional information regarding goodwill and core deposit intangibles can be found in Note 7.

## Nonmarketable Equity Securities

The  Corporation  has  certain  investments  that  are  not  readily  marketable.  These  investments  include  a  portfolio  of investments  in  indirect  private  equity  and  venture  capital  funds  and  restricted  equity  investments,  which  are  securities  the Corporation is required to hold for various reasons, primarily Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas (FHLB) and Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) stock. These investments are accounted for on the cost or equity method and are included in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The investments are individually reviewed for impairment on a quarterly basis. Indirect private equity and venture capital funds are evaluated for impairment by comparing the carrying value to the estimated fair  value.  Impairment is  charged to current earnings and the carrying value of the investment is written down accordingly. FHLB and FRB stock are recorded at cost (par value) and evaluated for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of the par  value.  If  the  Corporation  does  not  expect  to  recover  the  full  par  value,  the  amount  by  which  the  par  value  exceeds  the ultimately recoverable value would be charged to current earnings and the carrying value of the investment would be written down accordingly.

## Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities

Derivative instruments are carried at fair value in either accrued income and other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a derivative instrument is determined by whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and, further, by the type of hedging relationship. The Corporation presents derivative instruments at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net basis when a right of offset exists, based on transactions with a single counterparty and any cash collateral paid to and/ or received from that counterparty for derivative contracts that are subject to legally enforceable master netting arrangements.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

For derivative instruments designated and qualifying as fair value hedges (i.e., hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset or a liability or an identified portion thereof that is attributable to a particular risk), the gain or loss on the derivative instrument, as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, are recognized in the same consolidated statement of income line that is used to present the earnings effect of the hedged item during the period of the change in fair values. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges (i.e., hedging the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk), the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same consolidated statement of income line item as the earnings effect of the hedged item in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, the gain or loss is recognized in current earnings during the period of change.

To qualify for the use of hedge accounting, a derivative must be effective at inception and expected to be continuously effective in offsetting the risk being hedged. For derivatives designated as hedging instruments at inception, the Corporation uses either the short-cut method or applies statistical regression analysis to assess effectiveness. The short-cut method is used for  $2.6  billion  of  notional  of  fair  value  hedges  of  medium-  and  long-term  debt.  This  method  allows  for  the  assumption  of perfect  effectiveness  and  eliminates  the  requirement  to  further  assess  hedge  effectiveness  on  these  transactions.  For  hedge relationships to which the Corporation does not apply the short-cut method, statistical regression analysis is used at inception to assess whether the derivative used is expected to be highly effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item. A statistical regression or qualitative analysis is performed at each reporting period thereafter to evaluate hedge effectiveness.

Topic 848 provided optional provisions to minimize the impact of reference rate reform to qualifying fair value and cash  flow  hedging  relationships  by  allowing  certain  hedge  accounting  requirements  to  be  suspended  during  the  transition period. The Corporation has elected various provisions to transition its hedging relationships away from LIBOR. For further information on Topic 848, refer to the "Loans" policy in this Note.

Further information on the Corporation's derivative instruments and hedging activities is included in Note 8.

## Short-Term Borrowings

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are treated as collateralized borrowings and are recorded at amounts equal  to  the  cash  received.  The  contractual  terms  of  the  agreements  to  repurchase  may  require  the  Corporation  to  provide additional collateral if the fair value of the securities underlying the borrowings declines during the term of the agreement.

## Financial Guarantees

Certain guarantee contracts or indemnification agreements that contingently require the Corporation, as guarantor, to make payments to the guaranteed party are initially measured at fair value and included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets.  The  subsequent  accounting  for  the  liability  depends  on  the  nature  of  the  underlying guarantee. The release from risk is accounted for under a particular guarantee when the guarantee expires or is settled, or by a systematic and rational amortization method.

Further information on the Corporation's obligations under guarantees is included in Note 8.

## Share-Based Compensation

The  Corporation  recognizes  share-based  compensation  expense  using  the  straight-line  method  over  the  requisite service period for all stock awards, including those with graded vesting. The requisite service period is the period an employee is required to provide service in order to vest in the award, which cannot extend beyond the date at which the employee is no longer required to perform any service to receive the share-based compensation (i.e., the retirement-eligible date). Forfeiture of stock awards and dividend equivalents are accounted for as they occur.

Certain  awards  are  contingent  upon  performance  and/or  market  conditions,  which  affect  the  number  of  shares ultimately  issued.  The  Corporation  periodically  evaluates  the  probable  outcome  of  the  performance  conditions  and  makes cumulative adjustments to compensation expense as appropriate. Market conditions are included in the determination of the fair value  of  the  award  on  the  date  of  grant.  Subsequent  to  the  grant  date,  market  conditions  have  no  impact  on  the  amount  of compensation expense the Corporation will recognize over the life of the award.

Further information on the Corporation's share-based compensation plans is included in Note 16.

## Revenue Recognition

Revenue from contracts with customers comprises the noninterest income earned by the Corporation in exchange for services provided to customers and is recognized when services are completed or as they are rendered, although contracts are generally short-term by nature. Services provided over a period of time are typically transferred to customers evenly over the term of the contracts and revenue is recognized accordingly over the period services are provided. Contract receivables are included in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Payment terms vary by services offered, and the time between completion of performance obligations and payment is typically not significant.

## Card Fees

Card fees comprise interchange and other fee income earned on government card, commercial card, debit/automated teller machine card and merchant payment processing programs. Card fees are presented net of network costs, as performance obligations  for  card  services  are  limited  to  transaction  processing  and  settlement  with  the  card  network  on  behalf  of  the customers. Fees for these services are primarily based on interchange rates set by the network and transaction volume. The Corporation also provides ongoing card program support services, for which fees are based on contractually agreed-upon prices and customer demand for services.

## Service Charges on Deposit Accounts

Service  charges  on  deposit  accounts  comprise  charges  on  retail  and  business  accounts,  including  fees  for  treasury management  services.  Treasury  management  services  include  transaction-based  services  related  to  payment  processing, overdrafts, non-sufficient funds and other deposit account activity, as well as account management services that are provided over time. Business customers can earn credits depending on deposit balances maintained with the Corporation, which may be used to offset fees. Fees and credits are based on predetermined, agreed-upon rates.

## Fiduciary Income

Fiduciary  income  includes  fees  and  commissions  from  asset  management,  custody,  recordkeeping,  investment advisory  and  other  services  provided  primarily  to  personal  and  institutional  trust  customers.  Revenue  is  recognized  as  the services  are  performed  and  is  based  either  on  the  market  value  of  the  assets  managed  or  the  services  provided,  as  well  as agreed-upon rates.

## Commercial Lending Fees

Commercial lending fees include both revenue from contracts with customers (primarily loan servicing fees) and other sources of revenue. Commercial loan servicing fees are based on contractually agreed-upon prices and when the services are provided.  Other  sources  of  revenue  in  commercial  lending  fees  primarily  include  fees  assessed  on  the  unused  portion  of commercial lines of credit (unused commitment fees) and syndication arrangements.

## Brokerage Fees

Brokerage fees are commissions earned for facilitating securities transactions for customers, as well as other brokerage services  provided.  Revenue  is  recognized  when  services  are  completed  and  is  based  on  the  type  of  services  provided  and agreed-upon rates. The Corporation pays commissions based on brokerage fee revenue. These are typically recognized when incurred  because  the  amortization  period  is  one  year  or  less  and  are  included  in  salaries  and  benefits  expense  on  the Consolidated Statements of Income.

## Other Revenues

Other  revenues,  consisting  primarily  of  other  retail  fees,  investment  banking  fees  and  insurance  commissions,  are typically recognized when services or transactions are completed and are based on the type of services provided and agreedupon rates.

Except as discussed above, commissions and other incentives paid to employees are generally based on several internal and external metrics and, as a result, are not solely dependent on revenue generating activities.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Costs

Defined benefit pension costs are funded consistent with the requirements of federal laws and regulations. Inherent in the determination of defined benefit pension costs are assumptions concerning future events that will affect the amount and timing  of  required  benefit  payments  under  the  plans.  These  include  demographic  assumptions  such  as  retirement  age  and mortality,  a  compensation  rate  increase,  a  discount  rate  used  to  determine  the  current  benefit  obligation,  form  of  payment election and a long-term expected rate of return on plan assets. Net periodic defined benefit pension expense includes service cost, interest cost based on the assumed discount rate, an expected return on plan assets based on an actuarially derived marketrelated value of assets (MRVA), amortization of prior service cost or credit and amortization of net actuarial gains or losses. The MRVA for fixed income securities and private placement assets is based on the fair value of plan assets,  whereas  the MRVA for other plan assets is determined by amortizing the current year's investment gains and losses (the actual investment return net of the expected investment return) over 5 years. The amortization adjustment cannot exceed 10 percent of the fair value of assets. Prior service costs or credits include the impact of plan amendments on the liabilities and are amortized over the future service periods of active employees expected to receive benefits under the plan. Actuarial gains and losses result from experience different from that assumed and from changes in assumptions (excluding asset gains and losses not yet reflected in market-related value). Amortization of actuarial gains and losses is included as a component of net periodic defined benefit pension cost for a year if the actuarial net gain or loss exceeds 10 percent of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related  value  of  plan  assets.  If  amortization  is  required,  the  excess  is  amortized  over  the  average  remaining  service period of participating employees expected to receive benefits under the plan. Service costs are included in salaries and benefits expense, while the other components of net periodic defined benefit pension expense are included in other noninterest expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Postretirement benefit costs includes service cost, interest cost based on the assumed discount rate, an expected return on  plan  assets  based  on  an  actuarially  derived  MRVA,  amortization  of  prior  service  cost  or  credit  and  amortization  of  net actuarial gains or losses. The components of postretirement benefit costs follow similar policies and methodologies as defined benefit pensions costs. Postretirement benefits are recognized in other noninterest expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

See  Note  17  for  further  information  regarding  the  Corporation's  defined  benefit  pension  and  other  postretirement plans.

## Income Taxes

The provision for income taxes is the sum of income taxes due for the current year and deferred taxes. The Corporation classifies interest and penalties on income tax liabilities and excess tax benefits and deficiencies resulting from employee stock awards in the provision for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Deferred taxes arise from temporary differences between the income tax basis and financial accounting basis of assets and liabilities.  Deferred  tax  assets  are  evaluated  for  realization  based  on  available  evidence  of  projected  future  reversals  of existing  taxable  temporary  differences,  foreign  tax  credit  limitations,  assumptions  made  regarding  future  events  and,  when applicable, state loss carryback capacity. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.

## Earnings Per Share

Basic net income per common share is calculated using the two-class method. The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share for each share of common stock and participating securities according to dividends  declared  (distributed  earnings)  and  participation  rights  in  undistributed  earnings.  Distributed  and  undistributed earnings  are  allocated  between  common  and  participating  security  shareholders  based  on  their  respective  rights  to  receive dividends. Nonvested share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents are considered participating securities (e.g., certain service-based restricted stock units). Undistributed net losses are not allocated to nonvested restricted shareholders, as these shareholders do not have a contractual obligation to fund the losses incurred by the Corporation. Net income attributable to common shares is then divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period.

Diluted net income per common share is calculated using the more dilutive of either the treasury method or the twoclass  method.  The  dilutive  calculation  considers  common  stock  issuable  under  the  assumed  exercise  of  stock  options  and warrants, as well as service- and performance-based restricted stock units granted under the Corporation's stock plans using the treasury stock method, if dilutive. Net income attributable to common shares is then divided by the total of weighted-average number of common shares and common stock equivalents outstanding during the period.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Statements of Cash Flows

Cash and cash equivalents are defined as those amounts included in cash and due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

## Comprehensive (Loss) Income

The Corporation presents on an annual basis the components of net income and other comprehensive income in two separate,  but  consecutive  statements  and  presents  on  an  interim  basis  the  components  of  net  income  and  a  total  for comprehensive income in one continuous consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

## Pending Accounting Pronouncements

In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-02, "Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures" (ASU 2022-02), which eliminates the accounting for troubled debt restructurings (TDR) while expanding modification and vintage disclosure requirements. The update requires additional disclosures on the nature,  magnitude  and  subsequent  performance  of  certain  types  of  modifications  with  borrowers  experiencing  financial difficulties. ASU 2022-02 further included a requirement to disclose gross charge-offs incurred by year of origination of the related  loan  or  lease.  The  standard  update  is  effective  for  the  Corporation  on  January  1,  2023,  and  must  be  applied prospectively, except that the recognition and measurement of TDRs may be applied using a modified retrospective approach. Early  adoption  is  permitted.  The  Corporation  adopted  ASU  2022-02  prospectively  on  January  1,  2023  and  will  update  its disclosures  in  the  first  quarter  of  2023.  The  update  is  not  expected  to  have  a  material  impact  to  the  Corporation's  financial condition or results of operations upon adoption.

## NOTE 2 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

Note 1 contains information about the fair value hierarchy, descriptions of the valuation methodologies and key inputs used to measure financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, as well as a description of the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate fair value disclosures for financial instruments not recorded at fair value in their entirety on a recurring basis.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

The following tables present the recorded amount of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| (in millions)  Total  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  December 31, 2022  Deferred compensation plan assets  $  92  $  92  $  -  $  -  Equity securities  44  44  -  -  Investment securities available-for-sale:  U.S. Treasury securities  2,664  2,664  -  -  Residential mortgage-backed securities (a)  11,655  -  11,655  -  Commercial mortgage-backed securities (a)  4,693  -  4,693  -  Total investment securities available-for-sale  19,012  2,664  16,348  -  Derivative assets:  Interest rate contracts  206  -  206  -  Energy contracts  1,020  -  1,020  -  Foreign exchange contracts  53  -  53  -  Total derivative assets  1,279  -  1,279  -  Total assets at fair value  $  20,427  $  2,800  $  17,627  $  -  Derivative liabilities:  Interest rate contracts  $  644  $  -  $  644  $  -  Energy contracts  1,006  -  1,006  -  Foreign exchange contracts  45  -  45  -  Other financial derivative  12  -  -  12  Total derivative liabilities  1,707  -  1,695  12  Deferred compensation plan liabilities  92  92  -  -  Total liabilities at fair value  $  1,799  $  92  $  1,695  $  12  December 31, 2021  Deferred compensation plan assets  $  113  $  113  $  -  $  -  Equity securities  62  62  -  -  Investment securities available-for-sale:  U.S. Treasury securities  2,993  2,993  -  -  Residential mortgage-backed securities (a)  13,288  -  13,288  -  Commercial mortgage-backed securities (a)  705  -  705  -  Total investment securities available-for-sale  16,986  2,993  13,993  -  Derivative assets:  Interest rate contracts  239  -  213  26  Energy contracts  670  -  670  -  Foreign exchange contracts  19  -  19  -  Total derivative assets  928  -  902  26  Total assets at fair value  $  18,089  $  3,168  $  14,895  $  26  Derivative liabilities:  Interest rate contracts  $  69  $  -  $  69  $  -  Energy contracts  662  -  662  -  Foreign exchange contracts  16  -  16  -  Other financial derivative  13  -  -  13  Total derivative liabilities  760  -  747  13  Deferred compensation plan liabilities  113  113  -  -  Total liabilities at fair value  $  873  $  113  $  747  $  13   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Issued and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises.

There were no transfers of assets or liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis into or out of Level 3 fair value measurements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

The following table summarizes the changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| Net Realized/Unrealized Gains  (Losses) (Pretax) Recorded in  Earnings (a)  Balance at  Beginning  of Period  Settlements  Balance at  End of  Period  (in millions)  Realized  Unrealized  Year Ended December 31, 2022  Derivative assets:  Interest rate contracts  $  26  $  -  $  -  $  (26)  $  -  Derivative liabilities:  Other financial derivative  (13)  -  1  -  (12)  Year Ended December 31, 2021  Derivative assets:  Interest rate contracts  $  39  -  $  (13)  -  $  26  Derivative liabilities:  Other financial derivative  (11)  -  (2)  -  (13)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Realized  and  unrealized  gains  and  losses  due  to  changes  in  fair  value  recorded  in  other  noninterest  income  on  the  Consolidated Statements of Income.

## Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis

The Corporation may be required to record certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These include assets that are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value, and were recognized at fair value since it was less than cost at the end of the period.

The following table presents assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021. No liabilities were recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| (in millions)  Level 3  December 31, 2022  Loans:  Commercial  $  53  Real estate construction  2  Commercial mortgage  11  Total loans  $  66  Other real estate  9  Total assets at fair value  $  75  December 31, 2021  Loans:  Commercial  $  125  Real estate construction  4  Commercial mortgage  17  International  4  Total assets at fair value  $  150   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Level 3 assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021 included both nonaccrual loans and TDRs for which a specific allowance was established based on the fair value of collateral as well as bank property held for sale. The unobservable inputs were the additional adjustments applied by management to the appraised values to reflect such  factors  as  non-current  appraisals  and  revisions  to  estimated  time  to  sell.  These  adjustments  are  determined  based  on qualitative judgments made by management on a case-by-case basis and are not observable inputs, although they are used in the determination of fair value.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Estimated Fair Values of Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

The Corporation typically holds the majority of its financial instruments until maturity and thus does not expect to realize many of the estimated fair value amounts disclosed. The disclosures also do not include estimated fair value amounts for items that are not defined as financial instruments, but which have significant value. These include such items as the future earnings potential of significant customer relationships and the value of trust operations and other fee generating businesses. The Corporation believes the imprecision of an estimate could be significant.

The carrying amount and estimated fair value of financial instruments not recorded at fair value in their entirety on a recurring basis on the Corporation's Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows:

| Carrying  Amount  Estimated Fair Value  (in millions)  Total  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  December 31, 2022  Assets  Cash and due from banks  $  1,758  $  1,758  $  1,758  $  -  $  -  Interest-bearing deposits with banks  4,524  4,524  4,524  -  -  Other short-term investments  19  19  19  -  -  Loans held-for-sale  2  2  -  2  -  Total loans, net of allowance for loan losses (a)  52,792  50,964  -  -  50,964  Customers' liability on acceptances outstanding  3  3  3  -  -  Restricted equity investments  223  223  223  -  -  Nonmarketable equity securities (b)  5  12  Liabilities  Demand deposits (noninterest-bearing)  39,945  39,945  -  39,945  -  Interest-bearing deposits  29,566  29,566  -  29,566  -  Customer certificates of deposit  1,762  1,719  -  1,719  -  Other time deposits  124  124  -  124  -  Total deposits  71,397  71,354  -  71,354  -  Short-term borrowings  3,211  3,211  3,211  -  -  Acceptances outstanding  3  3  3  -  -  Medium- and long-term debt  3,024  3,071  -  3,071  -  Credit-related financial instruments  (79)  (79)  -  -  (79)  December 31, 2021  Assets  Cash and due from banks  $  1,236  $  1,236  $  1,236  $  -  $  -  Interest-bearing deposits with banks  21,443  21,443  21,443  -  -  Other short-term investments  16  16  16  -  -  Loans held-for-sale  6  6  -  6  -  Total loans, net of allowance for loan losses (a)  48,697  49,127  -  -  49,127  Customers' liability on acceptances outstanding  5  5  5  -  -  Restricted equity investments  92  92  92  -  -  Nonmarketable equity securities (b)  5  10  Liabilities  Demand deposits (noninterest-bearing)  45,800  45,800  -  45,800  -  Interest-bearing deposits  34,566  34,566  -  34,566  -  Customer certificates of deposit  1,973  1,968  -  1,968  -  Total deposits  82,339  82,334  -  82,334  -  Acceptances outstanding  5  5  5  -  -  Medium- and long-term debt  2,796  2,854  -  2,854  -  Credit-related financial instruments  (59)  (59)  -  -  (59)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Included  $66  million  and  $150  million  of  loans  recorded  at  fair  value  on  a  nonrecurring  basis  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021, respectively.

(b) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 3 - INVESTMENT SECURITIES

A summary of the Corporation's investment securities follows:

| (in millions)  Amortized  Cost  Gross  Unrealized  Gains  Gross  Unrealized  Losses  Fair Value  December 31, 2022  Investment securities available-for-sale:  U.S. Treasury securities  $  2,810  $  -  $  146  $  2,664  Residential mortgage-backed securities (a)  13,983  -  2,328  11,655  Commercial mortgage-backed securities (a)  5,252  -  559  4,693  Total investment securities available-for-sale  $  22,045  $  -  $  3,033  $  19,012  December 31, 2021  Investment securities available-for-sale:  U.S. Treasury securities  $  3,010  $  22  $  39  $  2,993  Residential mortgage-backed securities (a)  13,397  67  176  13,288  Commercial mortgage-backed securities (a)  709  2  6  705  Total investment securities available-for-sale  $  17,116  $  91  $  221  $  16,986   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Issued and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises.

A summary of the Corporation's investment securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows:

| Less than 12 Months  12 Months or more  Total  (in millions)  Fair  Value  Unrealized  Losses  Fair  Value  Unrealized  Losses  Fair  Value  Unrealized  Losses  December 31, 2022  U.S. Treasury securities  $  996  $  5  $ 1,668  $  141  $  2,664  $  146  Residential mortgage-backed securities (a)  3,500  361  8,153  1,967  11,653  2,328  Commercial mortgage-backed securities (a)  4,008  405  685  154  4,693  559  Total temporarily impaired securities  $  8,504  $  771  $  10,506  $  2,262  $  19,010  $  3,033  December 31, 2021  U.S. Treasury securities  $  465  $  6  $ 1,334  $  33  $  1,799  $  39  Residential mortgage-backed securities (a)  7,197  128  1,128  48  8,325  176  Commercial mortgage-backed securities (a)  346  6  -  -  346  6  Total temporarily impaired securities  $  8,008  $  140  $ 2,462  $  81  $  10,470  $  221   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Issued and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises.

Unrealized losses on investment securities resulted from changes in market interest rates. The Corporation's portfolio is  comprised of securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or government-sponsored enterprises. As such, it is expected  that  the  securities  would  not  be  settled  at  a  price  less  than  the  amortized  cost  of  the  investments.  Further,  the Corporation does not intend to sell the investments, and it is not more-likely-than-not that it will be required to sell the the investments before recovery of amortized costs. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had 1,289 securities in an unrealized loss position with no allowance for credit losses, comprised of 27 U.S. Treasury securities, 1,008 residential mortgage-backed securities and 254 commercial mortgage-backed securities.

Interest receivable on investment securities totaled $49 million and $36 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and was included in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Sales, calls and write-downs of investment securities available-for-sale, computed based on the adjusted cost of the specific security, resulted in no gains or losses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020,  a $1 million gain was offset by a $1 million loss, recorded in noninterest income.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair values of investment securities by contractual maturity. Securities with multiple maturity dates are classified in the period of final maturity. The actual cash flows of mortgage-backed securities may differ as borrowers of the underlying loans may exercise prepayment options. Expected maturities will differ from  contractual  maturities  because  borrowers  may  have  the  right  to  call  or  prepay  obligations  with  or  without  call  or prepayment penalties.

| (in millions)  December 31, 2022  Amortized Cost  Fair Value  Contractual maturity  Within one year  $  1,103  $  1,093  After one year through five years  1,943  1,797  After five years through ten years  5,518  4,946  After ten years  13,481  11,176  Total investment securities  $  22,045  $  19,012   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At December 31, 2022, investment securities with a carrying value of $3.2 billion were pledged where permitted or required  by  law,  including  $1.0  billion  pledged  to  the  Federal  Home  Loan  Bank  (FHLB)  as  collateral  for  potential  future borrowings  and  $2.2  billion  to  secure  $1.0  billion  of  liabilities,  primarily  public  and  other  deposits  of  state  and  local government agencies as well as derivative instruments. For information on FHLB borrowings, refer to Note 12.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 4 - CREDIT QUALITY AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES

The following table presents an aging analysis of the amortized cost basis of loans.

| Loans Past Due and Still Accruing  (in millions)  30-59  Days  60-89  Days  90 Days  or More  Total  Nonaccrual  Loans  Current  Loans (a)  Total  Loans  December 31, 2022  Business loans:  Commercial  $  238  $  13  $  20  $  271  $  142  $  30,496  $  30,909  Real estate construction:  Commercial Real Estate business line (b)  -  -  -  -  -  2,505  2,505  Other business lines (c)  2  -  -  2  3  595  600  Total real estate construction  2  -  -  2  3  3,100  3,105  Commercial mortgage:  Commercial Real Estate business line (b)  -  6  -  6  1  4,674  4,681  Other business lines (c)  64  5  3  72  22  8,531  8,625  Total commercial mortgage  64  11  3  78  23  13,205  13,306  Lease financing  6  -  -  6  -  754  760  International  -  9  -  9  3  1,185  1,197  Total business loans  310  33  23  366  171  48,740  49,277  Retail loans:  Residential mortgage  22  -  -  22  53  1,739  1,814  Consumer:  Home equity  4  3  -  7  15  1,754  1,776  Other consumer  5  1  -  6  1  528  535  Total consumer  9  4  -  13  16  2,282  2,311  Total retail loans  31  4  -  35  69  4,021  4,125  Total loans  $  341  $  37  $  23  $  401  $  240  $  52,761  $  53,402  December 31, 2021  Business loans:  Commercial  $  35  $  18  $  6  $  59  $  173  $  29,134  $  29,366  Real estate construction:  Commercial Real Estate business line (b)  -  -  -  -  -  2,391  2,391  Other business lines (c)  15  1  -  16  6  535  557  Total real estate construction  15  1  -  16  6  2,926  2,948  Commercial mortgage:  Commercial Real Estate business line (b)  -  -  -  -  1  3,337  3,338  Other business lines (c)  18  4  16  38  31  7,848  7,917  Total commercial mortgage  18  4  16  38  32  11,185  11,255  Lease financing  5  -  -  5  -  635  640  International  5  8  1  14  5  1,189  1,208  Total business loans  78  31  23  132  216  45,069  45,417  Retail loans:  Residential mortgage  4  -  -  4  36  1,731  1,771  Consumer:  Home equity  4  3  -  7  12  1,514  1,533  Other consumer  32  1  4  37  -  527  564  Total consumer  36  4  4  44  12  2,041  2,097  Total retail loans  40  4  4  48  48  3,772  3,868  Total loans  $  118  $  35  $  27  $  180  $  264  $  48,841  $  49,285   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes  $22  million  of  loans  with  deferred  payments  not  considered  past  due  in  accordance  with  the  Coronavirus  Aid,  Relief,  and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) at December 31, 2021.

(b) Primarily loans to real estate developers.

(c) Primarily loans secured by owner-occupied real estate.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

The following table presents loans by credit quality indicator (CQI) and vintage year. CQI is based on internal risk ratings assigned to each business loan at the time of approval and subjected to subsequent reviews, generally at least annually, and to pools of retail loans with similar risk characteristics. Vintage year is the year of origination or major modification.

| December 31, 2022  Vintage Year  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Prior  Revolvers  Revolvers  Converted  to Term  Total  Business loans:  Commercial:  Pass (a)  $  3,946  (b)  $  3,509  (b)  $  917  (b)  $ 1,041  $  598  $ 1,030  $  18,604  $  9  $  29,654  Criticized (c)  75  274  81  69  45  78  632  1  1,255  Total commercial  4,021  3,783  998  1,110  643  1,108  19,236  10  30,909  Real estate construction  Pass (a)  836  1,134  633  162  102  28  207  -  3,102  Criticized (c)  -  -  3  -  -  -  -  -  3  Total real estate construction  836  1,134  636  162  102  28  207  -  3,105  Commercial mortgage  Pass (a)  3,349  2,501  1,825  1,394  1,050  2,182  838  -  13,139  Criticized (c)  7  5  7  32  31  75  10  -  167  Total commercial mortgage  3,356  2,506  1,832  1,426  1,081  2,257  848  -  13,306  Lease financing  Pass (a)  316  140  64  47  37  130  -  -  734  Criticized (c)  10  -  2  8  5  1  -  -  26  Total lease financing  326  140  66  55  42  131  -  -  760  International  Pass (a)  317  161  55  88  19  14  498  -  1,152  Criticized (c)  12  -  3  -  3  10  17  -  45  Total international  329  161  58  88  22  24  515  -  1,197  Total business loans  8,868  7,724  3,590  2,841  1,890  3,548  20,806  10  49,277  Retail loans:  Residential mortgage  Pass (a)  327  398  480  133  68  355  -  -  1,761  Criticized (c)  4  -  -  9  1  39  -  -  53  Total residential mortgage  331  398  480  142  69  394  -  -  1,814  Consumer:  Home equity  Pass (a)  -  -  -  -  -  9  1,708  40  1,757  Criticized (c)  -  -  -  -  -  -  17  2  19  Total home equity  -  -  -  -  -  9  1,725  42  1,776  Other consumer  Pass (a)  69  38  50  8  1  10  355  -  531  Criticized (c)  -  -  -  1  -  -  3  -  4  Total other consumer  69  38  50  9  1  10  358  -  535  Total consumer  69  38  50  9  1  19  2,083  42  2,311  Total retail loans  400  436  530  151  70  413  2,083  42  4,125  Total loans  $  9,268  $  8,160  $  4,120  $ 2,992  $ 1,960  $ 3,961  $  22,889  $  52  $  53,402   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Table continues on the following page.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

December 31, 2021

| Vintage Year  2021  2020  2019  2018  2017  Prior  Revolvers  Revolvers  Converted  to Term  Total  Business loans:  Commercial:  Pass (a)  $  5,270  (b)  $  1,740  (b)  $  1,528  $  947  $  713  $  763  $  17,241  $  10  $  28,212  Criticized (c)  101  120  105  86  26  94  620  2  1,154  Total commercial  5,371  1,860  1,633  1,033  739  857  17,861  12  29,366  Real estate construction:  Pass (a)  458  858  849  424  158  34  132  -  2,913  Criticized (c)  -  3  -  13  8  8  3  -  35  Total real estate construction  458  861  849  437  166  42  135  -  2,948  Commercial mortgage:  Pass (a)  2,491  1,932  1,444  1,343  1,018  2,298  481  -  11,007  Criticized (c)  17  44  50  22  23  87  5  -  248  Total commercial mortgage  2,508  1,976  1,494  1,365  1,041  2,385  486  -  11,255  Lease financing  Pass (a)  166  88  97  50  38  179  -  -  618  Criticized (c)  -  2  10  8  1  1  -  -  22  Total lease financing  166  90  107  58  39  180  -  -  640  International  Pass (a)  381  141  103  29  1  16  480  -  1,151  Criticized (c)  20  10  3  5  4  8  7  -  57  Total international  401  151  106  34  5  24  487  -  1,208  Total business loans  8,904  4,938  4,189  2,927  1,990  3,488  18,969  12  45,417  Retail loans:  Residential mortgage  Pass (a)  443  527  164  83  111  407  -  -  1,735  Criticized (c)  5  -  1  2  7  21  -  -  36  Total residential mortgage  448  527  165  85  118  428  -  -  1,771  Consumer:  Home equity  Pass (a)  -  -  -  -  -  11  1,460  45  1,516  Criticized (c)  -  -  -  -  -  1  12  4  17  Total home equity  -  -  -  -  -  12  1,472  49  1,533  Other consumer  Pass (a)  101  68  13  9  1  31  337  -  560  Criticized (c)  -  -  -  -  -  -  4  -  4  Total other consumer  101  68  13  9  1  31  341  -  564  Total consumer  101  68  13  9  1  43  1,813  49  2,097  Total retail loans  549  595  178  94  119  471  1,813  49  3,868  Total loans  $  9,453  $  5,533  $  4,367  $ 3,021  $ 2,109  $ 3,959  $  20,782  $  61  $  49,285   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes all loans not included in the categories of special mention, substandard or nonaccrual.

(b) Includes Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loans of $35 million and $459 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

(c) Includes loans with an internal rating of special mention, substandard loans for which the accrual of interest has not been discontinued and nonaccrual loans. Special mention loans have potential credit weaknesses that deserve management's close attention, such as loans to borrowers who may be experiencing financial difficulties that may result in deterioration of repayment prospects from the borrower at some future date. Accruing substandard loans have a well-defined weakness, or weaknesses, such as loans to borrowers who may be experiencing losses from operations or inadequate liquidity of a degree and duration that jeopardizes the orderly repayment of the loan. Substandard  loans  are  also  distinguished  by  the  distinct  possibility  of  loss  in  the  future  if  these  weaknesses  are  not  corrected. Nonaccrual  loans  are  loans  for  which  the  accrual  of  interest  has  been  discontinued.  For  further  information  regarding  nonaccrual loans, refer to the Nonperforming Assets subheading in Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Accounting Policies. These categories are generally  consistent  with  the  "special  mention"  and  "substandard"  categories  as  defined  by  regulatory  authorities.  A  minority  of nonaccrual loans are consistent with the "doubtful" category.

Loan interest receivable totaled $261 million and $120 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Allowance for Credit Losses

The following table details the changes in the allowance for credit losses.

| 2022  2021  2020  (in millions)  Business  Loans  Retail  Loans  Total  Business  Loans  Retail  Loans  Total  Business  Loans  Retail  Loans  Total  Years Ended December 31,  Balance at beginning of period:  Allowance for loan losses  $  531  $  57  $  588  $  895  $  53  $  948  $  601  $  36  $  637  Allowance for credit losses on  lending-related commitments  24  6  30  35  9  44  28  3  31  Allowance for credit losses  555  63  618  930  62  992  629  39  668  Cumulative effect of change in  accounting principle  -  -  -  -  -  -  (42)  25  (17)  Loan charge-offs  (65)  (3)  (68)  (67)  (3)  (70)  (233)  (5)  (238)  Recoveries on loans previously  charged-off  47  4  51  76  4  80  38  4  42  Net loan (charge-offs) recoveries  (18)  1  (17)  9  1  10  (195)  (1)  (196)  Provision for credit losses:  Provision for loan losses  28  11  39  (373)  3  (370)  531  (7)  524  Provision for credit losses on  lending-related commitments  16  5  21  (11)  (3)  (14)  7  6  13  Provision for credit losses  44  16  60  (384)  -  (384)  538  (1)  537  Balance at end of period:  Allowance for loan losses  541  69  610  531  57  588  895  53  948  Allowance for credit losses on  lending-related commitments  40  11  51  24  6  30  35  9  44  Allowance for credit losses  $  581  $  80  $  661  $  555  $  63  $  618  $  930  $  62  $  992  Allowance for loan losses as a  percentage of total loans  1.10%  1.67%  1.14%  1.17%  1.47%  1.19%  1.85%  1.32%  1.81%  Allowance for credit losses as a  percentage of total loans  1.18  1.96  1.24  1.22  1.63  1.26  1.93  1.55  1.90   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nonaccrual Loans

The  following  table  presents  additional  information  regarding  nonaccrual  loans.  Interest  income  of  $12  million, $11  million  and  $7  million  was  recognized  on  nonaccrual  loans  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020, respectively.

| (in millions)  Nonaccrual  Loans with  No Related  Allowance  Nonaccrual  Loans with  Related  Allowance  Total  Nonaccrual  Loans  December 31, 2022  Business loans:  Commercial  $  64  $  78  $  142  Real estate construction:  Other business lines (a)  -  3  3  Commercial mortgage:  Commercial Real Estate business line (b)  -  1  1  Other business lines (a)  4  18  22  Total commercial mortgage  4  19  23  International  3  -  3  Total business loans  71  100  171  Retail loans:  Residential mortgage  53  -  53  Consumer:  Home equity  15  -  15  Other consumer  1  -  1  Total consumer  16  -  16  Total retail loans  69  -  69  Total nonaccrual loans  $  140  $  100  $  240  December 31, 2021  Business loans:  Commercial  $  8  $  165  $  173  Real estate construction:  Other business lines (a)  -  6  6  Commercial mortgage:  Commercial Real Estate business line (b)  -  1  1  Other business lines (a)  4  27  31  Total commercial mortgage  4  28  32  International  -  5  5  Total business loans  12  204  216  Retail loans:  Residential mortgage  36  -  36  Consumer:  Home equity  12  -  12  Total retail loans  48  -  48  Total nonaccrual loans  $  60  $  204  $  264   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Primarily loans secured by owner-occupied real estate.

(b) Primarily loans to real estate developers.

## Foreclosed Properties

Foreclosed properties were insignificant at December 31, 2022, compared to $1 million at December 31, 2021. Retail loans secured by residential real estate properties in process of foreclosure included in nonaccrual loans were insignificant at December 31, 2022 compared to none at  December 31, 2021.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Troubled Debt Restructurings

The following table details the amortized cost basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021 of loans considered to be TDRs that were restructured during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, by type of modification. In cases of loans with more than one type of modification, the loans were categorized based on the most significant modification.

| 2022  2021 (a)  Type of Modification  Type of Modification  (in millions)  Principal  Deferrals (b)  Interest Rate  Reductions  Total  Modifications  Principal  Deferrals (b)  Interest Rate  Reductions  Total  Modifications  Years Ended December 31,  Business loans:  Commercial  $  26  $  -  $  26  $  8  $  -  $  8  Real estate construction:  Other business lines (c)  3  -  3  -  -  -  Commercial mortgage:  Other business lines (c)  14  -  14  -  -  -  Total business loans  43  -  43  8  -  8  Retail loans:  Residential mortgage  -  27  27  -  -  -  Consumer:  Home equity (d)  1  1  2  -  2  2  Other consumer  -  1  1  -  -  -  Total consumer  1  2  3  -  2  2  Total retail loans  1  29  30  -  2  2  Total loans  $  44  $  29  $  73  $  8  $  2  $  10   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Under the provisions of the CARES Act, qualifying COVID-19-related modifications, primarily principal deferrals, were not considered TDRs during the year ended December 31, 2021.

(b) Primarily represents loan balances where terms were extended by more than an insignificant time period, typically more than 180 days, at or above contractual interest rates. Also includes commercial loans restructured in bankruptcy.

(c) Primarily loans secured by owner-occupied real estate.

(d) Includes bankruptcy loans for which the court has discharged the borrower's obligation and the borrower has not reaffirmed the debt.

The Corporation charges interest on principal balances outstanding during deferral periods. Additionally, none of the modifications involved forgiveness of principal. There were no significant commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose terms have been modified in TDRs at December 31, 2022 and 2021. On an ongoing basis, the Corporation monitors the performance of modified loans to their restructured terms. The allowance for loan losses continues to be reassessed on the basis of an individual evaluation of the loan.

For principal deferrals, incremental deterioration in the credit quality of the loan, represented by a downgrade in the risk  rating  of  the  loan,  for  example,  due  to  missed  interest  payments  or  a  reduction  of  collateral  value,  is  considered  a subsequent  default.  For  interest  rate  reductions,  a  subsequent  payment  default  is  defined  in  terms  of  delinquency,  when  a principal or interest payment is 90 days past due. Of the TDRs modified during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were $6 million of subsequent defaults of principal deferrals and no interest rate reductions for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to no principal deferrals or interest rate reductions for the comparable period in 2021.

## NOTE 5 - SIGNIFICANT GROUP CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK

Concentrations of credit risk may exist when a number of borrowers are engaged in similar activities, or activities in the  same  geographic  region,  and  have  similar  economic  characteristics  that  would  cause  them  to  be  similarly  impacted  by changes  in  economic  or  other  conditions.  Concentrations  of  both  on-balance  sheet  and  off-balance  sheet  credit  risk  are controlled and monitored as part of credit policies. The Corporation is a regional financial services holding company with a geographic concentration of its on-balance-sheet and off-balance-sheet activities in Michigan, California and Texas.

At December 31, 2022, the Corporation's concentration of credit risk with the commercial real estate industry, which includes  a  portfolio  of  real  estate  construction  and  commercial  mortgage  loans,  represented  31  percent  of  total  loans.  The following table summarizes the Corporation's commercial real estate loan portfolio by loan category.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

| (in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  Real estate construction loans:  Commercial Real Estate business line (a)  $  2,505  $  2,391  Other business lines (b)  600  557  Total real estate construction loans  3,105  2,948  Commercial mortgage loans:  Commercial Real Estate business line (a)  4,681  3,338  Other business lines (b)  8,625  7,917  Total commercial mortgage loans  13,306  11,255  Total commercial real estate loans  $  16,411  $  14,203  Total unused commitments on commercial real estate loans  $  6,602  $  4,030   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Primarily loans to real estate developers.

(b) Primarily loans secured by owner-occupied real estate.

The Corporation also has a concentration of credit risk with the automotive industry, which represented 12 percent of total loans at December 31, 2022. Outstanding loans, included in commercial loans on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and total exposure (outstanding loans, unused commitments and standby letters of credit) to companies related to the automotive industry were as follows:

| (in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  Automotive loans:  Production  $  1,068  $  1,112  (a)  Dealer  5,367  4,162  Total automotive loans  $  6,435  $  5,274  Total automotive exposure:  Production  $  2,028  $  2,041  (a)  Dealer  10,910  10,665  Total automotive exposure  $  12,938  $  12,706   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Excludes PPP loans.

## NOTE 6 - PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

A summary of premises and equipment by major category follows:

| (in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  Land  $  81  $  85  Buildings and improvements  737  852  Furniture and equipment  518  516  Total cost  1,336  1,453  Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (936)  (999)  Net book value  $  400  $  454   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Corporation conducts a portion of its business from leased facilities and leases certain equipment. Refer to Note 25 for more information on leased facilities and equipment.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 7 - GOODWILL  AND CORE DEPOSIT INTANGIBLES

The following table summarizes the carrying value of goodwill by reporting unit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| (in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  Commercial Bank  $  473  $  473  Retail Bank  101  101  Wealth Management  61  61  Total  $  635  $  635   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Corporation performs its annual evaluation of goodwill impairment in the third quarter of each year and may elect to perform a quantitative impairment analysis or first conduct a qualitative analysis to determine if a quantitative analysis is necessary. In addition, the Corporation evaluates goodwill impairment on an interim basis if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests indicate additional testing may be warranted to determine if goodwill might be impaired.

In 2022 and 2021, the annual test of goodwill impairment was performed as of the beginning of the third quarter, and in both periods, a qualitative assessment resulted in the Corporation determining goodwill was not impaired, as it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.

The Corporation recorded amortization expense related to the core deposit intangible of $1 million for both the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The core deposit intangible was fully amortized at December 31, 2021.

## NOTE 8 - DERIVATIVE AND CREDIT-RELATED FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

In  the  normal  course  of  business,  the  Corporation  enters  into  various  transactions  involving  derivative  and  creditrelated financial instruments to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rate, foreign currency and other market risks and to meet the financing needs of customers (customer-initiated derivatives). These financial instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of market and credit risk. Market and credit risk are included in the determination of fair value.

Market risk is the potential loss that may result from movements in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates or energy commodity prices that cause an unfavorable change in the value of a financial instrument. The Corporation manages this risk by establishing monetary exposure limits and monitoring compliance with those limits. Market risk inherent in interest rate and  energy  contracts  entered  into  on  behalf  of  customers  is  mitigated  by  taking  offsetting  positions,  except  in  those circumstances  when  the  amount,  tenor  and/or  contract  rate  level  results  in  negligible  economic  risk,  whereby  the  cost  of purchasing an offsetting contract is not economically justifiable. The Corporation mitigates most of the inherent market risk in foreign  exchange  contracts  entered  into  on  behalf  of  customers  by  taking  offsetting  positions  and  manages  the  remainder through individual foreign currency position limits and aggregate value-at-risk limits. These limits are established annually and positions are monitored quarterly. Market risk inherent in derivative instruments held or issued for risk management purposes is typically offset by changes in the fair value of the assets or liabilities being hedged.

Credit  risk  is  the  possible  loss  that  may  occur  in  the  event  of  nonperformance  by  the  counterparty  to  a  financial instrument.  The  Corporation  attempts  to  minimize  credit  risk  arising  from  customer-initiated  derivatives  by  evaluating  the creditworthiness  of  each  customer,  adhering  to  the  same  credit  approval  process  used  for  traditional  lending  activities  and obtaining collateral as deemed necessary. Derivatives with dealer counterparties are either cleared through a clearinghouse or settled directly with a single counterparty. For derivatives settled directly with dealer counterparties, the Corporation utilizes counterparty risk limits and monitoring procedures as well as master netting arrangements and bilateral collateral agreements to facilitate the management of credit risk.

Included in the fair value of derivative instruments are credit valuation adjustments reflecting counterparty credit risk. These adjustments are determined by applying a credit spread for the counterparty or the Corporation, as appropriate, to the total  expected  exposure  of  the  derivative.  Master  netting  arrangements  effectively  reduce  credit  valuation  adjustments  by permitting  settlement  of  positive  and  negative  positions  and  offset  cash  collateral  held  with  the  same  counterparty  on  a  net basis. Bilateral collateral agreements require daily exchange of cash or highly rated securities issued by the U.S. Treasury or other U.S. government entities to collateralize amounts due to either party. At December 31, 2022, counterparties with bilateral collateral agreements deposited $185 million of cash with the Corporation to secure the fair value of contracts in an unrealized gain position, and the Corporation had pledged $202 million of marketable investment securities and posted $4 million of cash as  collateral  for  contracts  in  an  unrealized  loss  position.  For  those  counterparties  not  covered  under  bilateral  collateral agreements,  collateral  is  obtained,  if  deemed  necessary,  based  on  the  results  of  management's  credit  evaluation  of  the counterparty. Collateral varies, but may include cash, investment securities, accounts receivable, equipment or real estate.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Derivative Instruments

Derivative instruments utilized by the Corporation are negotiated over-the-counter and primarily include swaps, caps and  floors,  forward  contracts  and  options,  each  of  which  may  relate  to  interest  rates,  energy  commodity  prices  or  foreign currency exchange rates. Swaps are agreements in which two parties periodically exchange cash payments based on specified indices applied to a specified notional amount until a stated maturity. Caps and floors are agreements which entitle the buyer to receive cash payments based on the difference between a specified reference rate or price and an agreed strike rate or price, applied to a specified notional amount until a stated maturity. Forward contracts are over-the-counter agreements to buy or sell an asset at a specified future date and price. Options are similar to forward contracts except the purchaser has the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell the asset during a specified period or at a specified future date.

Over-the-counter  contracts  are  tailored  to  meet  the  needs  of  the  counterparties  involved  and,  therefore,  contain  a greater  degree  of  credit  risk  and  liquidity  risk  than  exchange-traded  contracts,  which  have  standardized  terms  and  readily available price information. The Corporation reduces exposure to market and liquidity risks from over-the-counter derivative instruments entered into for risk management purposes, and transactions entered into to mitigate the market risk associated with customer-initiated transactions, by taking offsetting positions with investment grade domestic and foreign financial institutions and subjecting counterparties to credit approvals, limits and collateral monitoring procedures similar to those used in making other extensions of credit. In addition, certain derivative contracts executed bilaterally with a dealer counterparty in the overthe-counter market are cleared through a clearinghouse, whereby the clearinghouse becomes the counterparty to the transaction.

The  following  table  presents  the  composition  of  the  Corporation's  derivative  instruments  held  or  issued  for  risk management purposes or in connection with customer-initiated and other activities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The table excludes a derivative related to the Corporation's 2008 sale of its remaining ownership of Visa shares and includes accrued interest receivable and payable.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Fair Value  Fair Value  (in millions)  Notional/  Contract  Amount (a)  Gross  Derivative  Assets  Gross  Derivative  Liabilities  Notional/  Contract  Amount (a)  Gross  Derivative  Assets  Gross  Derivative  Liabilities  Risk management purposes  Derivatives designated as hedging instruments  Interest rate contracts:  Fair value swaps - receive fixed/  pay floating  $  3,150  $  -  $  -  $  2,650  $  -  $  -  Cash flow swaps - receive fixed/  pay floating (b)  26,600  -  50  8,050  -  -  Derivatives used as economic hedges  Foreign exchange contracts:  Spot, forwards and swaps  392  1  3  452  -  2  Total risk management purposes  30,142  1  53  11,152  -  2  Customer-initiated and other activities  Interest rate contracts:  Caps and floors written  924  -  25  809  -  3  Caps and floors purchased  924  25  -  809  3  -  Swaps  18,450  181  569  19,382  236  66  Total interest rate contracts  20,298  206  594  21,000  239  69  Energy contracts:  Caps and floors written  4,051  -  430  1,779  -  203  Caps and floors purchased  4,051  431  -  1,779  204  -  Swaps  6,419  589  576  4,212  466  459  Total energy contracts  14,521  1,020  1,006  7,770  670  662  Foreign exchange contracts:  Spot, forwards, options and swaps  2,704  52  42  1,716  19  14  Total customer-initiated and other activities  37,523  1,278  1,642  30,486  928  745  Total gross derivatives  $  67,665  1,279  1,695  $  41,638  928  747  Amounts offset in the Consolidated Balance  Sheets:  Netting adjustment - Offsetting  derivative assets/liabilities  (644)  (644)  (187)  (187)  Netting adjustment - Cash collateral  received/posted  (180)  (4)  (15)  (452)  Net derivatives included in the Consolidated  Balance Sheets (c)  455  1,047  726  108  Amounts not offset in the Consolidated  Balance Sheets:  Marketable securities pledged under  bilateral collateral agreements  (70)  (202)  -  (52)  Net derivatives after deducting amounts not  offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets  $  385  $  845  $  726  $  56   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Notional  or  contractual  amounts,  which  represent  the  extent  of  involvement  in  the  derivatives  market,  are  used  to  determine  the contractual cash flows required in accordance with the terms of the agreement. These amounts are typically not exchanged, significantly exceed amounts subject to credit or market risk and are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

(b) December 31, 2022 included $4.6 billion of forward starting swaps that will become effective on their contractual start dates in 2023 and 2024.

(c)    Net derivative assets are included in accrued income and other assets and net derivative liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Included in the fair value of net derivative assets and net derivative liabilities are credit valuation adjustments reflecting counterparty credit risk and credit risk of the Corporation. The fair value of net derivative assets included  credit  valuation  adjustments  for  counterparty  credit  risk  of  $2  million  and  $9  million  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021, respectively.

## Risk Management

The Corporation's derivative instruments used for managing interest rate risk include cash flow hedging strategies that convert variable-rate loans to fixed rates and fair value hedging strategies that convert fixed-rate medium-and long-term debt to variable rates. Interest and fees on loans included $(25) million, $95 million and $70 million of cash flow hedge (loss) income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The following table details the effects of fair value hedging on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.

| (in millions)  Interest on Medium- and Long-Term Debt  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Total interest on medium-and long-term debt (a)  $  87  $  35  $  80  Fair value hedging relationships:  Interest rate contracts:  Hedged items  112  102  109  Derivatives designated as hedging instruments  (25)  (68)  (51)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes the effects of hedging.

Centrally-cleared  derivative  positions  are  settled  daily  based  on  derivative  fair  values  and  the  party  receiving  net settlement amounts pays price alignment, based on an earning rate, to the party making settlement payments. Accordingly, the Corporation may recognize risk management hedging income consisting of price alignment income or expense depending on the fair value of its positions. Price alignment income was reported in other noninterest income on the Consolidated Statements of  Income  and  totaled  $8  million  for  the  year  ending  December  31,  2022  and  was  insignificant  for  the  years  ending December 31, 2021 and 2020.

For information on accumulated net (losses) gains on cash flow hedges, refer to Note 14.

The following  tables  summarize  the  expected  weighted  average  remaining  maturity  of  the  notional  amount  of  risk management interest rate swaps, the weighted average interest rates associated with amounts expected to be received or paid on interest rate swap agreements, and for fair value swaps, the carrying amount of the related hedged items, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Cash flow swaps - receive fixed/pay floating rate on variable-rate loans

| (dollar amounts in millions)  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Weighted average:  Time to maturity (in years)  4.6  2.4  Receive rate (a)  2.35 %  1.84 %  Pay rate (a), (b)  4.07  0.10   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Excludes forward starting swaps not effective as of the period shown. December 31, 2022 excluded $4.6 billion of forward starting swaps. December 31, 2021 excluded $3.0 billion of forward starting swaps.

(b) Variable rates paid on receive fixed swaps designated as cash flow hedges are based on one-month LIBOR, BSBY or Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) rates in effect at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Derivative contracts with maturity dates beyond the LIBOR cessation date will fall back to the daily SOFR with a spread adjustment.

## Fair value swaps - receive fixed/pay floating rate on medium- and long-term debt

| (dollar amounts in millions)  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Carrying value of hedged items (a)  3,024  2,796  Weighted average:  Time to maturity (in years)  3.9  3.6  Receive rate  3.52 %  3.68 %  Pay rate (b)  4.90  1.08   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Included  $(124)  million  and  $145  million  of  cumulative  hedging  adjustments  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  respectively,  which included $4 million and $5 million, respectively, of hedging adjustment on a discontinued hedging relationship.

(b) Floating  rates  paid  on  receive  fixed  swaps  designated  as  fair  value  hedges  are  based  on  one-month  LIBOR  rates  in  effect  at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Derivative contracts with maturity dates beyond the LIBOR cessation date will fall back to the daily SOFR with a spread adjustment.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Customer-Initiated and Other

The Corporation enters into derivative transactions at the request of customers and generally takes offsetting positions with dealer counterparties to mitigate the inherent market risk. Income primarily results from the spread between the customer derivative and the offsetting dealer position.

For  customer-initiated  foreign  exchange  contracts  where  offsetting  positions  have  not  been  taken,  the  Corporation manages the  remaining  inherent  market  risk  through  individual  foreign  currency  position  limits  and  aggregate  value-at-risk limits.  These  limits  are  established  annually  and  reviewed  quarterly.  For  those  customer-initiated  derivative  contracts  which were not offset or where the Corporation holds a position within the limits described above, the Corporation recognized no net gains and losses in other noninterest income on the Consolidated Statements of  Income for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Fair values of customer-initiated and other derivative instruments represent the net unrealized gains or losses on such contracts  and  are  recorded  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets.  Changes  in  fair  value  are  recognized  on  the  Consolidated Statements of Income. The net gains recognized in income on customer-initiated derivative instruments, net of the impact of offsetting positions included in derivative income, were as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Interest rate contracts  $  34  $  36  $  26  Energy contracts  28  18  1  Foreign exchange contracts  47  45  40  Total  $  109  $  99  $  67   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Credit-Related Financial Instruments

The Corporation issues off-balance sheet financial instruments in connection with commercial and consumer lending activities. The Corporation's credit risk associated with these instruments is represented by the contractual amounts indicated in the following table.

| (in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  Unused commitments to extend credit:  Commercial and other  $  30,800  $  25,910  Bankcard, revolving credit and home equity loan commitments  4,017  3,554  Total unused commitments to extend credit  $  34,817  $  29,464  Standby letters of credit  $  3,712  $  3,378  Commercial letters of credit  39  44   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Corporation  maintains  an  allowance  to  cover  current  expected  credit  losses  inherent  in  lending-related commitments, including unused commitments to extend credit, letters of credit and financial  guarantees.  The  allowance  for credit losses on lending-related commitments, included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was $51 million and $30 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Unused Commitments to Extend Credit

Commitments to extend credit are legally binding agreements to lend to a customer, provided there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. These commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many commitments expire without being drawn upon, the total contractual amount of commitments  does  not  necessarily  represent  future  cash  requirements  of  the  Corporation.  Commercial  and  other  unused commitments  are  primarily  variable  rate  commitments.  The  allowance  for  credit  losses  on  lending-related  commitments included $44 million and $27 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for expected credit losses inherent in the Corporation's unused commitments to extend credit.

## Standby and Commercial Letters of Credit

Standby letters of credit represent conditional obligations of the Corporation which guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Standby letters of credit are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing and similar transactions. Commercial letters of credit are issued to finance foreign or domestic trade transactions. These contracts expire in decreasing amounts through the year 2029. The Corporation may enter

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

into participation arrangements with third parties that effectively reduce the maximum amount of future payments which may be required under standby and commercial letters of credit. These risk participations covered $107 million and $98 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of the $3.8 billion and $3.4 billion of standby and commercial letters of credit outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The carrying value of the Corporation's standby and commercial letters of credit, included in accrued expenses and other  liabilities  on  the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets,  totaled  $35  million  at  December  31,  2022,  including  $28  million  in deferred fees and $7 million in the allowance for credit losses on lending-related commitments. At December 31, 2021, the comparable amounts were $32 million, $29 million and $3 million, respectively.

The following table presents a summary of criticized standby and commercial letters of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Corporation's criticized list is consistent with the Special Mention, Substandard and Doubtful categories defined by regulatory authorities. The Corporation manages credit risk through underwriting, periodically reviewing and approving its credit exposures using Board committee approved credit policies and guidelines.

| (dollar amounts in millions)  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Total criticized standby and commercial letters of credit  $  37  $  37  As a percentage of total outstanding standby and commercial letters of credit  1.0 %  1.1 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Credit-Related Financial Instruments

The Corporation enters into credit risk participation agreements, under which the Corporation assumes credit exposure associated with a borrower's performance related to certain interest rate derivative contracts. The Corporation is not a party to the interest rate derivative contracts and only enters into these credit risk participation agreements in instances in which the Corporation is also a party to the related loan participation agreement for such borrowers. The Corporation manages its credit risk  on  the  credit  risk  participation  agreements  by  monitoring  the  creditworthiness  of  the  borrowers,  which  is  based  on  the normal credit review process as if the Corporation had entered into the derivative instruments directly with the borrower. The notional amount of such credit risk participation agreements reflects the pro-rata share of the derivative instrument, consistent with  its  share  of  the  related  participated  loan.  The  total  notional  amount  of  the  credit  risk  participation  agreements  was approximately $951 million and $1.1 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the fair value was insignificant at  December  31,  2022  and  $1  million  at  December  31,  2021.  The  maximum  estimated  exposure  to  these  agreements,  as measured  by  projecting  a  maximum  value  of  the  guaranteed  derivative  instruments,  assuming  100  percent  default  by  all obligors on the maximum values, was insignificant at December 31, 2022 and $30 million at December 31, 2021. In the event of default, the lead bank has the ability to liquidate the assets of the borrower, in which case the lead bank would be required to return a percentage of the recouped assets to the participating banks. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining maturity of outstanding credit risk participation agreements was 3.8 years.

In 2008, the Corporation sold its remaining ownership of Visa Class B shares and entered into a derivative contract. Under the terms of the derivative contract, the Corporation will compensate the counterparty primarily for dilutive adjustments made to the conversion factor of the Visa Class B shares to Class A shares based on the ultimate outcome of litigation involving Visa. Conversely, the Corporation will be compensated by the counterparty for any increase in the conversion factor from antidilutive  adjustments. The notional amount of the derivative contract was equivalent to approximately 780,000 Visa Class B Shares. The fair value of the derivative liability, included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was $12 million and $13 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

## NOTE 9 - VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (VIEs)

The Corporation evaluates its interest in certain entities to determine if these entities meet the definition of a VIE and whether the Corporation is the primary beneficiary and should consolidate the entity based on the variable interests it held both at inception and when there is a change in circumstances that requires a reconsideration.

The Corporation holds ownership interests in funds in the form of limited partnerships or limited liability companies (LLCs) investing in affordable housing projects that qualify for the low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC). The Corporation also directly invests in limited partnerships and LLCs which invest in community development projects, which generate similar tax credits to investors (other tax credit entities). As an investor, the Corporation obtains income tax credits and deductions from  the  operating  losses  of  these  tax  credit  entities.  These  tax  credit  entities  meet  the  definition  of  a  VIE;  however,  the Corporation is not the primary beneficiary of the entities, as the general partner or the managing member has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the entities and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could be significant to the entities.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

The Corporation accounts for its interests in LIHTC entities using the proportional amortization method. Ownership interests in other tax credit entities are accounted for under either the cost or equity method. Exposure to loss as a result of the Corporation's involvement in LIHTC entities and other tax credit entities at December 31, 2022 was limited to $475 million and $31 million, respectively.

Investment balances, including all legally binding commitments to fund future investments, are included in accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. A liability is recognized in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all legally binding unfunded commitments to fund tax credit entities ($208 million at December 31, 2022). Amortization and other write-downs of LIHTC investments are presented on a net basis as a component of the provision for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Income, while amortization and write-downs of other tax credit investments are recorded in other noninterest income. The income tax credits and deductions are recorded as a reduction of income tax expense and a reduction of federal income taxes payable.

The Corporation provided no financial or other support that was not contractually required to any of the above VIEs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

The following table summarizes the impact of these tax credit entities on the Corporation's Consolidated Statements of Income.

| (in millions)  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Other noninterest income:  Amortization of other tax credit investments  $  -  $  1  $  1  Provision for income taxes:  Amortization of LIHTC Investments  72  $  71  67  Low income housing tax credits  (68)  (68)  (63)  Other tax benefits related to tax credit entities  (18)  (17)  (16)  Total provision for income taxes  $  (14)  $  (14)  $  (12)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For further information on the Corporation's consolidation policy, see Note 1.

## NOTE 10 - DEPOSITS

At December 31, 2022, the scheduled maturities of certificates of deposit and other deposits with a stated maturity were as follows:

(in millions)

| Years Ending December 31  2023  $  1,789  2024  88  2025  24  2026  18  2027  13  Thereafter  5  Total  $  1,937   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A maturity distribution of domestic certificates of deposit of $100,000 and over follows:

| (in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  Three months or less  $  220  $  436  Over three months to six months  136  314  Over six months to twelve months  590  319  Over twelve months  49  74  Total  $  995  $  1,143   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The aggregate amount of domestic certificates of deposit that meet or exceed the current FDIC insurance limit of $250,000 was $478 million and $627 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All foreign office time deposits were in denominations of $250,000 or more and totaled $51 million and $50 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 11 - SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase generally mature within one to four days from  the  transaction  date.  Other  short-term  borrowings,  which  may  consist  of  borrowed  securities  and  short-term  notes, generally  mature  within  one  to  120  days  from  the  transaction  date.  At  December  31,  2022,  other  short-term  borrowings consisted  of  advances  from  the  Federal  Home  Loan  Bank  (FHLB)  of  Dallas,  Texas,  which  provides  short-  and  long-term funding  to  its  members  through  advances  collateralized  by  real  estate-related  loans,  certain  government  agency-backed securities and other eligible assets. Actual borrowing capacity is contingent on the amount of collateral pledged to the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, $9.5 billion of real estate-related loans and $1.0 billion of investment securities were pledged to the FHLB as collateral for the short-term advances and provided an additional $7.2 billion for potential future borrowings.

At December 31, 2022, Comerica Bank (the Bank), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation, had pledged loans totaling $24.5 billion, which provided for up to $19.6 billion of available collateralized borrowing with the FRB.

The following table provides a summary of short-term borrowings.

| (dollar amounts in millions)  Federal Funds Purchased  and Securities Sold Under  Agreements to Repurchase  Other  Short-term  Borrowings  December 31, 2022  Amount outstanding at year-end  $  11  $  3,200  Weighted average interest rate at year-end  4.32 %  4.54 %  Maximum month-end balance during the year  $  1,106  $  3,200  Average balance outstanding during the year  82  354  Weighted average interest rate during the year  3.28 %  4.08 %  December 31, 2021  Amount outstanding at year-end  $  -  $  -  Weighted average interest rate at year-end  -  %  -  %  Maximum month-end balance during the year  $  2  $  -  Average balance outstanding during the year  2  -  Weighted average interest rate during the year  0.06  %  -  %  December 31, 2020  Amount outstanding at year-end  $  -  $  -  Weighted average interest rate at year-end  -  %  -  %  Maximum month-end balance during the year  $  1,513  $  1,250  Average balance outstanding during the year  30  284  Weighted average interest rate during the year  0.97  %  0.25  %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 12 - MEDIUM- AND LONG-TERM DEBT

Medium- and long-term debt is summarized as follows:

| (in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  Parent company  Subordinated notes:  3.80% subordinated notes due 2026 (a)  $  237  $  265  Medium- and long-term notes:  3.70% notes due 2023 (a)  841  877  4.00% notes due 2029 (a)  515  594  Total medium- and long-term notes  1,356  1,471  Total parent company  1,593  1,736  Subsidiaries  Subordinated notes:  4.00% subordinated notes due 2025 (a)  331  363  7.875% subordinated notes due 2026 (a)  165  190  5.332% subordinated notes due 2033 (a)  459  -  Total subordinated notes  955  553  Medium- and long-term notes:  2.50% notes due 2024 (a)  476  507  Total subsidiaries  1,431  1,060  Total medium- and long-term debt  $  3,024  $  2,796   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The fixed interest rates on these notes have been swapped to a variable rate and designated in a hedging relationship. Accordingly, carrying value has been adjusted to reflect the change in the fair value of the debt as a result of changes in the benchmark rate.

Subordinated notes with remaining maturities greater than one year qualify as Tier 2 capital.

Comerica Bank (the Bank), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation, is a member of the FHLB, which provides short- and long-term funding to its members through advances collateralized by real estate-related assets. The Bank held no outstanding long-term advances at both December 31, 2022 and 2021.

In third quarter 2022, the Bank issued $500 million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due in 2033, with a rate of  5.332%  for  the  first  ten  years.  The  rate  on  the  subordinated  notes  will  reset  on  August  25,  2032  to  Secured  Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus 261 basis points until called or matured. Additionally, the Bank entered into a fair value fixed-tofloating rate swap in which the Bank received a fixed rate of 2.67% and will pay a floating rate based on the SOFR for the first 10 years.

Unamortized debt issuance costs deducted from the carrying amount of medium- and long-term debt totaled $9 million and $7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

At December 31, 2022, the principal maturities of medium- and long-term debt were as follows:

(in millions)

| Years Ending December 31  2023  $  850  2024  500  2025  350  2026  400  2027  -  Thereafter  1,050  Total  $  3,150   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 13 - SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

In March 2020, as the economic climate grew increasingly uncertain, the Corporation temporarily suspended its share repurchase program, initially authorized in 2010 by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, with a focus on deploying capital to meet customers' growing financial requirements. In the second quarter 2021, share repurchases were resumed under the share repurchase program, including an Accelerated Share Repurchase transaction (ASR). On April 27, 2021, the Corporation's Board of Directors approved the authorization to repurchase up to an additional 10 million shares of its outstanding common stock, including the ASR.

Repurchases of common stock under the share repurchase program totaled 377 thousand shares at an average price paid of $92.61 in 2022, 9.5 million shares at an average price paid of $75.82 per share in 2021 and 3.2 million shares at an average price paid of $58.55 per share in 2020. There is no expiration date for the share repurchase program. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation repurchased $35 million under the share repurchase program.

At December 31, 2022, the Corporation had 4.2 million shares of common stock reserved for stock option exercises and restricted stock unit vesting.

In  May  2020,  the  Corporation  issued  and  sold  400,000  depositary  shares,  each  representing  a  1/100th  ownership interest in a share of 5.625% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, without par value, with a liquidation preference of $100,000 per share (equivalent of 1,000 per depositary share). Holders of the depositary shares will be entitled to all proportional rights and preferences of the Series A preferred stock (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation  rights).  The  $400  million  issuance  yielded  $394  million  in  proceeds  net  of  underwriting  discounts  and  offering expenses. Dividends on the Series A preferred stock accrue on a non-cumulative basis and are payable in arrears when, as and if authorized  by  the  Corporation's  Board  of  Directors  or  a  duly  authorized  committee  of  the  Board  and  declared  by  the Corporation, on the first day of January, April, July and October of each year, and commenced on October 1, 2020. Under the terms of the Series A preferred stock, the ability of the Corporation to pay dividends on, make distributions with respect to, or to repurchase, redeem or acquire its common stock or any other stock ranking on parity with or junior to the Series A preferred stock, is subject to restrictions in the event that the Corporation does not declare and either pay or set aside a sum sufficient for payment of dividends on the Series A preferred stock for the immediately preceding dividend period. The Series A preferred stock  is  perpetual  and  has  no  maturity  date,  but  is  redeemable  by  the  Corporation  at  specified  times  subject  to  regulatory considerations.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 14 - ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME

The following table presents a reconciliation of the changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income and details the components of other comprehensive (loss) income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, including the amount of income tax (benefit) expense allocated to each component of other comprehensive (loss) income.

| (in millions)  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Accumulated net unrealized losses on investment securities:  Balance at beginning of period, net of tax  $  (99)  $  211  $  65  Net unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period  (2,903)  (406)  191  Less: (Benefit) provision for income taxes  (683)  (96)  45  Change in net unrealized (losses) gains on investment securities, net of tax  (2,220)  (310)  146  Balance at end of period, net of tax  $  (2,319)  $  (99)  $  211  Accumulated net (losses) gains on cash flow hedges:  Balance at beginning of period, net of tax  $  55  $  155  $  34  Net cash flow hedge (losses) gains arising during the period  (1,329)  (35)  229  Less: (Benefit) provision for income taxes  (313)  (8)  56  Change in net cash flow hedge (losses) gains arising during the period, net of  tax  (1,016)  (27)  173  Less:  Net cash flow (losses) gains included in interest and fees on loans  (25)  95  70  Less: (Benefit) provision for income taxes  (6)  22  18  Reclassification adjustment for net cash flow hedge (losses) gains included in  net income, net of tax  (19)  73  52  Change in net cash flow hedge (losses) gains, net of tax  (997)  (100)  121  Balance at end of period, net of tax (a)  $  (942)  $  55  $  155  Accumulated defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans  adjustment:  Balance at beginning of period, net of tax  $  (168)  $  (302)  $  (415)  Actuarial (loss) gain arising during the period  (415)  159  128  Prior service credit arising during the period  -  1  -  Net defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans adjustment arising  during the period  (415)  160  128  Less: (Benefit) provision for income taxes  (98)  38  31  Net defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans adjustment arising  during the period, net of tax  (317)  122  97  Amounts recognized in other noninterest expenses:  Amortization of actuarial net loss  28  40  47  Amortization of prior service credit  (23)  (25)  (27)  Total amounts recognized in other noninterest expenses  5  15  20  Less: Provision for income taxes  1  3  4  Adjustment for amounts recognized as components of net periodic benefit  credit during the period, net of tax  4  12  16  Change in defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans adjustment, net  of tax  (313)  134  113  Balance at end of period, net of tax  $  (481)  $  (168)  $  (302)  Total accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income at end of period, net of tax  $  (3,742)  $  (212)  $  64   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The Corporation expects to reclassify $428 million of losses, net of tax, from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings over the next twelve months if interest yield curves and notional amounts remain at December 31, 2022 levels.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 15 - NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE

Basic and diluted net income per common share are presented in the following table.

(in millions, except per share data)

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Basic and diluted  Net income  $  1,151  $  1,168  $  497  Less:  Income allocated to participating securities  6  5  2  Preferred stock dividends  23  23  13  Net income attributable to common shares  $  1,122  $  1,140  $  482  Basic average common shares  131  135  139  Basic net income per common share  $  8.56  $  8.45  $  3.45  Basic average common shares  131  135  139  Dilutive common stock equivalents:  Net effect of the assumed exercise of stock awards  2  2  1  Diluted average common shares  133  137  140  Diluted net income per common share  $  8.47  $  8.35  $  3.43   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Declared dividends on preferred stock are excluded from net income attributable to common shares. Refer to Note 13 for further information on preferred stock.

The following average shares related to outstanding options to purchase shares of common stock were not included in the computation of diluted net income per common share because the options were anti-dilutive for the period.

| (average outstanding options in thousands)  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Average outstanding options  543  438  1,498  Range of exercise prices  $70.18 - $95.25  $79.01 - $95.25  $49.20 - $95.25   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 16 - SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

Share-based  compensation  expense  is  charged  to  salaries  and  benefits  expense  on  the  Consolidated  Statements  of Income. The components of share-based compensation expense for all share-based compensation plans and related tax benefits are as follows:

(in millions)

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Total share-based compensation expense  $  60  $  41  $  24  Related tax benefits recognized in net income  $  14  $  10  $  6   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarizes unrecognized compensation expense for all share-based plans.

| (dollar amounts in millions)  December 31, 2022  Total unrecognized share-based compensation expense  $  38  Weighted-average expected recognition period (in years)  2.1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Corporation  has  share-based  compensation  plans  under  which  it  awards  shares  of  restricted  stock  units  to executive officers, directors and key personnel and stock options to executive officers and key personnel of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. Restricted stock units fully vest after a period ranging from three years to five years, and stock options fully vest after four years. A majority of share-based compensation awards include a retirement eligibility clause where qualified employees are exempt from the service requirements of the award. This generally results in the recognition of compensation expense at the grant date for retirement eligible employees. The maturity of each option is determined at the date of grant; however, no options may be exercised later than ten years from the date of grant. The options may have restrictions regarding exercisability.  The  plans  provide  for  a  grant  of  up  to  7.7  million  common  shares,  plus  shares  under  certain  plans  that  are

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

forfeited, expire or are canceled, which become available for re-grant. At December 31, 2022, over 4.5 million shares were available for grant.

The  Corporation  used  a  binomial  model  to  value  stock  options  granted  in  the  periods  presented.  Option  valuation models require several inputs, including the expected stock price volatility, and changes in input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimates. The model used may not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of stock options. The risk-free interest rate assumption used in the binomial option-pricing model as outlined in the table below was based on the federal ten-year treasury interest rate. The expected dividend yield was based on the historical and projected longterm  dividend  yield  patterns  of  the  Corporation's  common  shares.  Expected  volatility  assumptions  considered  both  the historical volatility of the Corporation's common stock over a ten-year period and implied volatility based on actively traded options on the Corporation's common stock with pricing terms and trade dates similar to the stock options granted. Expected option life was based on historical exercise activity over the contractual term of the option grant (ten years), excluding certain forced transactions.

The estimated weighted-average grant-date fair value per option and the underlying binomial option-pricing model assumptions are summarized in the following table:

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Weighted-average grant-date fair value per option  $  25.31  $  18.36  $  13.03  Weighted-average assumptions:  Risk-free interest rates  1.78 %  1.05 %  1.65 %  Expected dividend yield  4.00  4.00  4.14  Volatility  34  39  27  Expected option life (in years)  8.0  7.8  8.4   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A summary of the Corporation's stock option activity and related information for the year ended December 31, 2022 follows:

| Weighted-Average  Number of  Options  (in thousands)  Exercise Price  per Share  Remaining  Contractual  Term (in years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic Value  (in millions)  Outstanding-January 1, 2022  2,244  $  57.50  Granted  183  92.58  Forfeited or expired  (32)  76.55  Exercised  (387)  50.64  Outstanding-December 31, 2022  2,008  61.71  5.1  $  22  Exercisable-December 31, 2022  1,379  $  57.20  3.9  $  20   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options shown in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value at December 31, 2022, based on the Corporation's closing stock price of $66.85 at December 31, 2022.

The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was $17 million, $29 million and $6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

A summary of the Corporation's restricted stock activity and related information for the year ended December 31, 2022 follows:

| Number of  Shares  (in thousands)  Weighted-Average  Grant-Date Fair  Value per Share  Outstanding-January 1, 2022  41  61.64  Forfeited  -  -  Vested  (41)  67.69  Outstanding-December 31, 2022  -  $  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total fair value of restricted stock awards that fully vested was $4 million, $8 million and $17 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

A summary of the Corporation's restricted stock unit activity and related information for the year ended December 31, 2022 follows:

| Service-Based Units  Performance-Based Units  Number of  Units  (in thousands)  Weighted-Average  Grant-Date Fair  Value per Share  Number of  Units  (in thousands)  Weighted-Average  Grant-Date Fair  Value per Share  Outstanding-January 1, 2022  1,346  $  59.18  816  $  63.12  Granted  361  84.14  182  87.45  Forfeited  (70)  65.24  (34)  70.40  Vested (a)  (232)  65.36  (220)  79.13  Outstanding-December 31, 2022  1,405  64.27  744  64.01   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes performance-based units valued at zero, as they did not meet the minimum performance threshold.

The total fair value of restricted stock units that fully vested was $19 million, $21 million and $12 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The Corporation expects to satisfy the exercise of stock options, the vesting of restricted stock units and future grants of restricted stock by issuing shares of common stock out of treasury. At December 31, 2022, the Corporation held 97 million shares in treasury.

For further information on the Corporation's share-based compensation plans, refer to Note 1.

## NOTE 17 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

## Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans

The Corporation  has  a  qualified  and  non-qualified  defined  benefit  pension  plan.  In  October  2016,  the  Corporation modified  its  defined  benefit  pension  plans  to  freeze  final  average  pay  benefits  as  of  December  31,  2016,  other  than  for participants who were age 60 or older as of December 31, 2016, and added a cash balance plan provision effective January 1, 2017. Active pension plan participants 60 years or older as of December 31, 2016 receive the greater of the final average pay formula or the frozen final average pay benefit as of December 31, 2016 plus the cash balance benefit earned after January 1, 2017. Employees participating in the retirement account plan as of December 31, 2016 were eligible to participate in the cash balance pension plan effective January 1, 2017. Benefits earned under the cash balance pension formula, in the form of an account balance, include contribution credits based on eligible pay earned each month, age and years of service and monthly interest credits based on the 30-year Treasury rate.

The  Corporation's  postretirement  benefit  plan  provides  postretirement  health  care  and  life  insurance  benefits  for retirees as of December 31, 1992. The plan also provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for a limited  number  of  retirees  who  retired  prior  to  January  1,  2000.  For  all  other  employees  hired  prior  to  January  1,  2000,  a nominal benefit is provided. Employees hired on or after January 1, 2000 and prior to January 1, 2007 are eligible to participate in the plan on a full contributory basis until Medicare-eligible based on age and service. Employees hired on or after January 1, 2007 are not eligible to participate in the plan. The Corporation funds the pre-1992 retiree plan benefits with bank-owned life insurance.  Effective  January  1,  2022,  the  plan  moved  from  a  self-insured  plan  to  the  Medicare  and  pre-65  individual marketplace with a funded Health Reimbursement Arrangement account for those with subsidized coverage. This change did not have a material impact on the Corporation's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flow.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

The following table sets forth reconciliations of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation, the weighted-average assumptions used to determine year-end benefit obligations, and the amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income for the Corporation's defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plan at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Corporation used a measurement date of December 31, 2022 for these plans.

| Defined Benefit Pension Plans  Qualified  Non-Qualified  Postretirement  Benefit Plan  (dollar amounts in millions)  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Change in fair value of plan assets:  Fair value of plan assets at January 1  $  3,462  $  3,350  $  -  $  -  $  53  $  57  Actual return on plan assets  (777)  291  -  -  (4)  (1)  Plan participants' contributions  -  -  -  -  -  1  Benefits paid  (177)  (179)  -  -  (3)  (4)  Fair value of plan assets at December 31  $  2,508  $  3,462  $  -  $  -  $  46  $  53  Change in projected benefit obligation:  Projected benefit obligation at January 1  $  2,214  $  2,327  $  207  $  252  $  31  $  35  Service cost  37  38  2  2  -  -  Interest cost  62  61  6  7  1  1  Actuarial gain  (525)  (69)  (37)  (3)  (8)  (1)  Plan participants' contributions  -  -  -  -  -  1  Benefits paid  (177)  (179)  (15)  (15)  (3)  (4)  Plan amendments (a)  -  36  -  (36)  -  (1)  Projected benefit obligation at December 31  $  1,611  $  2,214  $  163  $  207  $  21  $  31  Accumulated benefit obligation  $  1,598  $  2,199  $  161  $  204  $  21  $  31  Funded status at December 31 (b) (c)  $  897  $  1,248  $  (163)  $  (207)  $  25  $  22  Weighted-average assumptions used:  Discount rate  5.60 %  2.96 %  5.60 %  2.96 %  5.71 %  2.79 %  Rate of compensation increase  4.25  4.00  4.25  4.00  n/a  n/a  Interest crediting rate  3.99 - 5.25  3.79 - 5.00  3.99 - 5.25  3.79 - 5.00  n/a  n/a  Amounts recognized in accumulated other  comprehensive (loss) income before income  taxes:  Net actuarial loss  $  (638)  $  (205)  $  (46)  $  (92)  $  (10)  $  (11)  Prior service credit  33  48  38  47  2  2  Balance at December 31  $  (605)  $  (157)  $  (8)  $  (45)  $  (8)  $  (9)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The qualified defined benefit pension plan was amended in 2021 to include a flat dollar benefit for specified participants that would otherwise have been payable from the non-qualified defined benefit pension plan, resulting in a shift in projected benefit obligation from the non-qualified plan to the qualified plan.

(b) Based on projected benefit obligation for defined benefit pension plans and accumulated benefit obligation for postretirement benefit plan.

(c) The  Corporation  recognizes  the  overfunded  and  underfunded  status  of  the  plans  in  accrued  income  and  other  assets  and  accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

n/a - not applicable

Because the non-qualified defined benefit pension plan has no assets, the accumulated benefit obligation exceeded the fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.

The following table details the changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022.

| Defined Benefit Pension Plans  (in millions)  Qualified  Non-Qualified  Postretirement  Benefit Plan  Total  Actuarial gain (loss) arising during the period  $  (453)  $  37  $  1  $  (415)  Amortization of net actuarial loss  19  9  -  28  Amortization of prior service credit  (14)  (9)  -  (23)  Total recognized in other comprehensive loss  $  (448)  $  37  $  1  $  (410)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

Components of net periodic defined benefit (credit) cost and postretirement benefit credit, the actual return on plan assets and the weighted-average assumptions used were as follows:

| Defined Benefit Pension Plans  (dollar amounts in millions)  Qualified  Non-Qualified  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Service cost (a)  $  37  $  38  $  32  $  2  $  2  $  1  Other components of net benefit (credit) cost:  Interest cost  62  61  70  6  7  8  Expected return on plan assets  (201)  (202)  (185)  -  -  -  Amortization of prior service credit  (14)  (19)  (19)  (9)  (6)  (8)  Amortization of actuarial net loss  19  29  38  9  11  9  Total other components of net benefit (credit) cost (b)  (134)  (131)  (96)  6  12  9  Net periodic defined benefit (credit) cost  $  (97)  $  (93)  $  (64)  $  8  $  14  $  10  Actual return on plan assets  $ (777)  $  291  $  537  n/a  n/a  n/a  Actual rate of return on plan assets  (23.02)  %  8.92 %  18.72 %  n/a  n/a  n/a  Weighted-average assumptions used:  Discount rate  2.96 %  2.71 %  3.43 %  2.96 %  2.71 %  3.43 %  Expected long-term return on plan assets  6.50  6.50  6.50  n/a  n/a  n/a  Rate of compensation increase  4.00  4.00  4.00  4.00  4.00  4.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Included in salaries and benefits expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

(b) Included in other noninterest expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

n/a - not applicable

| (dollar amounts in millions)  Postretirement Benefit Plan  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Other components of net benefit credit:  Interest cost  $  1  $  1  $  1  Expected return on plan assets  (3)  (3)  (2)  Net periodic postretirement benefit credit  $  (2)  $  (2)  $  (1)  Actual return on plan assets  $  (4)  $  (1)  $  3  Actual rate of return on plan assets  (8.24%)  (2.25%)  6.00%  Weighted-average assumptions used:  Discount rate  2.79%  2.43%  3.26%  Expected long-term return on plan assets  5.00  5.00  5.00  Healthcare cost trend rate (a):  Cost trend rate assumed  n/a  6.00  6.25  Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate)  n/a  4.50  4.50  Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate  n/a  2027  2027   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Beginning January 1, 2022, the healthcare cost trend assumption is no longer a relevant assumption due to the change from a selfinsured plan to the Medicare and pre-65 individual marketplace with a funded Health Reimbursement Arrangement account.

n/a - not applicable

The expected long-term rate of return of plan assets is the average rate of return expected to be realized on funds invested or expected to be invested over the life of the plan, which has an estimated duration of approximately 9 years as of December 31, 2022. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is set after considering both long-term returns in the general  market  and  long-term  returns  experienced  by  the  assets  in  the  plan.  The  returns  on  the  various  asset  categories  are blended to derive an equity and a fixed income long-term rate of return. The Corporation reviews its pension plan assumptions on  an  annual  basis  with  its  actuarial  consultants  to  determine  if  assumptions  are  reasonable  and  adjusts  the  assumptions  to reflect changes in future expectations.

## Plan Assets

The Corporation's overall investment goals for the qualified defined benefit pension plan are to maintain a portfolio of assets of appropriate liquidity and diversification; to generate investment returns (net of all operating costs) that are reasonably anticipated to maintain the plan's fully funded status or to reduce a funding deficit, after taking into account various factors, including reasonably anticipated future contributions, expense and the interest rate sensitivity of the plan's assets relative to that of  the  plan's  liabilities;  and  to  generate  investment  returns  (net  of  all  operating  costs)  that  meet  or  exceed  a  customized benchmark as defined  in  the  plan's  investment  policy.  Derivative  instruments  are  permissible  for  hedging  and  transactional efficiency, but only to the extent that the derivative use enhances the efficient execution of the plan's investment policy. The plan does not directly invest in securities issued by the Corporation and its subsidiaries. The Corporation's target allocations for plan investments are 40 percent to 50 percent for equity securities and 50 percent to 60 percent for fixed income, including cash. Equity securities include collective investment and mutual funds and common stock. Fixed income securities include U.S. Treasury  and  other  U.S.  government  agency  securities,  mortgage-backed  securities,  corporate  bonds  and  notes,  municipal bonds, collateralized mortgage obligations and money market funds.

## Fair Value Measurements

The  Corporation's  qualified  defined  benefit  pension  plan  utilizes  fair  value  measurements  to  record  fair  value adjustments and to determine fair value disclosures. The Corporation's qualified benefit pension plan categorizes investments recorded at fair value into a three-level hierarchy, based on the markets in which the investment are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine fair value. Refer to Note 1 for a description of the three-level hierarchy.

Following  is  a  description  of  the  valuation  methodologies  and  key  inputs  used  to  measure  the  fair  value  of  the Corporation's qualified defined benefit pension plan investments, including an indication of the level of the fair value hierarchy in which the investments are classified.

## Mutual funds

Fair value measurement is based upon the net asset value (NAV) provided by the administrator of the fund. Mutual fund NAVs are quoted in an active market exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange, and are included in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

## Common stock

Fair value measurement is based upon the closing price quoted in an active market exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange. Level 1 common stock includes domestic and foreign stock and real estate investment trusts.

## U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agency securities

Level  1  securities  include  U.S.  Treasury  securities  that  are  traded  by  dealers  or  brokers  in  active  over-the-counter markets.  Fair  value  measurement  is  based  upon  quoted  prices  in  an  active  market  exchange,  such  as  the  New  York  Stock Exchange.  Level  2  securities  include  debt  securities  issued  by  U.S.  government  agencies  and  U.S.  government-sponsored entities.  The  fair  value  of  Level  2  securities  is  determined  using  quoted  prices  of  securities  with  similar  characteristics,  or pricing models based on observable market data inputs, primarily interest rates and spreads.

## Corporate and municipal bonds and notes

Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or pricing models based on  observable  market  data  inputs,  primarily  interest  rates,  spreads  and  prepayment  information.  Level  2  securities  include corporate bonds, municipal bonds, foreign bonds and foreign notes.

## Mortgage-backed securities

Fair value measurement is based upon independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security's credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors, such as credit loss and liquidity assumptions, and are included in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

## Private placements

Fair  value  is  measured  using  the  NAV  provided  by  fund  management  as  quoted  prices  in  active  markets  are  not available. Management considers additional discounts to the provided NAV for market and credit risk. Private placements are included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## Collective investment funds

Fair value measurement is based upon the NAV provided by the administrator of the fund as a practical expedient to estimate fair  value.  There  are  no  unfunded  commitments  or  redemption  restrictions  on  the  collective  investment  funds.  The investments are redeemable daily.

## Fair Values

The fair values of the Corporation's qualified defined benefit pension plan investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021, by asset category and level within the fair value hierarchy, are detailed in the table below.

| (in millions)  Total  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  December 31, 2022  Fixed income securities:  U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agency securities  $  534  $  531  $  3  $  -  Corporate and municipal bonds and notes  676  -  676  -  Mortgage-backed securities  20  -  20  -  Private placements  39  -  -  39  Total investments in the fair value hierarchy  $  1,269  $  531  $  699  $  39  Investments measured at net asset value:  Collective investment funds  1,230  Total investments at fair value  $  2,499  December 31, 2021  Fixed income securities:  U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agency securities  $  599  $  595  $  4  $  -  Corporate and municipal bonds and notes  893  -  893  -  Mortgage-backed securities  27  -  27  -  Private placements  50  -  -  50  Total investments in the fair value hierarchy  $  1,569  $  595  $  924  $  50  Investments measured at net asset value:  Collective investment funds  1,885  Total investments at fair value  $  3,454   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below provides a summary of changes in the Corporation's qualified defined benefit pension plan's Level 3 investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| Balance at  Beginning  of Period  Balance at  End of Period  Net Gains (Losses)  (in millions)  Realized  Unrealized  Purchases  Sales  Year Ended December 31, 2022  Private placements  $  50  $  (3)  $  (12)  $  38  $  (34)  $  39  Year Ended December 31, 2021  Private placements  $  58  $  2  $  (4)  $  44  $  (50)  $  50   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There  were  no  assets  in  the  non-qualified  defined  benefit  pension  plan  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021.  The postretirement benefit plan is fully invested in bank-owned life insurance policies. The fair value of bank-owned life insurance policies is based on the cash surrender values of the policies as reported by the insurance companies and is classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

## Cash Flows

The  Corporation  currently  expects  to  make  no  employer  contributions  to  the  qualified  and  non-qualified  defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plan for the year ended December 31, 2023.

| Estimated Future Benefit Payments  (in millions)  Years Ended December 31  Qualified  Defined Benefit  Pension Plan  Non-Qualified  Defined Benefit  Pension Plan  Postretirement  Benefit Plan (a)  2023  $  168  $  14  $  3  2024  140  15  3  2025  139  15  3  2026  143  15  2  2027  140  14  2  2028 - 2032  663  70  8   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Estimated benefit payments in the postretirement benefit plan are net of estimated Medicare subsidies.

## Defined Contribution Plans

Substantially  all  of  the  Corporation's  employees  are  eligible  to  participate  in  the  Corporation's  principal  defined contribution plan (a 401(k) plan). Under this plan, the Corporation makes core matching cash contributions of 100 percent of the first 4 percent of qualified earnings contributed by employees (up to the current IRS compensation limit), invested based on employee investment elections. Employee benefits expense included expense for the plan of $24 million for the each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

## Deferred Compensation Plans

The  Corporation  offers  optional  deferred  compensation  plans  under  which  certain  employees  and  non-employee directors (participants) may make an irrevocable election to defer incentive compensation and/or a portion of base salary until retirement  or  separation  from  the  Corporation.  The  participant  may  direct  deferred  compensation  into  one  or  more  deemed investment  options.  Although  not  required  to  do  so,  the  Corporation  invests  actual  funds  into  the  deemed  investments  as directed  by  participants,  resulting  in  a  deferred  compensation  asset,  recorded  in  other  short-term  investments  on  the Consolidated Balance Sheets that offsets the liability to participants under the plan, recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities.  The  earnings  from  the  deferred  compensation  asset  are  recorded  in  interest  on  short-term  investments  and  other noninterest  income  and  the  related  change  in  the  liability  to  participants  under  the  plan  is  recorded  in  salaries  and  benefits expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

## NOTE 18 - INCOME TAXES AND TAX-RELATED ITEMS

The provision for income taxes is calculated as the sum of income taxes due for the current year and deferred taxes. Income taxes due for the current year are computed by applying federal and state tax statutes to current year taxable income. Deferred  taxes  arise  from  temporary  differences  between  the  income  tax  basis  and  financial  accounting  basis  of  assets  and liabilities. Tax-related interest and penalties and foreign taxes are then added to the tax provision.

The current and deferred components of the provision for income taxes were as follows:

| (in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  2020  Current:  Federal  $  296  $  212  $  171  Foreign  6  5  5  State and local  50  26  30  Total current  352  243  206  Deferred:  Federal  (24)  62  (73)  State and local  (3)  17  (9)  Total deferred  (27)  79  (82)  Total  $  325  $  322  $  124   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Income before income taxes of $1.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 included $48 million of foreign taxable income.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

The provision for income taxes does not reflect the tax effects of unrealized gains and losses on investment securities available-for-sale,  hedging  transactions  or  the  change  in  defined  benefit  pension  and  other  postretirement  plans  adjustment included in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income. Refer to Note 14 for additional information on accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income.

A reconciliation of expected income tax expense at the federal statutory rate to the Corporation's provision for income taxes and effective tax rate follows:

| (dollar amounts in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Years Ended December 31  Amount  Rate  Amount  Rate  Amount  Rate  Tax based on federal statutory rate  $  310  21.0 %  $  313  21.0 %  $  130  21.0 %  State income taxes  36  2.5  35  2.4  18  2.9  Affordable housing and historic credits  (13)  (0.9)  (13)  (0.9)  (12)  (1.9)  Bank-owned life insurance  (10)  (0.7)  (10)  (0.6)  (10)  (1.6)  FDIC insurance expense  6  0.4  5  0.3  7  1.1  Employee stock transactions  (3)  (0.2)  (3)  (0.2)  (1)  (0.2)  Tax-related interest and penalties  -  -  -  -  (2)  (0.3)  Other  (1)  (0.1)  (5)  (0.4)  (6)  (1.0)  Provision for income taxes  $  325  22.0 %  $  322  21.6 %  $  124  20.0 %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  liability  for  tax-related  interest  and  penalties,  included  in  accrued  expenses  and  other  liabilities  on  the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was $5 million and $6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation enters into certain transactions that have tax consequences. From time to time, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) may review and/or challenge specific interpretive tax positions taken by the Corporation with respect to those transactions. The Corporation believes that its tax returns were filed based upon applicable statutes, regulations and case law in effect at the time of the transactions. The IRS or other tax jurisdictions, an administrative authority or a court, if presented with the transactions, could disagree with the Corporation's interpretation of the tax law.

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of net unrecognized tax benefits follows:

| (in millions)  2022  2021  2020  Balance at January 1  $  18  $  19  $  17  (Decrease) increase as a result of tax positions taken during a prior period  (2)  1  1  Increase as a result of tax positions taken during the current period  3  3  2  Decreases related to settlements with tax authorities  (3)  (3)  (1)  Reduction as a result of expiration of statute of limitations  -  (2)  -  Balance at December 31  $  16  $  18  $  19   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

After consideration of the effect of the federal tax benefit available on unrecognized state tax benefits, the total amount of  unrecognized  tax  benefits  which,  if  recognized,  would  affect  the  Corporation's  effective  tax  rate  was  approximately  $13 million and $14 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The following tax years for significant jurisdictions remain subject to examination as of December 31, 2022:

| Jurisdiction  Tax Years  Federal  2019-2021  New York  2018-2021  California  2006-2007, 2018-2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Corporation expects to enter into a settlement agreement with the California Franchise Tax Board related to open years 2006 and 2007 that will result in a change in net unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. As a result of the agreement, the Corporation anticipates a favorable change of approximately $4 million in tax and $3 million in interest and penalties.

Based  on  current  knowledge  and  probability  assessment  of  various  potential  outcomes,  the  Corporation  believes current tax reserves are adequate, and the amount of any potential incremental liability arising is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's consolidated financial condition or results of operations. Probabilities and outcomes are reviewed as events unfold, and adjustments to the reserves are made when necessary.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

During 2022, the Corporation received a favorable ruling from the Michigan Supreme Court in its petition to the state for its tax credit transfer regarding tax years 2008 through 2011. The Corporation has recorded a non-income tax benefit of $4 million,  with  the  expectation  of  another  $7  million  to  be  recognized  in  the  following  year  (amounts  are  not  inclusive  of interest.)

The principal components of deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:

| (in millions)  December 31  2022  2021  Deferred tax assets:  Allowance for depreciation  $  -  $  7  Allowance for loan losses  128  124  Deferred compensation  84  71  Deferred loan origination fees and costs  12  17  Net hedging losses  290  -  Net unrealized losses on investment securities available-for-sale  713  30  Operating lease liabilities  85  74  Other temporary differences, net  42  21  Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance  1,354  344  Valuation allowance  (5)  (5)  Total deferred tax assets  1,349  339  Deferred tax liabilities:  Lease financing transactions  (31)  (49)  Defined benefit plans  (123)  (198)  Allowance for depreciation  (4)  -  Net hedging gains  -  (17)  Leasing Right of Use assets  (71)  (66)  Total deferred tax liabilities  (229)  (330)  Net deferred tax assets  $  1,120  $  9   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets included $4 million and $3 million of federal foreign tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, expiring between 2028 and 2031. In addition, there were $2 million and $3 million of state net operating  loss  (NOL)  carryforwards  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  respectively,  expiring  between  2023  and  2041.  The Corporation  believes  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  benefit  from  federal  foreign  tax  credits  and  certain  state  NOL carryforwards will not be realized and, accordingly, maintains a federal valuation allowance of $4 million and a state valuation allowance of $1 million at December 31, 2022, compared to a federal valuation of $3 million and a state valuation allowance of $2 million in the comparable period in 2021. For further information on the Corporation's valuation policy for deferred tax assets, refer to Note 1.

## NOTE 19 - TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

The  Corporation's  banking  subsidiaries  had,  and  expect  to  have  in  the  future,  transactions  with  the  Corporation's directors and executive officers, companies with which these individuals are associated and certain related individuals. Such transactions were made in the ordinary course of business and included extensions of credit, leases and professional services. With respect to extensions of credit, all were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those  prevailing  at  the  same  time  for  comparable  transactions  with  other  customers  and  did  not,  in  management's  opinion, involve more than normal risk of collectibility or present other unfavorable features. The aggregate amount of loans attributable to persons who were related parties at December 31, 2022 totaled $74 million at the beginning of 2022 and $57 million at the end of 2022. During 2022, new loans to related parties aggregated $270 million and repayments totaled $287 million.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 20 - REGULATORY CAPITAL

Banking regulations limit the transfer of assets in the form of dividends, loans or advances from the bank subsidiaries to the parent company. Under the most restrictive of these regulations, the aggregate amount of dividends which can be paid to the parent company, with prior approval from bank regulatory agencies, approximated $506 million at January 1, 2023, plus 2023 net profits. Substantially all the assets of the Corporation's banking subsidiaries are restricted from transfer to the parent company of the Corporation in the form of loans or advances.

The Corporation's subsidiary banks declared dividends of $1.0 billion, $852 million and $498 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The Corporation and its U.S. banking subsidiaries are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by  federal  and  state  banking  agencies  under  the  Basel  III  regulatory  framework  (Basel  III).  This  regulatory  framework establishes comprehensive methodologies for calculating regulatory capital and risk-weighted assets (RWA). Basel III also set minimum capital ratios as well as overall capital adequacy standards.

Under Basel III, regulatory capital comprises Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital, additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. CET1 capital predominantly includes common shareholders' equity, less certain deductions for goodwill, intangible assets and deferred tax assets that arise from net operating losses and tax credit carry-forwards. Additionally, the Corporation has  elected  to  permanently  exclude  capital  in  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  (AOCI)  related  to  debt  and  equity securities classified as available-for-sale as well as for cash flow hedges and defined benefit postretirement plans from CET1, an  option  available  to  standardized  approach  entities  under  Basel  III.  Tier  1  capital  incrementally  includes  noncumulative perpetual preferred stock. Tier 2 capital includes Tier 1 capital as well as subordinated debt qualifying as Tier 2 and qualifying allowance  for  credit  losses.  In  addition  to  the  minimum  risk-based  capital  requirements,  the  Corporation  and  its  Bank subsidiaries are required to maintain a minimum capital conservation buffer, in the form of common equity, of 2.5 percent in order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses.

The  Corporation  computes  RWA  using  the  standardized  approach.  Under  the  standardized  approach,  RWA  is generally  based  on  supervisory  risk-weightings  which  vary  by  counterparty  type  and  asset  class.  Under  the  Basel  III standardized  approach,  capital  is  required  for  credit  risk  RWA,  to  cover  the  risk  of  unexpected  losses  due  to  failure  of  a customer  or  counterparty  to  meet  its  financial  obligations  in  accordance  with  contractual  terms;  and  if  trading  assets  and liabilities  exceed certain thresholds, capital is also required for market risk RWA, to cover the risk of losses due to adverse market movements or from position-specific factors.

Quantitative  measures  established  by  regulation  to  ensure  capital  adequacy  require  the  maintenance  of  minimum amounts and ratios of CET1, Tier 1 and total capital (as defined in the regulations) to average and/or risk-weighted assets. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Corporation's financial statements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Corporation and its U.S. banking subsidiaries exceeded the ratios required for an institution to be considered 'well capitalized'. For U.S. banking subsidiaries, those requirements were total risk-based capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital, CET1 risk-based  capital  and  leverage  ratios  greater  than  10  percent,  8  percent,  6.5  percent  and  5  percent,  respectively,  at December  31,  2022  and  2021.  For  the  Corporation,  requirements  to  be  considered  "well  capitalized"  were  total  risk-based capital and Tier 1 risk-based capital ratios greater than 10 percent and 6 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There have been no conditions or events since December 31, 2022 that management believes have changed the capital adequacy classification of the Corporation or its U.S. banking subsidiaries.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

The  following  is  a  summary  of  the  capital  position  of  the  Corporation  and  Comerica  Bank,  its  principal  banking subsidiary.

| (dollar amounts in millions)  Comerica  Incorporated  (Consolidated)  Comerica  Bank  December 31, 2022  CET1 capital (minimum $3.5 billion (Consolidated))  $  7,884  $  7,801  Tier 1 capital (minimum $4.7 billion (Consolidated))  8,278  7,801  Total capital (minimum $6.3 billion (Consolidated))  9,817  9,190  Risk-weighted assets  78,871  78,781  Average assets (fourth quarter)  86,726  86,608  CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-4.5%)  10.00 %  9.90 %  Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-6.0%)  10.50  9.90  Total capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-8.0%)  12.45  11.67  Tier 1 capital to average assets (minimum-4.0%)  9.55  9.01  Capital conservation buffer (minimum-2.5%)  4.45  3.67  December 31, 2021  CET1 capital (minimum $3.1 billion (Consolidated))  $  7,064  $  7,634  Tier 1 capital (minimum $4.2 billion (Consolidated))  7,458  7,634  Total capital (minimum $5.6 billion (Consolidated))  8,608  8,584  Risk-weighted assets  69,708  69,542  Average assets (fourth quarter)  96,417  96,216  CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-4.5%)  10.13  %  10.98  %  Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-6.0%)  10.70  10.98  Total capital to risk-weighted assets (minimum-8.0%)  12.35  12.34  Tier 1 capital to average assets (minimum-4.0%)  7.74  7.93  Capital conservation buffer (minimum-2.5%)  4.35  4.34   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 21 - CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

## Legal Proceedings and Regulatory Matters

The Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to various other pending or threatened legal proceedings arising out of the normal course of business or operations. The Corporation believes it has meritorious defenses to the claims asserted against it in its other currently outstanding legal proceedings and, with respect to such legal proceedings, intends to continue to defend itself vigorously, litigating or settling cases according to management's judgment as to what is in the best interests  of  the  Corporation  and  its  shareholders.  Settlement  may  result  from  the  Corporation's  determination  that  it  may  be more prudent financially to settle, rather than litigate, and should not be regarded as an admission of liability.

Further, from time to time, the Corporation is also subject to examinations, inquiries and investigations by regulatory authorities in areas including, but not limited to, compliance, risk management and consumer protection, which could lead to administrative  or  legal  proceedings  or  settlements.  For  example,  the  Consumer  Financial  Protection  Bureau  ('CFPB')  is investigating certain of the Corporation's practices, and the Corporation has responded and continues to respond to the CFPB. We are unable to  predict  the  outcome  of  these  discussions  at  this  time.  Remedies  in  these  proceedings  or  settlements  may include fines, penalties, restitution or alterations in the Corporation's business practices and may result in increased operating expenses or decreased revenues.

On at least  a  quarterly  basis,  the  Corporation  assesses  its  potential  liabilities  and  contingencies  in  connection  with outstanding legal proceedings and regulatory matters utilizing the latest information available. On a case-by-case basis, accruals are established for those legal claims and regulatory matters for which it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. The actual costs of resolving these claims and regulatory matters may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts accrued. Based on current knowledge, and after consultation with legal counsel, management believes current accruals are adequate, and the amount of any incremental liability arising from these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Corporation's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Legal fees of $17 million, $14 million and $17 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were included in other noninterest expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

For matters where a loss is not probable, the Corporation has not established an accrual. The Corporation believes the estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses, in excess of established accruals, for all legal proceedings and

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

regulatory matters in which it is involved is from zero to approximately $80 million at December 31, 2022. This estimated aggregate range of reasonably possible losses is based upon currently available information for those legal proceedings and regulatory matters in which the Corporation is involved, taking into account the Corporation's best estimate of such losses for those legal cases and regulatory matters for which such estimate can be made. For certain legal cases and regulatory matters, the Corporation does not believe that an estimate can currently be made. The Corporation's estimate involves significant judgment, given the varying stages of the legal proceedings and regulatory matters (including the fact many are currently in preliminary stages), the existence in certain legal proceedings of multiple defendants (including the Corporation) whose share of liability has  yet  to  be  determined,  the  numerous  yet-unresolved  issues  in  many  of  the  legal  proceedings  and  regulatory  matters (including issues regarding class certification and the scope of many of the claims) and the attendant uncertainty of the various potential outcomes of such legal proceedings and regulatory matters. Accordingly, the Corporation's estimate will change from time to time, and actual losses may be more or less than the current estimate.

In  the  event  of  unexpected  future  developments,  it  is  possible  that  the  ultimate  resolution  of  these  matters,  if unfavorable, may be material to the Corporation's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

For information regarding income tax contingencies, refer to Note 18.

## NOTE 22 - STRATEGIC LINES OF BUSINESS

The Corporation has strategically aligned its operations into three major business segments: the Commercial Bank, the Retail Bank and Wealth Management. These business segments are differentiated based on the type of customer and the related products and services provided. In addition to the three major business segments, the Finance Division is also reported as a segment. Business segment results are produced by the Corporation's internal management accounting system. This system measures financial results based on the internal business unit structure of the Corporation. The performance of the business segments  is  not  comparable  with  the  Corporation's  consolidated  results  and  is  not  necessarily  comparable  with  similar information  for  any  other  financial  institution.  Additionally,  because  of  the  interrelationships  of  the  various  segments,  the information  presented  is  not  indicative  of  how  the  segments  would  perform  if  they  operated  as  independent  entities.  The management  accounting  system  assigns  balance  sheet  and  income  statement  items  to  each  business  segment  using  certain methodologies,  which  are  regularly  reviewed  and  refined.  From  time  to  time,  the  Corporation  may  make  reclassifications among the  segments  to  more  appropriately  reflect  management's  current  view  of  the  segments,  and  methodologies  may  be modified as the management accounting system is enhanced and changes occur in the organizational structure and/or product lines. For comparability purposes, amounts in all periods are based on business unit structure and methodologies in effect at December 31, 2022.

Net interest income for each segment reflects the interest income generated by earning assets less interest expense on interest-bearing  liabilities  plus  the  net  impact  from  associated  internal  funds  transfer  pricing  (FTP)  funding  credits  and charges.  The  FTP  methodology allocates credits to each business segment for deposits and other funds provided as well as charges for loans and other assets being funded. This credit or charge is based on matching stated or implied maturities for these assets and liabilities. The FTP crediting rates on deposits and other funds provided reflect the long-term value of deposits and other funding sources based on their implied maturity. Due to the longer-term nature of implied maturities, FTP crediting rates are generally less volatile than changes in interest rates observed in the market. FTP charge rates for funding loans and other assets reflect a matched cost of funds based on the pricing and duration characteristics of the assets. As a result of applying matched funding, interest revenue for each segment resulting from loans and other assets is generally not impacted by changes in interest rates. Therefore, net interest income for each segment primarily reflects the volume of loans and other earning assets at the spread over the matched cost of funds, as well as the volume of deposits at the associated FTP crediting rates. Generally, in periods of rising interest rates, FTP charge rates for funding loans and FTP crediting rates on deposits will increase, with FTP crediting rates for deposits typically repricing at a slower pace than FTP charge rates for funding loans.

For acquired loans and deposits, matched maturity funding is determined based on origination date. Accordingly, the FTP  process  reflects  the  transfer  of  interest  rate  risk  exposures  to  the  Corporate  Treasury  department  within  the  Finance segment, where such exposures are centrally managed. The allowance for credit losses is allocated to the business segments based  on  the  methodology  used  to  estimate  the  consolidated  allowance  for  credit  losses  described  in  Note  1.  The  related provision for credit losses is assigned based on the amount necessary to maintain an allowance for credit losses appropriate for each business segment. Noninterest income and expenses directly attributable to a line of business are assigned to that business segment.  Direct  expenses  incurred  by  areas  whose  services  support  the  overall  Corporation  are  allocated  to  the  business segments  as  follows:  product  processing  expenditures  are  allocated  based  on  standard  unit  costs  applied  to  actual  volume measurements; administrative expenses are allocated based on estimated time expended; and corporate overhead is assigned 50 percent based on the ratio of the business segment's noninterest expenses to total noninterest expenses incurred by all business

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

segments and 50 percent based on the ratio of the business segment's attributed equity to total attributed equity of all business segments. Equity is attributed based on credit, operational and interest rate risks. Most of the equity attributed relates to credit risk,  which  is  determined  based  on  the  credit  score  and  expected  remaining  life  of  each  loan,  letter  of  credit  and  unused commitment  recorded  in  the  business  segments.  Operational  risk  is  allocated  based  on  loans  and  letters  of  credit,  deposit balances,  non-earning assets,  trust  assets  under  management,  certain  noninterest  income  items,  and  the  nature  and  extent  of expenses incurred by business units. Virtually all interest  rate  risk  is  assigned  to  Finance,  as  are  the  Corporation's  hedging activities.

The  following  discussion  provides  information  about  the  activities  of  each  business  segment.  A  discussion  of  the financial  results  and  the  factors  impacting  2022  performance  can  be  found  in  "Strategic  Lines  of  Business"  section  of  the financial review.

The  Commercial  Bank  meets  the  needs  of  small  and  middle  market  businesses,  multinational  corporations  and governmental entities by offering various products and services including commercial loans and lines of credit, deposits, cash management, payment solutions, card services, capital market products, international trade  finance,  letters  of  credit,  foreign exchange management services and loan syndication services.

The Retail Bank includes a full range of personal financial services, consisting of consumer lending, consumer deposit gathering  and  mortgage  loan  origination.  This  business  segment  offers  a  variety  of  consumer  products,  including  deposit accounts, installment loans, credit cards, student loans, home equity lines of credit and residential mortgage loans. In addition, this  business  segment  offers  a  subset  of  commercial  products  and  services  to  micro-businesses  whose  primary  contact  is through the branch network.

Wealth Management offers products and services consisting of fiduciary services, private banking, retirement services, securities-based  lending,  investment  management  and  advisory  services,  investment  banking  and  brokerage  services.  This business segment also offers the sale of annuity products, as well as life, disability and long-term care insurance products.

The Finance segment includes the Corporation's securities portfolio and asset and liability management activities. This segment  is  responsible  for  managing  the  Corporation's  funding,  liquidity  and  capital  needs,  performing  interest  sensitivity analysis  and  executing  various  strategies  to  manage  the  Corporation's  exposure  to  liquidity,  interest  rate  risk  and  foreign exchange risk.

The Other category includes the income and expense impact of equity and cash, tax benefits not assigned to specific business segments, charges of an unusual or infrequent nature that are not reflective of the normal operations of the business segments and miscellaneous other expenses of a corporate nature.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

Business segment financial results are as follows:

| (dollar amounts in millions)  Commercial  Bank  Retail  Bank  Wealth  Management  Finance  Other  Total  Year Ended December 31, 2022  Earnings summary:  Net interest income (expense)  $  1,753  $  680  $  199  $  (187)  $  21  $ 2,466  Provision for credit losses  32  11  9  -  8  60  Noninterest income  607  122  298  58  (17)  1,068  Noninterest expenses  963  689  348  1  (3)  1,998  Provision (benefit) for income taxes  313  22  33  (37)  (6)  325  Net income (loss)  $  1,052  $  80  $  107  $  (93)  $  5  $ 1,151  Net credit-related charge-offs (recoveries)  $  21  $  (1)  $  (3)  $  -  $  -  $  17  Selected average balances:  Assets  $  47,660  $ 2,814  $  5,037  $  20,682  $  11,079  $  87,272  Loans  43,481  2,063  4,906  -  10  50,460  Deposits  42,584  26,672  5,439  591  195  75,481  Statistical data:  Return on average assets (a)  2.21 %  0.29 %  1.83 %  n/m  n/m  1.32 %  Efficiency ratio (b)  40.69  85.31  70.00  n/m  n/m  56.32  Year Ended December 31, 2021  Earnings summary:  Net interest income (expense)  $  1,574  $  565  $  166  $  (471)  $  10  $ 1,844  Provision for credit losses  (346)  (5)  (32)  -  (1)  (384)  Noninterest income  663  123  279  41  17  1,123  Noninterest expenses  870  645  317  1  28  1,861  Provision (benefit) for income taxes  384  5  36  (100)  (3)  322  Net income (loss)  $  1,329  $  43  $  124  $  (331)  $  3  $ 1,168  Net credit-related (recoveries) charge-offs  $  (12)  $  2  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  (10)  Selected average balances:  Assets  $  44,004  $ 3,213  $  5,028  $  17,705  $  20,202  $  90,152  Loans  41,801  2,382  4,903  -  (3)  49,083  Deposits  45,602  25,682  5,218  965  214  77,681  Statistical data:  Return on average assets (a)  2.71  %  0.16  %  2.24  %  n/m  n/m  1.30  %  Efficiency ratio (b)  38.76  92.98  71.02  n/m  n/m  62.42   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Table continues on following page)

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

| (dollar amounts in millions)  Commercial  Bank  Retail  Bank  Wealth  Management  Finance  Other  Total  Year Ended December 31, 2020  Earnings summary:  Net interest income (expense)  $  1,605  $  503  $  167  $  (384)  $  20  $  1,911  Provision for credit losses  495  7  35  -  -  537  Noninterest income  555  110  263  55  18  1,001  Noninterest expenses  813  607  295  2  37  1,754  Provision (benefit) for income taxes  184  (3)  22  (78)  (1)  124  Net income (loss)  $  668  $  2  $  78  $  (253)  $  2  $  497  Net credit-related charge-offs  $  192  $  1  $  3  $  -  $  -  $  196  Selected average balances:  Assets  $  45,716  $  3,281  $  5,162  $  15,418  $  11,569  $  81,146  Loans  44,119  2,468  5,045  -  (1)  51,631  Deposits  36,616  22,832  4,402  1,026  162  65,038  Statistical data:  Return on average assets (a)  1.46 %  - %  1.51 %  n/m  n/m  0.61 %  Efficiency ratio (b)  37.63  98.52  68.47  n/m  n/m  60.13   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Return on average assets is calculated based on the greater of average assets or average liabilities and attributed equity.

(b) Noninterest  expenses  as  a  percentage  of  the  sum  of  net  interest  income  and  noninterest  income  excluding  net  gains  (losses)  from securities, a derivative contract tied to the conversion rate of Visa Class B shares and changes in the value of shares obtained through monetization of warrants.

n/m - not meaningful

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 23 - PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## BALANCE SHEETS - COMERICA INCORPORATED

| (in millions, except share data)  December 31  2022  2021  Assets  Cash and due from subsidiary banks  $  1,810  $  1,105  Other short-term investments  92  113  Receivable due from subsidiary bank  150  150  Investment in subsidiaries, principally banks  4,853  8,278  Premises and equipment  -  1  Accrued income and other assets  191  265  Total assets  $  7,096  $  9,912  Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity  Medium- and long-term debt  $  1,593  $  1,736  Accrued expenses and other liabilities  322  279  Total liabilities  1,915  2,015  Fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series A, no par value, $100,000  liquidation preference per share:  Authorized - 4,000 shares  Issued - 4,000 shares  394  394  Common stock - $5 par value:  Authorized - 325,000,000 shares  Issued - 228,164,824 shares  1,141  1,141  Capital surplus  2,220  2,175  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (3,742)  (212)  Retained earnings  11,258  10,494  Less cost of common stock in treasury - 97,197,962 shares at 12/31/2022 and 97,476,872  shares at 12/31/2021  (6,090)  (6,095)  Total shareholders' equity  5,181  7,897  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  $  7,096  $  9,912   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## STATEMENTS OF INCOME - COMERICA INCORPORATED

(in millions)

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Income  Income from subsidiaries:  Dividends from subsidiaries  $  1,067  $  849  $  498  Other interest income  13  1  4  Intercompany management fees  109  235  209  Total income  1,189  1,085  711  Expenses  Interest on medium- and long-term debt  47  20  30  Salaries and benefits expense  53  170  141  Other noninterest expenses  46  72  66  Total expenses  146  262  237  Income before benefit for income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings  of subsidiaries  1,043  823  474  Benefit for income taxes  (3)  (6)  (6)  Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries  1,046  829  480  Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, principally banks  105  339  17  Net income  1,151  1,168  497  Less income allocated to participating securities  6  5  2  Preferred stock dividends  23  23  13  Net income attributable to common shares  $  1,122  $  1,140  $  482   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - COMERICA INCORPORATED

| (in millions)  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Operating Activities  Net income  $  1,151  $  1,168  $  497  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating  activities:  Undistributed (earnings) of subsidiaries, principally banks  (105)  (339)  (17)  Net periodic defined benefit cost  2  5  4  Share-based compensation expense  22  19  11  Benefit for deferred income taxes  -  (2)  (1)  Other, net  24  3  2  Net cash provided by operating activities  1,094  854  496  Investing Activities  Advance to subsidiary bank  -  (150)  -  Capital transactions with subsidiaries  -  -  (21)  Other, net  2  (1)  2  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  2  (151)  (19)  Financing Activities  Preferred Stock:  Issuances  -  -  394  Cash dividends paid  (23)  (23)  (8)  Common Stock:  Repurchases  (43)  (729)  (199)  Cash dividends paid  (353)  (369)  (375)  Issuances under employee stock plans  28  34  4  Net cash used in financing activities  (391)  (1,087)  (184)  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  705  (384)  293  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  1,105  1,489  1,196  Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  $  1,810  $  1,105  $  1,489  Interest paid  $  41  $  21  $  33   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTE 24 - REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

Revenue from contracts with customers comprises the noninterest income earned by the Corporation in exchange for services  provided  to  customers.  The  following  table  presents  the  composition  of  revenue  from  contracts  with  customers, segregated from other sources of noninterest income, by business segment.

| Commercial  Bank  Retail  Bank  Wealth  Management  Finance &amp;  Other  Total  (in millions)  Year Ended December 31, 2022  Revenue from contracts with customers:  Card fees  $  227  $  42  $  4  $  -  $  273  Fiduciary income  -  -  233  -  233  Service charges on deposit accounts  132  57  6  -  195  Commercial loan servicing fees (a)  18  -  -  -  18  Brokerage fees  -  -  21  -  21  Other noninterest income (b)  7  16  24  1  48  Total revenue from contracts with customers  384  115  288  1  788  Other sources of noninterest income  223  7  10  40  280  Total noninterest income  $  607  $  122  $  298  $  41  $  1,068  Year Ended December 31, 2021  Revenue from contracts with customers:  Card fees  $  250  $  44  $  4  $  -  $  298  Fiduciary income  -  -  231  -  231  Service charges on deposit accounts  136  54  5  -  195  Commercial loan servicing fees (a)  19  -  -  -  19  Brokerage fees  -  -  14  -  14  Other noninterest income (b)  5  17  17  -  39  Total revenue from contracts with customers  410  115  271  -  796  Other sources of noninterest income  253  8  8  58  327  Total noninterest income  663  123  279  58  1,123  Year Ended December 31, 2020  Revenue from contracts with customers:  Card fees  $  229  $  38  $  3  $  -  $  270  Fiduciary income  -  -  209  -  209  Service charges on deposit accounts  128  52  5  -  185  Commercial loan servicing fees (a)  18  -  -  -  18  Brokerage fees  -  -  21  -  21  Other noninterest income (b)  28  10  17  -  55  Total revenue from contracts with customers  403  100  255  -  758  Other sources of noninterest income  152  10  8  73  243  Total noninterest income  $  555  $  110  $  263  $  73  $  1,001   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Included in commercial lending fees on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

(b) Excludes derivative, warrant and other miscellaneous income.

Revenue from contracts with customers did not generate significant contract assets and liabilities.

## NOTE 25 - LEASES

As a lessee, the Corporation has entered into operating leases for the majority of its real estate locations, primarily retail and office space. Total lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

| (in millions)  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Operating lease expense  $  68  $  65  $  64  Variable lease expense  17  15  16  Less sublease income  (1)  (1)  (1)  Total lease expense  $  84  $  79  $  79   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is summarized as follows:

| (dollar amounts in millions)  Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Included in accrued income and other assets  Right-of-use (ROU) assets  $  338  $  317  $  306  Included in accrued expenses and other liabilities  Operating lease liabilities  406  356  344  Weighted average discount rate  3.53 %  3.33 %  3.61 %  Weighted average lease term in years  9  8  8   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is summarized as follows:

(in millions)

| Years Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities  Operating cash flows from operating leases  $  66  $  66  $  65  ROU assets obtained in exchange for new liabilities (a)  80  64  28   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)  Includes  a  $24  million  reduction  to  both  ROU  assets  and  lease  liabilities  for  a  partial  termination  related  to  the  Company's  Texas headquarters for the year ended December 31, 2022.

As of December 31, 2022, the contractual maturities of operating lease liabilities were as follows:

| (in millions)  Years Ending December 31  2023  $  63  2024  69  2025  63  2026  55  2027  45  Thereafter  185  Total contractual maturities  480  Less imputed interest  (74)  Total operating lease liabilities  $  406   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As a lessor, the Corporation leases certain types of manufacturing and warehouse equipment as well as public and private transportation vehicles to its customers. The Corporation recognized lease-related revenue, primarily interest income from sales-type and direct financing leases of $21 million, $12 million and $13 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Corporation's net investment in sales-type and direct financing leases was $659 million and $464 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Comerica Incorporated and Subsidiaries

As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  contractual  maturities  of  sales-type  and  direct  financing  lease  receivables  were  as follows:

| (in millions)  Years Ending December 31  2023  $  101  2024  127  2025  137  2026  71  2027  36  Thereafter  148  Total lease payments receivable  620  Unguaranteed residual values  61  Less deferred interest income  (22)  Total lease receivables (a)  $  659   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Excludes net investment in leveraged leases of $101 million.

## REPORT OF MANAGEMENT

The  management  of  Comerica  Incorporated  (the  Corporation)  is  responsible  for  the  accompanying  consolidated financial statements and all other financial information in this Annual Report. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and include amounts which of necessity are based on management's best estimates and judgments and give due consideration to materiality. The other financial information herein is consistent with that in the consolidated financial statements.

In  meeting  its  responsibility  for  the  reliability  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  management  develops  and maintains effective internal controls, including those over financial reporting, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Corporation's internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to  the  maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Corporation; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures  of  the  Corporation  are  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the Corporation; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Corporation's assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Management assessed, with participation of the Corporation's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  it  relates  to  the  Corporation's  consolidated  financial  statements  presented  in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as of December 31, 2022. The assessment was based on criteria for  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  described  in  Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework  issued  by  the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Based on this assessment, management determined that internal control over financial reporting is effective as it relates to the Corporation's consolidated financial statements presented in conformity  with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as of December 31, 2022.

Because  of  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

The  Corporation's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022  has  been  audited  by  Ernst  &amp; Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their accompanying report.

The Corporation's Board of Directors oversees management's internal control over financial reporting and financial reporting  responsibilities  through  its  Audit  Committee  as  well  as  various  other  committees.  The  Audit  Committee,  which consists of directors who are not officers or employees of the Corporation, meets regularly with management, internal audit and the  independent  public  accountants  to  assure  that  the  Audit  Committee,  management,  internal  auditors  and  the  independent public accountants are carrying out their responsibilities, and to review auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters.

| Curtis C. Farmer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  James J. Herzog  Mauricio A. Ortiz Executive Vice President and  Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  Chief Accounting Officer   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

## To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Comerica Incorporated

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited Comerica Incorporated and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Comerica Incorporated and subsidiaries (the  Corporation)  maintained,  in  all  material  respects,  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes of the Corporation and our report dated February 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The  Corporation's  management  is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  and  for  its assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  included  in  the  accompanying  Report  of Management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing  such  other  procedures  as  we  considered  necessary  in  the  circumstances.  We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that  (1)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts  and expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also, projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become  inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

Dallas, Texas February 14, 2023

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

## To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Comerica Incorporated

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Comerica Incorporated and subsidiaries (the Corporation) as of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  and  the  related  consolidated  statements  of  income,  comprehensive  income,  changes  in shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'consolidated  financial  statements').    In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  financial  position  of  the  Corporation  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  and  the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal  Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Corporation  in  accordance  with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error  or  fraud.    Our  audits  included  performing  procedures  to  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well  as  evaluating  the  overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are  material  to  the  financial  statements  and  (2)  involved  our  especially  challenging,  subjective  or  complex  judgments.  The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Description of the Matter

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

## Allowance for loan losses

The Corporation's loan portfolio and the associated allowance for credit losses (ACL) were $53.4 billion and  $661  million  as  of  December  31,  2022,  respectively.  The  allowance  for  credit  losses  represents management's  estimate  of  expected  credit  losses  over  the  contractual  life  of  the  loan  portfolio  at  the balance sheet date. The allowance for credit losses includes credit loss estimates for loans evaluated on an individual basis, such as for certain nonaccrual loans and collective loss estimates for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics. The Corporation determines the allowance for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics  by  applying  loss  factors  to  amortized  cost  balances  over  the  remaining  contractual  life. Loss factors are based on estimated probability of default, set to a default horizon based on contractual life,  and  loss  given  default.  Through  the  use  of  various  models,  historical  estimates  are  calibrated  to economic forecasts over the reasonable and supportable forecast period based on economic variables that statistically  correlate  with  each  of  the  probability  of  default  and  loss  given  default  pools.  Qualitative adjustments are then made to bring the allowance to the level management believes is appropriate based on factors that have not otherwise been fully accounted for in the quantitative analysis. Examples of these adjustments include 1) foresight risk, 2) input imprecision, and 3) model imprecision.

Auditing management's estimate of the allowance for credit losses involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the highly judgmental nature of the expected loss models and the qualitative adjustments included in  the  ACL.  Management  applies  significant  judgment  when  selecting  the  expected  loss  models  to  be used to determine the allowance and the inputs used in those models as well as in applying qualitative adjustments. These determinations could have a significant effect on the ACL.

We obtained an understanding of the Corporation's process for establishing the ACL, including selection of the models, inputs used in the models, monitoring of the models, and the qualitative adjustments made to  the  ACL.  We  evaluated  the  design  and  tested  the  operating  effectiveness  of  the  controls  over  1) determining the appropriateness of the models used to estimate quantitative components of the ACL, 2) validating the models used to estimate quantitative components of the ACL, 3) selecting the appropriate inputs and assumptions within the models, 4) monitoring of the models including the assessment of the output,  5)  determining  the  appropriateness  of  the  qualitative  reserve  methodology,  including  the identification and the assessment for the need for qualitative adjustments, 6) validating the relevance and reliability of data used  to estimate the various  components  of  the  qualitative  reserves, and  7) management's review and approval of qualitative adjustments and model output.

To test the appropriateness of the models used by management to estimate quantitative components of the ACL, with the support of specialists, we evaluated the model methodology and model performance, and tested  key  modeling  assumptions  used  within  the  models.  To  test  the  qualitative  adjustments,  we evaluated  the  identification  and  measurement  of  the  qualitative  adjustments,  including  the  basis  for concluding an adjustment was warranted when considering the potential impact of foresight risk, input imprecision and model imprecision, evaluated the appropriateness of the data used by the Corporation to estimate  the  qualitative  adjustments,  recalculated  the  analyses  used  by  management  to  determine  the qualitative  adjustments,  and  analyzed  the  changes  in  assumptions  and  components  of  the  qualitative reserves relative to changes in the Corporation's loan portfolio. For example, we evaluated the data and information utilized by management to estimate the qualitative adjustments by independently obtaining and comparing to historical loan data, third-party macroeconomic data, and peer bank data to assess the appropriateness of the information and to consider whether new or contradictory information existed. We also evaluated if qualitative adjustments were based on a comprehensive framework, well-documented, and consistently applied

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1992. Dallas, TX February 14, 2023

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized as of February 14, 2023.

## COMERICA INCORPORATED

By:

/s/ Curtis C. Farmer

Curtis C. Farmer

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities indicated as of February 14, 2023.

| /s/ Curtis C. Farmer  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and  Curtis C. Farmer  Director (Principal Executive Officer)  /s/ James J. Herzog  Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  James J. Herzog  (Principal Financial Officer)  /s/ Mauricio A. Ortiz  Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer  Mauricio A. Ortiz  (Principal Accounting Officer)  /s/ Nancy Avila  Nancy Avila  Director  /s/ Michael E. Collins  Michael E. Collins  Director  /s/ Roger A. Cregg  Roger A. Cregg  Director  /s/ Jacqueline P. Kane  Jacqueline P. Kane  Director  /s/ Richard G. Lindner  Richard G. Lindner  Director  /s/ Barbara R. Smith  Barbara R. Smith  Director  /s/ Robert S. Taubman  Robert S. Taubman  Director  /s/ Reginald M. Turner, Jr.  Reginald M. Turner, Jr.  Director  /s/ Nina G. Vaca  Nina G. Vaca  Director  /s/ Michael G. Van de Ven  Michael G. Van de Ven  Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COMMON STOCK:

Comerica's common stock trades under the symbol CMA on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Subject to approval of the board of directors and applicable regulatory requirements, dividends customarily are paid on a quarterly basis.

## TRANSFER AGENT / REGISTRATION AND SHAREHOLDER ASSISTANCE:

- Inquiries related to shareholder name change, address or ownership of stock, and lost or stolen stock certificates
- Eliminate duplicate mailings received at one address
- Reinvest dividends and invest up to $10,000 each month for the purchase of additional shares
- Direct deposit of dividends

## CONTACT INFORMATION:

Website: computershare.com/investor

Email:     web.queries@computershare.com

Phone:    877.536.3551 or 781.575.3100

## OFFICER CERTIFICATIONS:

On May 11, 2022, Comerica's Chief Executive Officer submitted his annual certification to the New York Stock Exchange stating that he was not aware of any violation by Comerica of the Exchange's corporate governance listing standards. Comerica filed the certifications by its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as exhibits to its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS INFORMATION:

investor.comerica.com InvestorRelations@comerica.com 214.462.6831

## GENERAL INFORMATION:

Directory Services

800.521.1190

Product Information

800.292.1300

## SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

## WRITTEN REQUESTS:

Computershare P.O. Box 43006 Providence, RI 02940-3078

## CERTIFIED/OVERNIGHT MAIL:

Computershare 150 Royall St., Suite 101 Canton, MA 02021

<!-- image -->

## COMERICA CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS

## Comerica Bank Tower 1717 Main Street Dallas, Texas 75201

Follow Us

<!-- image -->