## As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2023

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549

## FORM 20-F

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 Commission file number: 001-14668

## COMPANHIA PARANAENSE DE ENERGIA - COPEL

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Energy Company of Paraná (Translation of Registrant's Name into English)

The Federative Republic of Brazil (Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

Rua José Izidoro Biazetto, 158 - bloco A - 81200-240 Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil (Address of Principal Executive Offices)

Daniel Pimentel Slaviero +55 41 3331 4011 - ri@copel.com

## Rua José Izidoro Biazetto, 158 - bloco A - CEP 81200-240, Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil

(Name, telephone, e-mail and/or facsimile number and address of company contact person)

| Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  Title of Each Class  Trading Symbol(s)  Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered  Common Shares, without par value  N/A  New York Stock Exchange*  Preferred Class B Shares, without par value  N/A  New York Stock Exchange*  American Depositary Shares (as evidenced by American Depositary  Receipts), each representing one Unit consisting of one Common Share  and four Preferred Class B Shares of Companhia Paranaense de Energia -  COPEL  ELP  New York Stock Exchange   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Not for trading, but only in connection with the listing of American Depositary Shares on the New York Stock Exchange.

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the Issuer's classes of capital or common stock as of December 31, 2022: F1

1,054,090,460 Common Shares, without par value 3,128,000 Class A Preferred Shares, without par value

1,679,335,290 Class B Preferred Shares, without par value

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes ☒ No ☐

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act:

Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☐ Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

†The term 'new or revised financial accounting standard' refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5,2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (§ 15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP ☐ IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards ☒ Other ☐

If 'Other' has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

Item 17 ☐ Item 18 ☐

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes ☐ No ☒

## Table of Contents

| Presentation of Financial and Other Information  2 3 3 3 4 4 22 22 27 30 53 62 63 65 66 67 90 90 91 95 96 102 108 108 112 114 115 116 117 119 120 121 122 122 125 126 127 129 133 134 134 140 141 142 148 148 148 148 148 148 148 149 149 149 150 150 151 151  Forward-Looking Statements  Item 1.   Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers  Item 2.   Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable  Item 3.   Key Information  Risk Factors  Item 4.   Information on the Company  The Company  Significant Changes in Our Business  Business  Concessions  Competition  Environment  Plant, Property and Equipment  The Expropriation Process  The Brazilian Electric Power Industry  Item 4A.   Unresolved Staff Comments  Item 5.   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects  Overview  Analysis of Electricity Sales and Cost of Electricity Purchased  Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Item 6.   Directors, Senior Management and Employees  Board of Directors  Board of Executive Officers  Supervisory Board  Audit Committee  Appointment and Evaluation Committee  Investment and Innovation Comittee  Compensation of Directors, Officers, Fiscal Council Members and Audit Committee Members  Employees  Share Ownership  Item 7.   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions  Major Shareholders  Related Party Transactions  Item 8.   Financial Information  Legal Proceedings  Dividend Payment  Item 9.   The Offer and Listing  Item 10.   Additional Information  Memorandum and Articles of Association  Material Contracts  Exchange Controls  Taxation  Documents on Display  Item 11.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  Item 12.   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities  Item 12A.   Debt Securities  Item 12B.   Warrants and Rights  Item 12C.   Other Securities  Item 12D.   American Depositary Shares  Item 13.   Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies  Item 14.   Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds  Item 15.   Control and Procedures  Item 16A.   Audit Committee Financial Expert  Item 16B.   Code of Ethics  Item 16C.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services  Item 16D.   Exemption from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Item 16E.   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers  152  Item 16F.   Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant  152  Item 16G.   Corporate Governance  152  Item 16H.   Mine Safety Disclosure  154  Item 16I.   Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  154  Item 17.   Financial Statements  154  Item 18.   Financial Statements  154  Item 19.   Exhibits  155  Technical Glossary  156  Signatures  161   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION

In  this  annual  report,  we  refer  to  Companhia  Paranaense  de  Energia -Copel,  and,  unless  the  context  otherwise  requires,  its  consolidated  subsidiaries  as  'Copel,'  the 'Company,' 'we' or 'us.'

References to (i) the ' real ,' ' reais ' or 'R$' are to Brazilian reais (plural) and the Brazilian real (singular) and (ii) 'U.S. dollars,' 'dollars' or 'US$' are to United States dollars. We maintain our books and records in reais . Certain figures included in this annual report have been subject to rounding adjustments.

Our audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are included in this annual report. We prepared our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, or 'IFRS,' as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or 'IASB.'

References in this annual report to the 'Common Shares,' 'Class A Shares' and 'Class B Shares' are to our common shares, class A preferred shares, and class B preferred shares, respectively. References to 'Units' are to our units each composed of 1 Common Share and 4 Class B Shares. References to 'American Depositary Shares' or 'ADSs' are to American Depositary Shares, each representing one Unit. Units are listed on 'B3' (the São Paulo Stock Exchange or B3 S.A. - Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão ) and 'Latibex' ( Mercado de Valores Latinoamericanos en Euros ). Units ADSs are listed on 'NYSE' (the New York Stock Exchange).

Certain terms are defined the first time they are used in this annual report. As used herein, all references to 'GW' and 'GWh' are to gigawatts and gigawatt hours, respectively, references to 'kW' and 'kWh' are to kilowatts and kilowatt hours, respectively, references to 'MW' and 'MWh' are to megawatts and megawatt hours, respectively, and references to 'kV' are to kilovolts. These and other technical terms are defined in the 'Technical Glossary'.

## FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This annual report contains forward-looking statements. We may also make written or oral forward-looking statements in our annual report to shareholders, in our offering circulars and prospectuses, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by our officers, directors or employees. These statements are not historical facts and are based on management's current view and estimates of future economic circumstances, industry conditions, company performance and financial results. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts and may be accompanied by words such as 'aim,' 'anticipate,' 'believe,' 'plan,' 'could,' 'would,' 'should,' 'estimate,' 'expect,' 'forecast,' 'future,' 'guidance,' 'intend,' 'may,' 'will,' 'possible,' 'potential,' 'predict,' 'project' or similar words, phrases or expressions, although the absence of any such words or expressions does not mean that a particular statement is not a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events.

Forward-looking  statements  involve  only  the  current  view  of  management  and  are  subject  to  a  number  of  inherent  risks  and  uncertainties.  There  is  no  guarantee  that  the expected events, trends or results will actually occur. We caution you that a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Such factors include, but are not limited to:

- Brazilian political and economic conditions;
- economic conditions in the State of Paraná;
- technical, operational, legal and regulatory conditions related to the provision of electricity services;
- our and the State of Paraná's ability to successfully implement the proposed transaction to disperse our share ownership;
- the outcome of lawsuits against us;
- our ability to obtain financing;
- developments in other emerging market countries;
- changes in, or failure to comply with, governmental regulations;
- competition;
- electricity shortages;
- unfavorable hydrological conditions;
- climate-related developments;
- international economic and political developments;
- the impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic;
- the impact of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and the trade and monetary sanctions that have been imposed in connection with those developments; and
- other factors discussed below under 'Item 3. Key Information-Risk Factors.'

All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement contained in this annual report.

## Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers

Not applicable.

## Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable

Not applicable.

## Item 3. Key Information

The following is a summary of the principal risks we face:

- We are controlled by the State of Paraná, the policies and priorities of which directly affect our operations and may conflict with the interests of our investors.
- Disruptions in the operation of, or deterioration of the quality of, our services could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
- Failures in dams under our responsibility may cause serious damages to the affected communities, to our results and to our reputation.
- Failures in our cybersecurity controls or unauthorized disclosure of information, as well as failure to comply with existing data privacy and data security laws may adversely affect our business and reputation.
- Our governance, compliance and internal controls may fail to prevent breaches of legal, regulatory, ethical or governance standards.
- The rules for electricity trading and market conditions may affect the sale prices of electricity.
- Our business is subject to risks related to our supply chain which may be substantially and adversely affected by internal or external economic, political, social and natural events, such as pandemics, terrorism acts, border disputes and armed conflicts, among others.
- We are uncertain as to the renewal of certain of our generation and transmission concessions.
- Our operating results depend on prevailing hydrological conditions, which have been volatile recently. The impact of water shortages and resulting measures taken by the government to conserve energy may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
- ANEEL could penalize us for failing to comply with the terms of our concessions or with applicable laws and regulations, and we may not recover the full value of our investment in the event that any of our concessions are terminated.
- We are subject to comprehensive regulation of our business, which fundamentally affects our financial performance.
- The Brazilian Government has significant influence over the Brazilian economy. Brazilian economic and political conditions- and investor perception of these conditionshave a direct impact on our operation.

## Risks relating to our Shareholding Structure and the Potential Sale of the State of Paraná's controlling interest

## We are controlled by the State of Paraná, the policies and priorities of which directly affect our operations and may conflict with the interests of our investors.

We are controlled by the State of Paraná, which owns 69.7% of our outstanding common voting shares as of the date of this annual report, and whose interests may differ from other shareholders. As a result, the State of Paraná has the power to control all our operations, including the power to elect the majority of the members of our Board of Directors and to determine the outcome of actions that require the approval of common shareholders, including transactions with related parties and corporate reorganizations. The State of Paraná may use its status as our controlling shareholder to promote its public policies or social objectives and not necessarily to meet the objective of improving our business or operating results. In addition, lawsuits involving the State of Paraná may affect its position as a controlling shareholder and, therefore, may affect our capital structure and price of our securities. We cannot guarantee that our corporate governance policies and structures in place for protection of minority shareholders will be sufficient to fully or effectively address any or all the related risks.

## RISK FACTORS

## The State of Paraná has proposed to sell part of its equity interests in Copel in a public offering of our common shares and units that results in the dispersion of our share ownership. Failure to implement this proposed transaction may adversely impact the price of our securities and prevent us from renewing certain concessions

In November 2022, a new state legislation approved by the State Congress of the State of Paraná (State Law No. 21,272 of November 24, 2022, or 'Copel Disperse Ownership Law') authorized the State of Paraná to sell part of its equity interests in our share capital and to cease to be our controlling shareholder, pursuant to a secondary public offering of our common shares or units, subject to certain conditions established in the Copel Disperse Ownership Law. The State of Paraná has announced its plan to carry out such offering, aiming to reduce its equity interests in our capital stock, but maintaining at least 15% of our total capital stock, and subject to certain amendments to our bylaws to restrict the exercise of voting rights of any shareholder or group of shareholders to 10% our voting capital, resulting in the dispersion of our share ownership, subject to certain conditions. See 'Item 4. Information on the Company-Significant Changes in Our Business-Proposed Dispersion our Share Ownership' for a description of the conditions imposed by the Copel Disperse Ownership Law.

The implementation of the proposed transaction is subject to several risks and uncertainties, including:

- The implementation of the proposed transaction is subject to compliance with all requirements imposed by the Copel Disperse Ownership Law, including the approval of certain amendments to our bylaws, which are subject to the conditions imposed by the Brazilian Corporation or Joint Stock Company (Federal Law no. 6.404 of December 15, 1976).
- The proposed transaction is subject to a number of governmental approvals at the state and federal levels. We cannot guarantee that these approvals will be obtained or the timing for these approvals. Even if these approvals are received, they may be subject to conditions that could adversely impact our operations or that would make the proposed transaction not viable.
- Employees, labor unions, political parties, state and federal prosecutors, civil associations, individuals, minority shareholders, the Federal Government, regulatory agencies and other stakeholders may bring legal proceedings seeking to suspend, delay or prevent the proposed transaction, its financial model, the Copel Disperse Share Ownership Law. If any of these legal proceedings is successful, the proposed transaction may not be implemented or may not be implemented as proposed.
- The State of Paraná is a party to a lawsuit under which the Brazilian financial institution sought to foreclosure our shared held by the State. On April 10, 2023, the parties entered into an agreement to settle this dispute. This liquidation agreement was ratified by the reporting Minister, who referred the process to the approval of the plenary of the Brazilian Supreme Court, with a favorable vote of the majority of the ministers. If there is a judicial questioning of said agreement before the Supreme Court and if there is a change in understanding capable of reversing the agreement ratified in a monocratic manner and final and unappealable, with the approval of the majority of its ministers, the implementation of the proposed transaction to disperse our share capital may have an uncertain impact. See 'Item 3. Key Information-Risk Factors-If the Brazilian Supreme Court does not approve the settlement agreement between the State of Paraná and a Brazilian financial institution that sought to foreclose our shares owned by State of Paraná, our business may be exposed to significant uncertainties'.
- The proposed transaction involves a public offering of our equity securities, subject to market conditions. We cannot guarantee that there will be sufficient demand or that a valuation that is acceptable to the State of Paraná will be obtained.
- Several of our debt financing instruments, including financing agreements with the National Bank for Economic and Social Development ( Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social 'BNDES'), and debt securities we issued contain covenants restricting changes in our control or the implementation of the proposed transaction. To avoid the acceleration of the maturity of this debt financing and debt securities, we will be required to obtain the consent from these creditors or holders of securities to amend these instruments or to waive any potential event of default, which may be subject to the payment of fees. We cannot guarantee that these consents will be obtained; if we fail to obtain the required consents, the proposed transaction may not be implemented, or our entire debt may be accelerated.

- We may to incur significant amount of expenses in connection with the proposed transaction, including fees with advisers, independent auditors and others.
- Under applicable Brazilian rules, if we cease to be a state-controlled company, we will be permitted to renew for 30 years our concessions for certain hydroelectric power plants, including for the hydroelectric power plants Governador Bento Munhoz da Rocha Netto (Foz do Areia), Governador Ney Aminthas de Barros Braga (Segredo) e Governador José Richa (Salto Caxias). The renewal of Foz do Areia, whose term, considering the renegotiation of the GSF, expires on December 21, 2024, under the terms of the legislation, must occur within 12 months before the end of the concession (December 2023), upon payment of an award bonus defined by the granting authority, without having to comply with  certain  burdensome  amendments  required  by  the  2013  Concession  Renewal  Law.  If  the  proposed  transaction  is  not  successful,  we  may  not  be  able  to  renew  some concessions, or would be required to renew under terms that are not beneficial to us. See 'Item 4. Information on the Company-Significant Changes in Our BusinessProposed Dispersion our Share Ownership and Definition of the Concession Granting Bonus for HPP Foz do Areia, HPP Segredo and HPP Salto Caxias '.

We cannot guarantee that the proposed transaction will be successful or that we will cease to be a state-controlled company. If the proposed primary and secondary offering is not successful, the price of our securities may be adversely impacted, and we will not be able to renew our existing concessions for the hydroelectric plants mentioned above, which may adversely impact our business.

## The proposed transaction, if successfully implemented, will result in significant changes in the legal regime applicable to our business and our shareholding structure.

If  the  transaction  proposed  in  the  Copel  Disperse  Ownership  Law  is  implemented,  we  will  no  longer  be  controlled  by  the  State  of  Paraná,  which  may  have  some  adverse consequences:

- The proposed transaction is expected to be implemented as a primary and secondary offering of our equity securities. This will result in the dilution of the existing holders of our equity securities.
- In the absence of a controlling shareholder or controlling group, the minimum quorum required by law for certain decisions at shareholders' meetings may not be reached in respect of certain matters, which could adversely affect our business. We are may also be exposed to shareholder activism, with shareholder groups seeking to cause us to take actions that may not be consistent with our business strategy.
- We may not be able to capture the potential benefits and efficiencies associated with the potential transaction.

## If the proposed transaction is implemented as proposed in the Copel Disperse Ownership Law, our bylaws will be amended to limit the voting rights of all shareholders and ADR holders, which could prevent or delay transactions or changes that holders of our shares or ADRs may favor.

If the transaction proposed in the Copel Disperse Ownership Law is implemented, our bylaws will be amended to prevent concentration of more than 10% of our voting shares in the hands of one or a group of shareholders. This may prevent or create difficulties for our equity holders to influence or implement changes in our business or policies. See 'Item 4. Information on the Company-Significant Changes in Our Business-Proposed Dispersion our Share Ownership'.

The absence of a single controlling shareholder or group of controlling shareholders may create difficulties for our shareholders to approve certain transactions, because, among other things, the minimum quorum required by law for the approval of certain matters may not be reached. Any sudden and unexpected changes in our management, changes in our corporate  policies  or  strategic  direction,  takeover  attempts  or  any  disputes  among  shareholders  regarding  their  respective  rights  may  adversely  affect  our  business  and  results  of operations.

## Risks Relating to Our Company and our Operations

## We are largely dependent upon the economy of the State of Paraná.

The distribution market for most of our sales of electricity is the State of Paraná. Although a more competitive market involving possible sales to customers outside Paraná might develop in the future, our business depends and is expected to continue to depend to a very large extent on the economic conditions of Paraná.

An increase in electricity prices,  combined with poor economic performance in the State of Paraná, could affect the ability of some of our distributions customers to pay amounts owed to us. As of December 31, 2022, our overdue receivables in our distribution concession area with Final Customers were R$526.3 million in the aggregate and our allowance for doubtful accounts related to these receivables was R$132.1 million. See Note 7 to our audited consolidated financial statements.

In addition, in the event of an economic recession combined with high energy prices, the number of our distribution customers connecting illegally to our distribution grid may increase, which would then reduce our revenue from electricity sales to Final Customers. Energy we lose due to illegal connections is considered a commercial loss (non-technical), and we  may  incur  regulatory  penalties  if  our  commercial  losses  exceed  certain  established  regulatory  thresholds  calculated  by  The  Brazilian  Electricity  Regulatory  Agency  ( Agência Nacional de Energia Elétrica 'ANEEL'). If ANEEL determines that we were not efficient in inspecting and controlling the non-technical losses in the distribution grid, the agency may limit the transfer of such losses to the Final Customers.

Legislative  proposals  currently  under  discussion  in  Congress  such  as  Bill  5325/2019  may  change  the  penalties  applicable  to  concessionaires  and  limit  the  inclusion  and collection of non-technical losses in the electricity bill to final consumers to a certain quota. In that scenario, concessionaires will no longer be able to charge final consumers for part of the losses that are considered non-technical (such as illegal connections, measurement errors, among others). The passing of the referred bills could adversely affect our financial results.

## Disruptions in the operation of, or deterioration of the quality of, our services could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We  operate  complex  electricity  generation,  transmission  and  distribution  systems  and  grids,  which  involves  various  risks,  such  as  operational  setbacks  and  unexpected interruptions, caused by accidents, breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, performance below expected levels of availability and efficiency of assets, or disasters (such as explosions,  fires,  natural  phenomena,  landslides,  sabotage,  vandalism,  and  similar  events).  In  addition,  operational  decisions  by  authorities  responsible  for  the  electricity  grid, environment matters, operations and other issues affecting the electricity generation, transmission or distribution could have an adverse effect on the performance and profitability of the operations of our generation, transmission and distribution systems. Our insurance could be insufficient to cover the costs and losses that we may incur as a result of the damages caused to our assets or due to outages.

The revenues that our subsidiaries generate from establishing, operating and maintaining their facilities are related to the availability of equipment and assets, and to the quality of the services (continuity and service in accordance with levels demanded by regulations). Under our concession agreements, we and our subsidiaries are subject to: (i) a reduction of the distributor revenue as a result of the reduction of the so-called 'Portion B' allocation in the revenue calculation formula; (ii) a reduction of the Permitted Annual Revenue - APR ( Receita Anual Permitida , or 'RAP'), for the transmission companies; (iii) the effects of the Availability Factor ( Fator de Disponibilidade , or 'FID') and the offtake guarantee levels for the generation facilities; and (iv) the application of penalties and payment of compensation amounts, depending on the scope, severity and duration of non-availability of the services and equipment. Under Brazilian Law, we are strictly liable for direct and indirect damages resulting from the inadequate supply of electricity such as abrupt interruptions arising from the generation,  transmission  or  distribution  systems.  Therefore,  outages  or  stoppages  in  our  generation,  transmission  and  distribution  facilities,  or  in  substations  or  grids,  may  cause  a material adverse effect on our business, financial situation and results of operations.

At the end of March 2023, during a scheduled stoppage for inspection, an isolated failure was identified in the upper wear ring of the rotor of a turbine in unit 03 of the Foz do Areia plant, which has a physical unit guarantee of approximately 144.8 average MW. Operations in the respective unit have been suspended, awaiting analysis on the cause of failure and an action plan for its repair. Any financial impacts related to non-generation or any reduction in the physical guarantee of the plant will be estimated after the conclusion of the repair.

## The construction, expansion and operation of our transmission and power generation projects involve significant risks that may have an adverse effect on us.

We are involved in various transmission and generation projects, which is subject to the performance obligations of various third parties over which we have no control. In addition, project development is subject to environmental, engineering and construction risks that can lead to cost overruns, delays and other impediments to timely complete a project within the budget. We cannot assure you that we will be able to (i) obtain all required permits and approvals for our projects, (ii) secure private sector partners for any of our projects, or (iii) obtain adequate financing for our projects or that financing will be available on a non-recourse basis to us. If we are unable to complete a project or such project is delayed, this may decrease our expected financial return from the project, which may lead to impairment. Therefore, our costs may increase or we may fail to achieve the revenues planned in connection with such expansion projects, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

## We are subject to risks related to social and environmental impacts of our projects.

The construction and operation of our assets may modify the ecosystem, particularly the natural state of the water resources and of the vegetation of the flooded river basin in the case of Hydroelectric Power Plants. Our projects may cause direct and indirect impacts in the local communities, such as housing displacement. They may affect the economic outputs of the local communities, lead to the loss of cultural identity or increase the demand for government services. In these cases, we may be required to implement specific plans to minimize and mitigate those impacts.

## Failures in dams under our responsibility may cause serious damages to the affected communities, to our results and to our reputation.

Dams are important infrastructures to our business, and are fundamental components of our Hydroelectric Power Plants for the purposes of diking and storing water, accounting for the majority of our energy generation capacity. However, in any dam, there is an intrinsic risk of ruptures caused by different internal and external factors. Therefore, we are subject to the risk of a dam failure that could have repercussions much greater than just the loss of hydroelectric power generation capacity. A dam failure may result in economic, social, regulatory and environmental damages and potential loss of human life in the communities downstream from the dams, which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, operational results and financial conditions.

## We are involved in several lawsuits that could have a material adverse effect on our business if their outcome is unfavorable to us.

We  are  the  defendant  in  several  legal  proceedings,  mainly  relating  to  civil,  administrative,  labor  and  tax  claims.  The  outcome  of  these  proceedings  is  uncertain  and,  if determined against us, may result in obligations that could materially affect our results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, our provisions for probable (more likely than not) and reasonably estimated losses were R$2,037.6 million. For additional information, see 'Item 8. Financial Information-A. Consolidated Financial Information-Legal Proceedings.'

## We are subject to limitations regarding the amount and use of public sector financing, which could prevent us from obtaining financing and implementing our investment program.

Our current budget anticipates capital expenditures for expansion, modernization, research, infrastructure and environmental projects of R$2,182.3 million in 2023. As a statecontrolled company, we are subject to Brazilian Central Bank Resolution no. 4,995/2022, which limits the exposure of financial institutions to public sector entities and imposes an annual global limit of credit available to public sector entities. We currently exempt from the restrictions imposed by this resolution, as we are not a dependent company, we are listed on B3, and our debt instruments are rated investment grade on a domestic level. However, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to satisfy these requirements or that changes in the applicable resolutions will not impose restrictions in our ability to obtain financing.

## Failures in our cybersecurity controls or unauthorized disclosure of information, as well as failure to comply with existing data privacy and data security laws may adversely affect our business and reputation.

We collect, store, process and use various confidential information related to our business and operations. In our ordinary course of business, we also collect and store personal data of our customers in our data centers located at our own premises. We have suffered cyber-attacks in the past leading to the temporary unavailability of part of our systems. Despite our cybersecurity controls, information technology, operation technology and infrastructure, we may be vulnerable to failures whether caused by technical failures, negligence, accident or  cyber-attacks.  Those  failures  may  result  in  disclosure  or  theft  of  sensitive  information,  loss  of  data  integrity,  misappropriation  of  funds  and  disruptions  to  or  interruption  in  our business operations.

In  July  2022,  ANEEL  Normative  Resolution  964/2021  became  effective,  regulating  cyber  security  rules  to  the  energy  industry.  Cyber  security  risks  include  the  risk  of interruption in energy supply and the infeasibility of required technical operations. Despite our efforts, the measures adopted by us to prevent and repair cyber security risks and to comply with the described regulation may not be sufficient or effective and we may be subject to service disruption, loss of clients, or temporarily unavailability of essential services or systems.

We are subject to Brazilian laws and regulations relating to data protection and data privacy, mainly the Brazilian Federal Law No. 13,709/2018 ('Brazilian Data Protection Law,' or 'LGPD') that sets forth the legal framework for the processing of personal data and administrative penalties applicable for non-compliance with LGPD. Violations of this statute and related regulations, including leakage of personal data, could result in individual or collective lawsuits against us, the imposition of fines of up to R$50 million or 2% of the billing of the group in Brazil for infringement, among other civil, administrative and criminal penalties, as well as damage to our reputation, which could have an adverse effect on us and our business, reputation and results of operations.

In  February  2023,  ANPD  Regulation  No.  4,  which  regulates  the  application  of  administrative  penalties  by  Brazil's  National  Data  Protection Authority  (ANPD)  for  noncompliance with LGPD, came into force. The regulation guarantees the proportionality between the severity of the offending agent's conduct and the sanction to be applied, by defining the criteria for non-pecuniary penalty or the amount of the fines, as appropriate. Following the approval of this regulation, the ANPD is expected to start imposing fines and other administrative penalties on companies that fail to comply with the provisions of the LGPD.

## Our governance, compliance and internal controls may fail to prevent breaches of legal, regulatory, ethical or governance standards.

We are subject to breaches of our internal policies and controls relating to anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, securities regulation and related laws and regulations, and to instances of fraudulent behavior, corrupt practices and dishonesty by our directors, officers, employees, contractors or other agents that we may not timely identify or prevent.

Further,  we  have  a  large  number  of  contracts  with  suppliers,  with  wide  distribution  and  outsourcing  of  the  production  chains,  and  we  are  not  able  to  control  all  possible irregularities or to ensure that our selection processes will be sufficient to avoid situations where our suppliers have problems related to compliance with applicable law, sustainability or outsourcing of the production chain under inadequate safety conditions. These risks are increased by the fact that our portfolio includes affiliated companies, such as special purpose companies, some of which we do not hold a controlling interest in.

Although we have an integrity program with timely updates and a process for investigating complaints, our systems may not be effective in all circumstances. Any failure in our capacity to prevent or detect noncompliance with the applicable governance rules or regulatory obligations may cause damages to our reputation or other material adverse effects to our results of operation or financial condition.

The Brazilian Senate is considering Bill 2,896/2022, approved in the House of Representatives in December 2022, whose proposal amends the State Companies Law (Law no. 13,303/2016) to reduce from three years to one month the quarantine for appointment to the Board of Directors and the Executive Board of state-owned and mixed economy companies, applied to a participant in the decision-making structure of a political party or in work linked to organizing, structuring and carrying out an electoral campaign. If approved, this and other changes in the referred law could affect the rules for appointing our officers and board members.

## The rules for electricity trading and market conditions may affect the sale prices of electricity.

We perform trading activities through power purchase and sale agreements, mainly in the unregulated electricity market (Free Market), through our generation and trading companies.

Energy trading is affected by changes in the methodology used to calculate energy price in the short-term ( Preço de Liquidação de Diferenças ,  or 'PLD'). PLD is currently determined by the results of optimization models of operation of the interconnected systems used by the ONS and by Chamber of Commercialization of Electric Energy ( Câmara de Comercialização de Energia Elétrica or 'CCEE'). In such determination, there may be data entry errors or errors in the model, which may lead to an unexpected change of the PLD and possible future republications of the PLD. Any of such events may cause market uncertainty, reduction of liquidity, and financial losses with unexpected price variation. As of January 1, 2021,  the  PLD  is  officially  calculated  for  each  submarket  on  an  hourly  basis,  as  proposed  by  the  Standing  Committee  for  Analysis  of  Methodologies  and  Programs  ( Comissão Permanente para Análise de Metodologias e programas Computacionais do Setor Elétrico or  CPAMP), in accordance with the implementation schedule defined by the Ministry of Mines and Energy ( Ministério de Minas e Energia or 'MME' ) Ordinance No. 301/2019.

Any change in the energy trading rules related to the increase of restrictions for the entry of new consumers in the Free Market may affect our energy trading business.

Also, excess supply of energy in the market, particularly as a result of new energy projects and incentivized renewable energy projects, including distributed generation projects, may cause a decrease in the energy prices and adversely impact our energy business, with the possibility of effects on electricity sales to final customers, electricity sales to distributors and use of the main distribution and transmission grid.

## Our business is subject to risks related to our supply chain which may be substantially and adversely affected by internal or external economic, political, social and natural events, such as pandemics, terrorism acts, border disputes and armed conflicts, among others.

Suppliers, contractors and other third parties may fail to perform existing contracts and obligations, which may unfavorably impact our operations and financial results. Further, being a state-controlled company, we are legally obliged to engage a bidding process for the acquisition of equipment, materials and services, which may not result in the best quality of services, equipment and materials.

The operations of our suppliers and service providers could be substantially and adversely affected by factors and events beyond our control, such as fires, natural disasters, spread of diseases, pandemics, strikes, system failure, terrorist attacks, deforestation, and political or armed conflicts, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, trade sanctions and other similar events, and the developments therein, such as high inflation, volatility in the commodities markets and financial markets, changes in currencies, lack of liquidity in the capital markets, among others. In such a scenario, if the impacted services cannot be replaced or reinstated in the affected region, the supply of electricity to our customers could be impacted or disrupted and our results could be adversely impacted.

## We are subject to climate factors and to uncertainties that may adversely impact our operation and results

Our energy generation, transmission and distribution operations are subject to climatic factors and uncertainties related to severe weather events, mainly cyclones, hurricanes, floods,  droughts  and  fires.  These  events  can  affect  minimum  water  storage  levels  in  hydroelectric  plant  reservoirs  and  lead  to  the  unavailability  of  our  electricity  supply  systems, resulting in penalties by regulatory bodies, consumer complaints, lawsuits, costs for the restoration of systems, in addition to negatively affecting our results.

Further our wind farms operations are subject to climate factors and to uncertainties related to the speed of wind. The authorizations that govern our power generation activities in wind farms set forth certain performance covenants, which require us to generate minimum amounts of energy on annual and four-year bases in accordance with the energy amounts sold in the correspondent auctions. Non-compliance with such covenants may adversely impact our results.

We are  also  subject  to  impacts  of  uncertainties  related  to  climate  change,  such  as  (i)  demand  for  energy;  (ii)  carbon  pricing;  and  (iii)  regulatory  requirements  to  reduce emissions. The potential impacts of such factors are taken into account in business planning and periodically monitored by our Board of Directors.

Our Integrated Risk Management Policy classifies and catergorizes climate change effects that may affect our operations and business strategy, leading us to incur financial costsas follows: (i) Physical climate risks - the possibility of the occurrence of losses caused by events associated with frequent and severe weather events (acute) or long-term environmental changes (chronic), which may be related to changes in weather patterns; and (ii) Transition climate risks - the possibility of the occurrence of losses caused by events associated with the process of transition to a low-carbon economy, in which the emission of greenhouse gases is reduced or offset and the natural mechanisms for capturing these gases are preserved.

In the last few years there have been critical climate events, which lead us to promote research regarding future climate scenarios resulting from global warming in hydraulic generation assets (until 2100) and distribution assets (until 2050). If we fail to properly identify and incorporate the risks associated with climate change into our risk framework, to adequately measure, manage and disclose the various financial and operational risks that may result from climate change, or if we fail to adapt our strategy and business model to a changing regulatory and market environment, we could face a material adverse impact on our business growth rates, competitiveness, profitability, capital requirements and financial condition.

## Failure to comply with ESG guidelines can adversely affect our operations, results and reputation

Our ESG-related practices are evolving and may include commitments to meet standards or deadlines of enhanced social, governance and sustainable practices, as well as to incorporate sustainability into our business. Failure to meet corporate ESG guidelines or commitments could cause us financial and operational losses, and reputational damage.

## We may acquire other companies in the electric sector or new energy concessions, as we already did in the past, which may increase our financial leverage and adversely affect our consolidated performance

We constantly prospect for businesses that are related to our corporate purpose and aligned with our strategic plan. To expand our business, we may participate in auctions for the construction and operation of new power generation and transmission ventures, as well as invest in other companies from the energy sector, as we have done in the past. These acquisitions can increase our financial leverage or reduce our profits. In addition, the integration of the new businesses may not result in the synergy we expect in terms of efficiency gains and economies of scale for our operations, which may adversely affect our operational and financial performance.

## Labor disputes may disrupt our operations from time to time

Our employees are represented by unions. Disagreements regarding issues related to divestitures, changes to our business strategy, and reductions in the professional staff may lead to employee reactions. Strikes, work interruptions, or other forms of protests in any of our major suppliers or contractors or at their facilities may undermine our ability to complete relevant projects on time, negatively impacting our results of operations, and affect our ability to achieve long-term strategic goals.

Our shares held by the State of Parana were granted as collateral in a lawsuit between the State of Parana and a Brazilian financial institution, and the release of these shares is subject to the conclusion of the voting session of the full court of the Brazilian Supreme Court that analyses a settlement agreement between the parties, which has been approved by the reporting Justice and received favorable votes by the majority of the Justices.

The State of Paraná is a party to a longstanding litigation where a Brazilian financial institution sought to foreclose our shares owned by the State of Paraná. On April 10, 2023, the financial institution and the State of Paraná entered into an agreement to settle this dispute. This settlement agreement was ratified by the reporting Justice, who forwarded the process for approval to the full court of the Supreme Court. There is already a favorable vote of the majority of the Justices, If there is a change of understanding in the Supreme Court, capable  of  reversing  the  ratified  agreement,  with  the  approval  of  the  majority  of  its  Justices,  the  implementation  of  the  proposed  transaction  to  disperse  our  share  capital  may  be impacted.

## Risks Relating to the Brazilian Electricity Sector and Other Sectors that We Operate

## We are uncertain as to the renewal of certain of our generation and transmission concessions.

Under Federal Law No. 12,783/2013, or the '2013 Concession Renewal Law,' we may only renew our concessions that were in effect as of 1995 (and, in the case of generation facilities, generation concession contracts entered into prior to 2003) for an additional 30-year period (or an additional 20-year period in the case of thermal plants), if we agree to amend the terms of the concession contract to reflect certain new terms and conditions imposed by the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, which vary depending on whether the concession is for generation, transmission or distribution. If we do not agree to amend the concession contract to reflect these new conditions, the concession contract cannot be renewed and will be subject to a competitive bidding process upon its expiration, which we might not win. If we do not renew our generation and transmission concessions or if they are renewed under less favorable conditions, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. For more information, see 'Item 4. Information on the Company-The Brazilian Electric Power Industry-Concessions.'

Under the Decree No. 9,271 of January 25, 2018, as amended, generation concessions may be renewed for an additional 30-year period, upon authorization by the granting authority  and  payment  of  an  award  bonus,  if  the  state-controlled  concessionaire  is  privatized.  So,  if  we  cease  to  be  a  state-controlled  company,  we  will  be  permitted  to  renew  our concessions for certain hydroelectric power plants, particularly for HPPs Foz do Areia, Segredo, and Salto Caxias, which are expected to expire in 2024, 2032 and 2033, respectively. In this context, we are currently evaluating capital raising alternatives aiming for payment of this award bonus, including a primary offering of our equity securities. However, we cannot guarantee that the proposed dispersion of our share ownership will be successful or that we will be able to obtain funds for renewing these concessions, which may have a material and adverse impact in our business.

## Our operating results depend on prevailing hydrological conditions, which have been volatile recently. The impact of water shortages and resulting measures taken by the government to conserve energy may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We  are  dependent  on  the  prevailing  hydrological  conditions  throughout  Brazil  and  in  the  geographic  region  in  which  we  operate.  According  to  data  from  ANEEL, approximately 53.9% of Brazil's installed capacity currently comes from hydroelectric generation facilities. Hydrological conditions in our region, and Brazil in general, are frequently subject to changes because of non-cyclical deviations in average rainfall.

In previous periods of low rainfall, the Brazilian government reacted to poor hydrological conditions by seeking to reduce the consumption of electricity by Final Customers by several means, from general campaigns to reduce energy consumption to rationing programs. The effect of campaigns to reduce energy consumption is not predictable, making it difficult for our distribution business to accurately estimate the volume of energy it needs to purchase for sale to Final Customers. In case of mandatory rationing program, our distribution business would be adversely affected because its revenues are partially based on the volume of electricity it provides through our distribution grid to Final Customers.

With respect to our generation business, in order to compensate for poor hydrological conditions and to maintain adequate water levels in reservoirs, the ONS may order the reduction  of  generation  from  Hydroelectric  Power  Plants,  which  would  be  partially  compensated  by  increased  generation  by  Thermoelectric  Plants.  This  mechanism  for  replacing hydroelectric production with thermoelectric production may not provide all of the energy we need to fulfill our obligations under existing energy supply contracts. To compensate for this deficit, our generation business can be required to purchase energy in the Spot Market, typically at higher prices, and we would not be able to pass on these increased costs. This mechanism impacts all generation companies in Brazil regardless of whether the geographical region in which a specific generator is located is experiencing low rainfall and could have a material adverse effect on our generation business.

In addition, in an extreme scenario, given the increased presence of thermal generation in the national electric matrix, if a shortage of natural gas were to occur, this would increase the general demand for hydroelectric energy in the market and therefore increase the risk that a rationing program would be instated.

Regarding our energy trading business, the effect of volatility in hydrological conditions is the increase of the variation of energy price, which in turn increases the Spot Market volatility, thus affecting our operating results. Spot price (PLD) is determined by the results of optimization models of operation of the interconnected systems used by the ONS and by CCEE. The energy average prices in the short term ('spot') are calculated by CCEE every hour and are set for each region.

When there is great availability of hydrological resources, the spot price tends to remain at lower levels, which may not be enough to (i) cover the generation costs of this very same energy (when related to our generation business) and (ii) cover the cost of the power purchase and sale agreement in our energy trading business. In this scenario, long-term energy prices  may  also  be  impacted  and  remain  at  lower  levels,  which  may  reduce  our  margins  or  not  be  enough  to  cover  the  generation  costs  of  this  very  same  energy.  Conversely,  if hydrological availability is affected, spot prices tend to increase significantly, in addition to occasionally impacting the Generation Scaling Factor ('GSF'), which may adversely impact our costs of energy purchases, as the price set forth in power purchase and sale agreements may not be sufficient.

## ANEEL could penalize us for failing to comply with the terms of our concessions or with applicable laws and regulations, and we may not recover the full value of our investment in the event that any of our concessions are terminated.

Our concessions are for terms of 20 to 35 years and may be extended if certain conditions are met. In the event that we fail to comply with any term of our concessions or applicable law or regulation, ANEEL may impose penalties on us, which may include warnings, the imposition of potentially substantial fines and restrictions on our operations, among others. ANEEL may also terminate our concessions prior to the expiration of their terms if we fail to comply with their provisions or if they determine that terminating our concessions would be in the public interest, through a forfeiture or expropriation proceeding. In particular, our renewed distribution concession agreement contains both quality and financial metrics that become more restrictive over time, and that we must meet to ensure that our distribution concession agreement is not terminated. If ANEEL terminates any of our concessions before its expiration, we would not be able to operate the segment(s) of our business that had been authorized by the concession. Furthermore, any compensation that we may receive from the Brazilian government for the unamortized portion of our investment may not be sufficient for us to recover the full value of our investment. The early termination or non-renewal of any of our concessions or the imposition of severe fines or penalties by ANEEL could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See 'Item 4. Information on the Company-The Brazilian Electric Power Industry-Concessions.'

## We are subject to comprehensive regulation of our business, which fundamentally affects our financial performance.

Our business is subject to extensive regulation by various Brazilian legal and regulatory authorities, particularly the MME and ANEEL, which regulate and oversee various aspects of our business and approve our tariffs. Changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations, which have occurred in the past, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

For example, the tariffs that we charge for sale of electricity to Captive Customers are determined pursuant to a concession agreement with the Brazilian government through ANEEL. The tariff rates we charge our customers are determined pursuant to a concession agreement and in accordance with ANEEL's regulation. In addition, ANEEL's decisions relating to our tariffs may be contested by public authorities or by our customers. Administrative and judicial decisions resulting from these challenges may modify ANEEL's decisions in a manner that is unfavorable to us, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

If any further regulations or new laws are passed by the Brazilian government to lower electricity prices, these new laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

## Certain customers in our distribution concession area may cease to purchase energy from our distribution business.

Our  distribution  business  generates  a  large  portion  of  its  revenues  by  selling  energy  that  it  purchases  from  generation  companies.  Large  electricity  customers  within  the geographic area of our concession that meet certain regulatory requirements may qualify as free customers ('Free Customers'). A Free Customer in our distribution concession area is entitled to purchase energy directly from generation and energy trading companies rather than through our distribution business, in which case that Free Customer would cease to pay our distribution business for that energy that we previously supplied.

In  addition,  ANEEL  has  issued  regulations  related  to  micro  and  mini  distributed  generation,  which  facilitates  the  purchase  or  lease  of  power  generation  equipment  by customers, especially solar photovoltaic modules, to produce energy for their own consumption. Such regulation was revised following the adoption of a new legal framework for distributed generation in Brazil (Federal Law No. 14,300/2022). The legislation was recently regulated by ANEEL' s Normative Resolution No. 1059/2023.

If the number of customers with micro and mini distributed generation within the geographic area of our concession increases, our revenues and results of operations could also be adversely affected.

## We generate a portion of our operating revenues from Free Customers who may seek other energy suppliers upon the expiration of their contracts with us.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,491 Free Customers, representing approximately 10.4% of our consolidated operating revenues and approximately 16.7% of the total volume of electricity sold by us. As of December 31, 2022, our energy trading company had 1,490 Free Customers, representing approximately 10.4% of our consolidated operating revenues and approximately 16.7% of the total volume of electricity we sold in 2022. Copel GeT had 1 Free Costumer on December 31, 2022. The volume of electricity sold to Free Costumers in 2022 was not significant to the consolidated operating revenues of Copel GeT. Such Free Customers may seek other energy suppliers upon the expiration of their contracts with us. Additionally, it is possible that our large industrial clients could be authorized by ANEEL to generate electric energy for their own consumption or sale to other parties, in which case they may obtain an authorization or concession for the generation of electric power in a given area, which could adversely affect our results of operations.

## We may be forced to purchase or sell energy in the Spot Market at higher or lower prices and we may not be entitled to pass on any increased costs or incurred losses to our Final Customers in a timely manner, or at all.

Under the New Industry Model Law, electric energy distributors, including us, must contract, through public bids conducted by ANEEL, 100% of the forecasted electric energy demand for their respective distribution concession areas. The auctions in which the distributors are allowed to purchase energy are held up to seven years prior to the actual delivery of electric energy. We cannot guarantee that our forecasts for energy demand in our distribution concession area will be accurate. If our forecasts fall short of actual electricity demand, or if we are unable to purchase energy through the regulated market due to lack of energy supply in the market, or if a generation company fails to deliver energy that was previously contracted, we may be forced to make up for the shortfall by entering into short-term agreements to purchase electricity in the Spot Market where we may pay significantly more for energy without being able to pass on these increased costs to our Final Customers. In addition, if we underestimate our distribution energy needs, we may be subject to penalties imposed by the CCEE. Moreover, if our forecasts surpass actual demand by more than the allowed margin (105% of actual demand), including where demand is depressed due to government campaigns in response to poor hydrological conditions or due to reduced economic activity, we may not be able to pass on to our Final Customers the cost of the excess energy that we acquire.

## We are subject to a counterparty's credit risk in agreements entered into with Copel Comercialização (Copel Mercado Livre) and in case of default, we may have to sell or purchase energy at a different base price.

Copel Comercialização is subject to a counterparty's credit risk. When Copel Comercialização sells energy, the counterparties to power purchase agreements may default on their  contractual  obligations,  which  may  cause  Copel  Comercialização to sell energy at a different base price. In cases where we purchase energy, whether from energy generation projects, in operation or under construction, or even from energy trading, the selling counterparties may also default on the relevant contracts, and, consequently, Copel Comercialização may have to  buy  energy  at  a  different  base  price  and  be  subject  to  regulatory  penalties  imposed  by  CCEE  due  to  insufficient  contractual  guarantees.  Our  credit  analyses  and  the guarantees or collateral provided by our counterparties in connection with the power purchase and sale agreements may not be sufficient to cover losses we suffer if our counterparties fail to comply with their payment obligation or with their obligation to deliver energy, which may adversely affect our results.

## We are subject to the risk of exchange rate variation in connection with energy and import and sale of natural gas.

Our subsidiary Copel Comercialização (Copel Mercado Livre ) has obtained authorization from the Ministry of Mines and Energy ('MME') to import energy from Argentina and Uruguay. In addition, Copel Comercialização has authorizations granted by the National Agency of Petroleum, Natural Gas and Biofuels (ANP) for the activities of (i) loading of natural gas; (ii) commercialization of natural gas; (iii) foreign trade agent. In this sense, we will be exposed to exchange rate fluctuation in connection with any such energy import, as well as risk of exchange rate variation for the natural gas market, considering that part of these transactions may be carried out in foreign currencies.

## We are subject to unrealized losses or net gains arising out from the mark-to-market of the purchase and sale of energy contracts, which may expose us to the risk of future energy prices.

Our subsidiary Copel Comercialização (Copel Mercado Livre) negotiates energy purchase and sale transactions, and part of these trades are classified as derivative financial instruments measured at fair value through its results. Unrealized net losses or gains resulting from the mark-to-market of these contracts (difference between contracted prices and market prices) are recognized in the results of the fiscal year. This activity may expose our results to the fluctuations of future energy prices.

## Our equipment, facilities and operations are subject to numerous environmental and health regulations, which may become more stringent in the future and may result in increased liabilities and increased capital expenditures.

Our distribution,  transmission  and  generation  activities  are  subject  to  comprehensive  federal,  state  and  local  legislation,  as  well  as  supervision  by  Brazilian  governmental agencies that are responsible for the implementation of environmental and health laws and policies. These agencies could take enforcement action against us for our failure to comply with their regulations and with requirements established for the maintenance of our environmental licenses. These actions could result in, among other things, the imposition of fines, embargoes and revocation of licenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. It is also possible that enhanced environmental and health regulations will force us to allocate capital towards compliance, and consequently, divert funds away from planned investments. Such a diversion could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

## We are strictly liable for any damages resulting from inadequate provision of electricity services and our insurance policies may not fully cover such damages.

We are strictly liable under Brazilian law for damages resulting from the inadequate provision of electricity distribution services. In addition, our distribution, transmission and generation utilities may be held liable for damages caused to others as a result of interruptions or disturbances arising from the Brazilian generation, transmission or distribution systems, whenever these interruptions or disturbances are not attributed to an identifiable member of ONS. We cannot assure you that our insurance policies will fully cover damages resulting from inadequate rendering of electricity services, which may have an adverse effect on us.

## We control Compagas, a company that operates a gas distribution business, and we are consequently exposed to risks inherent to this sector.

We control  a  business  in  the  gas  distribution  sector,  which  is  operated  by  Companhia  Paranaense  de  Gás  -  'Compagas.'  This  company  is  entitled  to  exclusive  rights  to distribute piped gas in the State of Paraná. The users are Thermoelectric Plants, cogeneration plants, gas stations, among other companies and residential consumers (captive consumers).

Businesses in the gas distribution sector are subject to a broad set of risks inherent to its operation, including among the main ones:

- Regulatory instability,
- Shortage of natural gas,
- Depending on a single supplier in Brazil,
- Operational failures and accidents in distribution,
- Performance of outsourced service providers,
- Changes in federal and state legislation, in particular due the opening of the gas market and consequent increase in competition, and
- Alternative energy sources.

As a result of these uncertainties, there is no guarantee that the purposes of our gas distribution business will be achieved, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and our business.

## We cannot assure the speed of our innovation capacity and our responses in view of the changes the energy sector has been going through as a result of technology advances.

The electric energy sector has been going through changes driven by (i) the decentralization of the power generation systems; (ii) advances in energy storage technologies; (iii) dissemination of digital technologies that improve the efficiency of energy generation, transmission and consumption; (iv) increase of renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar energy; and (v) a tendency of reducing carbon footprints in the energy system, as part of the global efforts to mitigate the effects of climate change. These changes present many challenges  and  we  may  not  be  able  to  keep  up  with  the  effects  of  the  increasing  adoption  of  digital  technologies  in  the  electric  energy  sector  and  the  significant  potential  of  new technology solutions (both with respect to the improvement of processes and services provided to consumers and with respect to the development of new products that may lead to higher productivity gains, more affordable prices, higher competition and the creation of new markets). Investments in research and development may contribute to mitigate the risks related to the transformations of the energy sector and create new opportunities.

## We are the controlling shareholder of a thermoelectric power plant in the process of divestment

We own 81.2% of UEG Araucária S.A. (UEGA), an entity that operates the Araucária Thermoelectric Plant (UTE Araucária - 484 MW), which is available to the National Electric System (SIN) to operate in the 'merchant mode,' a request for dispatch from the National System Operator (ONS). A plant operating in the merchant mode has no long-term contract and depends on ONS' decision to operate, which, in turn, considers technical, mainly hydrological, and price aspects to decide for the dispatch of the Araucária TPP. Thus, the plant's operation is highly dependent on the conditions of the Brazilian energy market, especially hydrological conditions. In 2021 the plant sold 2,196 GWh of energy, while in 2022 the plant sold 238 GWh of energy. There is no assurance that the plant will operate in this or the next years, which may adversely affect UEGA's results.

In November 2022, our board of directors requested studies for a potential disinvestment of our ownership interest in UEGA, and the potential disinvestment is inserted in the process of decarbonization of our generation matrix, according to our Strategic Planning - Vision 2030. We hold a direct and indirect interest of 81.2% in the total and voting capital stock of the company and have announced the intention to sell our participation jointly with our partner, Petróleos Brasileiros S.A. (Petrobras), which holds the remaining 18.8% of the shares. In February 2023, we entered the non-binding proposal phase relating to the sale of all shares in UEGA. We cannot assure you that we will be able to divest from UEGA. The failure to divest from UEGA or the terms of the divestment may diversely impact our financial results and our ability to implement the decarbonization of our generation matrix.

## We cannot guarantee that the decarbonization process of our generation matrix will be implemented according to our Strategic Planning - Vision 2030

We cannot guarantee that the process of decarbonization of our generation portfolio involving the divestment of: (i) UEGA; (ii) the concession of UTE Figueira, which has already gone through  a  modernization  process  to  improve  its  energy  efficiency  and  the  reduction  of  atmospheric  emissions  of  pollutants;  and  (iii)  Compagas,  which  operates  a  gas  distribution business will be successfully implemented, and that we will be able to meet the goals in our Strategic Planning - Vision 2030, which could impact our business and financial results.

## Risks Relating to Brazil

## The Brazilian Government has significant influence over the Brazilian economy. Brazilian economic and political conditions- and investor perception of these conditions- have a direct impact on our operation.

Historically, the country's political situation has influenced the performance of the Brazilian economy, and political crises have affected the confidence of investors and the public, which resulted in economic deceleration, the downgrading of credit ratings of the Brazilian government and Brazilian issuers, and heightened volatility in the securities issued abroad by Brazilian companies.

Additionally, the Brazilian government has exercised, and continues to exercise, significant influence over the Brazilian economy and often changes monetary, fiscal, credit, exchange and other policies to influence Brazil's economy. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by changes in government policies, as well as other factors including, without limitation:

- exchange rate movements and volatility;
- inflation and changes in interest rates;
- exchange control policies;
- fiscal policy and changes in tax laws;
- other political, diplomatic, social and economic developments that may affect Brazil or the international markets;
- controls on capital flows; and/or
- limitation on foreign trade.

In the last few years, Brazil faced adverse fiscal developments and political instability. Brazilian GDP grew by 2.9% in 2022, grew by 5.0% in 2021 and decreased by 4.1% in 2020. Unemployment rate was 9.3% in 2022, 11.1% in 2021 and 13.5% in 2020. Inflation, as reported by the consumer price index (IPCA), was 5.79% in 2022, 10.06% in 2021 and 4.52% in 2020. The Brazilian Central Bank's base interest rate (SELIC) was 13.75% on December 31, 2022, 9.25% on December 31, 2021 and 2.0% on December 31, 2020. Considering the accumulated amount for the first three months of 2023, the SELIC rate was 3.21%. Future economic, social and political developments in Brazil may impair our business, financial condition or results of operations, or cause the market value of our securities to decline.

Changes in, or uncertainties regarding the implementation of, the policies above, might generate or contribute to uncertainties in the Brazilian economy. This would increase the volatility of the domestic capital market and the value of Brazilian securities traded abroad, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Moreover, taking into account the Brazilian presidential system of government, and the considerable influence of the executive power, it is not possible to predict whether the present government have an adverse effect on the Brazilian economy, and consequently on our business.

## Political, economic and social events, as well as the perception of risk in Brazil, may affect the market prices of securities in Brazil, including our equity securities.

The Brazilian securities market is influenced by political economic and market conditions in Brazil.

Following  the  results  of  the  presidential  elections  held  in  Brazil  in  October  2022,  there  were  public  demonstrations  and  protests.  On  January  8,  2023,  protesters  stormed government buildings in Brasilia, the country's capital, including the Congress, the Brazilian Supreme Court ( Supremo Tribunal Federal , or 'STF') and the Presidential Palace, which prompted the STF to order participants and certain politicians to be imprisoned and resulted in new investigations. Such events raised concerns in the market about the social and political risks in Brazil. Concurrently, there were vandalism acts affecting transmission towers operated by other Brazilian companies. In March 2023, there were vandalism acts against public and private buldings, public transport and public vehicles in the State of Rio Grande do Norte. We were not directly affected by such acts and demonstrations but similar events could adversely affect our business and operations.

Recent events in 2023 in the Brazilian capital market related to the accounting records identified in the financial statements of the retail sector led investors and lenders to be more cautious and selective in granting credit,  widened banking spreads, and reduced investors' confidence in Brazilian companies. Such events may adversely affect the price of Brazilian companies' securities and the restrict the availability of credit in the Brazilian market, which may adversely affect us and our counterparties, suppliers, service providers and business partners.

The Brazilian Senate is considering Bill 2,896/2022, approved in the House of Representatives in December 2022, whose proposal amends the State Companies Law (Law no. 13,306/2016)  and  reduces,  from  three  years  to  one  month,  the  quarantine  for  appointment  to  the  Board  of  Directors  and  the  Executive  Board  of  state-owned  and  mixed  economy companies, applied to a participant in the decision-making structure of a political party or in work linked to organizing, structuring and carrying out an electoral campaign. If approved, this and other changes in the referred law could affect the rules for appointing officers and board members.

## Inflation and governmental measures to curb inflation, particularly increases in interest rates, may contribute to economic uncertainty in Brazil, and could reduce our margins, results and the market price of the ADSs.

Brazil has in the past experienced extremely high rates of inflation. Brazil's annual inflation rate, measured in accordance with the variation of the Índice Geral de Preços Disponibilidade Interna ('IGP-DI') index, were 5.03% in the year 2022, 17.7% in the year 2021 and 23.1% in the year 2020. The Brazilian government has in the past taken measures to combat inflation, such as raising the basic Selic interest rate to elevated levels, and public speculation about possible future government actions has had significant negative effects on the Brazilian  economy.  Although  our  concession  contracts  provide  for  annual  adjustments  based  on  inflation  indexes,  if  Brazil  experiences  substantial  inflation  in  the  future,  and  the Brazilian government adopts inflation control policies similar to those adopted in the past, our costs may increase faster than our revenues, our operating and net margins may decrease and, if investor confidence lags, the price of the ADSs may fall. As a significant part of our debt is subject to the CDI rate or to inflation adjustment based on the IPCA index, any increase in inflation or interest rates results in an increase in our financial expenses. Higher interest rates also adversely impact the terms of our new financings. Inflationary pressures may also curtail our ability to access foreign financial markets and could lead to further government intervention in the economy, including the introduction of government policies that may adversely affect the overall performance of the Brazilian economy.

## Negative developments in other countries, especially those in the United States and in developing countries, may negatively impact foreign investment in Brazil and the country's economic growth.

The perception of risk in other countries, including the United States, China, the European Union and emerging countries such as Russia may also adversely impact the price of our equity securities. Investors' reaction to events in other countries may have a material adverse effect on the market value of Brazilian securities, especially those listed on the stock exchange. Crises in the United States, China, the European Union or emerging countries may reduce investor interest in Brazilian companies, including us. The crises involving regional banks in  the  Unites  States  in  early  March  2023  contributed  to  lowering  the  expectation  for  growth  in  the  economic  activity  in  the  United  States,  with  potential  effects  over  other economies, including the Brazilian economy. For example, the prices of stocks listed on the B3 have historically been affected by fluctuations in U.S. interest rates, as well as by variations in the main U.S. stock indexes. Events in other countries and capital markets may adversely affect the market price of our shares to the extent that they may in the future hinder or prevent access to capital markets and financing of investments on acceptable terms.

International investors generally consider Brazil to be an emerging market. Historically, adverse developments in the economies of emerging markets have resulted in investors' perception of greater risk from investments in such markets. Such perceptions regarding emerging market countries have significantly affected the market value of securities of Brazilian issuers.  Furthermore,  although  economic  conditions  are  different  in  each  country,  investors'  reactions  to  developments  in  one  country  can  impact  the  prices  of  securities  in  other countries, including those in Brazil, and this may diminish investors' interest in securities of Brazilian issuers, including ours.

## Geopolitical risks external to the market in which we operate and military hostilities, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, as well as economic sanctions imposed as a result of such conflicts, may adversely impact our business.

We are subject to external risks related to our operations and to our supply chain. Global markets are experiencing volatility following the escalation of geopolitical tensions, in particular in connection with the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Economic sanctions imposed by the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and other countries as a direct consequence of this conflict may impact supply chains, lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and in the global financial system, including through credit and capital markets instability. These factors could adversely impact our business and increase our costs and expenses and consequently impact our financial condition or results of operations.

The escalation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict may increase geopolitical tensions around the world and cause further disruption to international trade, industrial supply chains and  transport,  increase  market  price  volatility,  with  particular  impact  on  the  energy  sector,  as  well  as  raise  regulatory  and  contractual  uncertainty,  which  may  adversely  affect  our business.

## Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by epidemics, natural disasters and other catastrophes impacting Brazilian biodiversity, society and economy.

Since the outbreak of COVID-19, we have taken steps and implemented health and safety policies and protocols with the goal to mitigate the effects and protect our employees, businesses and communities around our operations from the threats posed by the pandemic.

The outbreak of new epidemics, natural disasters and other catastrophes, such as the outbreak of COVID-19, on a regional or global scale, may result, at different levels, result in drop in consumption in the commercial and industrial segments, as well as sporadic volatility in the international and/or Brazilian markets, the adoption of governmental and private measures, including restrictions, as a whole or in part, on the circulation and transportation of persons, goods and services and consequently, in the total or partial closure of private establishments and public offices, interruptions to the supply chain, and increased intervention in economies.

These events may have a negative and significant effect on the world economy and on Brazil's economy, and include or may include reduction in the level of economic activity; currency devaluation and volatility; increase in the fiscal deficit and public investment constraints; delays in judicial, arbitral and/or administrative proceedings; imposition, even if only temporarily, of a more onerous tax treatment of our business activities; decrease in the liquidity available in the international and/or Brazilian market; and volatility in the price of raw materials and other inputs, among other effects.

The occurrence of any of these events and their duration may impact the liquidity and market value of our shares and Units and generate negative impacts on the business. We cannot guarantee that regional and/or global outbreaks of communicable diseases will not occur, and if they do occur, we cannot assure that we will be able to prevent a negative impact on our business, operations and financial results.

## Fluctuations in currency exchange rates and the devaluation of the real may adversely affect our net income and cash flow.

The Brazilian currency has been devalued periodically in the past in relation to the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies. As of December 31, 2021, the Real vs. U.S. dollar exchange rate was R$5.58 to US$1.00, depreciating 7.51% against the U.S. Dollar, compared to December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Real vs. U.S. dollar exchange rate was R$5.22 to US$1.00, depreciating 6.45% against the U.S. Dollar, compared to December 31, 2021. As of April 03, 2023, the Real vs.  U.S.  dollar  exchange rate was R$5.06 to US$1.00, which represents a 3.07% decrease as compared to the selling rate of R$5.22 to US$1.00 on December 31, 2022. Depreciation of the Real increases the cost of purchasing electricity from the Itaipu - a hydroelectric facility, one of our major suppliers, which adjusts its electricity prices based in part on its U.S. dollar costs. Indeed, depreciation generally curtails access to international capital markets and may prompt government intervention. It also reduces the U.S. dollar value of our dividends and the U.S. dollar equivalent of the market price of our ADSs.

## Changes in Brazilian tax policies may have an adverse effect on us and our shareholders.

The Brazilian government has in the past changed its tax policies in ways that affected the electricity sector, and it may do so again in the future. These changes include increases in the tax rates affecting energy companies and, occasionally, the collection of temporary taxes related to specific governmental purposes. If we are unable to adjust our tariffs accordingly, we may be adversely affected.

The Brazilian Government is discussing potential proposals of tax reform aiming at: (a) imposing dividends taxation; and (b) altering indirect taxation, especially regarding the creation of Value Added Tax centralizing and replacing certain taxes on consumption (e.g., PIS and COFINS contributions, IPI, ICMS and ISS). We formalized a work group to assess the impacts and risks that this change may have on our financial results. The group concluded that the impacts for us will likely be low, considering that the market in which we operate has regulated tariffs and bilateral contracts, which are expected to rebalance prices in the event of new taxes. However, we estimate CBS could lead to a tariff increase for the Final Customers of our distribution concession, due to the increase in the tax rate. Our shareholders could also be affected, in case of higher taxation of dividends.

In February 2023, the STF issued a decision recognizing the possibility of reverting final and unappealable decisions issued by Brazilian courts on tax matters, in case the STF subsequently changes its interpretation with respect to such matters. Although the impact of such decision is not material to our business, the issuance of similar court rulings with immediate effects on tax matters decided in final and unappealable decisions may impact our business in the future. This may expose us to immediate obligations to pay taxes in case the STF changes its positions on tax matters involving our business.

## Risks Relating to the Units ADSs

## ADSs holders may not have all the rights of our shareholders, and may be unable to exercise voting rights or preemptive rights relating to the shares underlying their Units.

Our bylaws provide for the issuance of Units, each consisting of four Preferred Class B Shares and one Common Share. A holder of Units has the right to request, at any time, the cancellation of the Units and the consequent delivery of the respective deposited shares to the depositary financial institution, in compliance with the terms, rules and procedures established by our Board of Directors.

Holders of Preferred Shares do not have the same voting rights attributed to holders of Common Shares by Brazilian law or our bylaws, and thus only the 1 Common Share in each Unit that underlie ADSs has full voting rights. Moreover, the rights of ADS holders may be subject to certain limitations provided in the deposit agreement or by the securities intermediaries through which ADS holders hold their securities.

- Although ADS holders are permitted to vote at shareholders' meetings, there are procedural steps involved in the process that create practical limitations on the ability of ADS holders to vote. In the case of adoption of multiple voting for election of members of the Board of Directors, holders of ADSs may not have the same rights and may not be subject to the same rules as holders of common shares or units in the Brazilian securities market In accordance with the Deposit Agreement, we will provide the notice to the Depositary, which will in turn mail to holders of ADSs the notice of such meeting and a statement as to the manner in which instructions may be given by holders. To  exercise  their  voting  rights,  ADS  holders  must  then  instruct  the  Depositary  how  to  vote  their  shares.  Because  of  this  extra  procedural  step  involving  the Depositary, the process for exercising voting rights will take longer for ADS holders than for direct holders of Class B Shares or Common Shares. ADSs for which the Depositary does not receive timely voting instructions will not be voted.
- The holders of the Common Shares, Class B Shares or Units may have fewer and less well-defined rights to protect your interests in connection with actions taken by our Board of Directors or the controlling shareholder than under the laws of the United States and certain other jurisdictions outside Brazil. Although Brazilian law imposes restrictions on insider trading and price manipulation, the Brazilian securities markets are not as highly supervised as the United States securities markets or markets in certain other jurisdictions outside Brazil.
- The ability of ADS holders to exercise preemptive rights is not assured, particularly if the applicable law in the holder's jurisdiction (for example, the Securities Act in the United States) requires that either a registration statement be effective or an exemption from registration be available with respect to those rights, as is in the case in the United States. We are not obligated to extend the offer of preemptive rights to holders of ADSs, to file a registration statement in the United States, and we cannot assure that we will file any such registration statement. Accordingly, ADS holders may receive only the net proceeds from the sale of their preemptive rights by the Depositary or, if the preemptive rights cannot be sold, they will be allowed to lapse. If they are unable to participate in rights offerings, their holdings may also be diluted.
- ADS holders may not receive dividend payments if we incur net losses or our net profit does not reach certain levels. Under Brazilian Corporate Law and our by-laws, we must pay our shareholders a mandatory distribution equal to at least 25% of our adjusted net profit for the preceding fiscal year, with holders of preferred shares having priority of payment. According to our bylaws, Class A Shares and Class B Shares are entitled to receive annual, non-cumulative minimum dividends, which dividend per share shall be at least 10% higher than the dividends per share paid to the holders of the Common Shares. Class A Shares have a dividend priority over the Class B Shares to receive a minimum dividend equal to 10% of the total share capital represented by the Class A Shares outstanding at the end of the fiscal year in respect of which the dividends have been declared, and Class B Shares have a dividend priority over the Common Shares. Units are entitled to dividends equal to their underlying shares. In the event  that  we  are  unable  to  declare  dividends,  our  management  may  nevertheless  decide  to  defer  payment  of  dividends  or,  in  limited  circumstances,  not  to  declare dividends at all. We cannot make dividend payments from our legal reserve and capital reserve accounts.

## Sales of a substantial number of shares, Units or ADSs, or the perception that such sales might take place, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our shares or Units and ADSs.

As a consequence of the issuance of new shares, Units or ADSs, sales of shares, Units or ADSs by existing investors, or the perception that such a sale might occur, the market price of our shares, Units and ADSs may decrease significantly.

## Future equity issuances may dilute the holdings of current holders of our shares, Units or ADSs and could materially affect the market price for those securities.

We may in the future decide to offer additional equity to raise capital or for other purposes. Any such future equity offering could reduce the proportionate ownership and interests of holders of our shares, Units and ADSs, as well as our earnings and net equity value per share, Unit or ADS. Any offering of shares, Unit and ADSs by us or our main shareholders, or a perception that any such offering is imminent, could have an adverse effect on the market price of these securities.

## Holders of our ADSs may be unable to enforce judgments against our directors or officers.

All of our directors and officers named in this annual report reside in Brazil. Substantially all of our assets, as well as the assets of these persons, are located in Brazil. As a result, it may not be possible for holders of our ADSs to effect service of process upon us or our directors and officers within the United States or other jurisdictions outside Brazil, attach their assets or enforce against us or our directors and officers judgments obtained in the United States or other jurisdictions outside of Brazil. Because judgments of U.S. courts for civil liabilities based upon the U.S. federal securities laws may only be enforced in Brazil if certain requirements are met, holders of ADSs may face greater difficulties in protecting their interest in actions against us or our directors and officers than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a state or other jurisdiction of the United States.

## Judgments of Brazilian courts with respect to our shares or Units will be payable only in reais.

If proceedings are brought in the courts of Brazil seeking to enforce our obligations in respect of our shares or Units, we will not be required to discharge any such obligations in a currency other than Reais (R$). Under Brazilian exchange control limitations, an obligation in Brazil to pay amounts denominated in a currency other than reais (R$) may only be satisfied in Brazilian currency at the exchange rate, as determined by the Brazilian Central Bank, in effect on the date the judgment is obtained, and any such amounts are then adjusted to reflect exchange rate variations through the effective payment date. The then prevailing exchange rate may not afford non Brazilian investors with full compensation for any claim arising out of, or related to, our obligations under our shares or Units.

## If you exchange your ADSs for Units, you risk increased taxes and the inability to remit foreign currency abroad.

Brazilian law requires that parties obtain a registration before the Brazilian Central Bank in order to be allowed to remit foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, abroad. For the ADSs, the Brazilian custodian for the Units has obtained the necessary certificate from the Brazilian Central Bank for the payment of dividends or other cash distributions relating to the  preferred  shares  and  Units  or  upon  the  disposition  of  the  preferred  shares  or  Units.  If  you  exchange  your  ADSs  for  the  underlying  Units,  however,  you  must  obtain  your  own certificate of registration or register in accordance with Brazilian Central Bank and CVM rules in order to obtain and remit U.S. dollars abroad upon the disposition of the Units or distributions relating to their underlying shares. If you do not obtain a certificate of registration, you may not be able to remit U.S. dollars or other currencies abroad and may be subject to less favorable tax treatment on gains with respect to the Units. Pursuant to Brazilian Central Bank rules, obtaining this registration requires exchange transactions, which are subject to taxes  in  Brazil.  For  more  information,  see  'Item  10.  Additional  Information-Taxation-Brazilian  Tax  Considerations-Other  Brazilian  Taxes.'  If  you  attempt  to  obtain  your  own registration, you may incur expenses or suffer delays in the application process, which could delay your ability to receive dividends or distributions relating to the shares underlying the Units or the return of your capital in a timely manner. The custodian's registration before the Brazilian Central Bank and any certificate of foreign capital registration you obtain may be affected by future legislative changes. Additional restrictions may be imposed in the future on the disposition of the underlying Units or the repatriation of the proceeds from disposition.

## The Brazilian  government  may  impose  exchange  controls  and  restrictions  on  remittances  abroad  which  may  adversely  affect  your  ability  to  convert  funds  in  reais  into  other currencies and to remit other currencies abroad.

In  the  past,  the  Brazilian  government  has  imposed  restrictions  on  the  remittance  to  foreign  investors  of  the  proceeds  of  their  investments  in  Brazil  and  the  conversion  of Brazilian currency into foreign currencies. The Brazilian government could again choose to impose this type of restriction if, among other things, there is deterioration in Brazilian foreign currency reserves or a shift in Brazil's exchange rate policy. Reintroduction of these restrictions would hinder or prevent your ability to convert dividends, distributions or the proceeds from any sale of Units, as the case may be, from reais into U.S. dollars or other currencies and to remit those funds abroad. We cannot assure you that the Brazilian government will not take similar measures in the future.

## The relative volatility and illiquidity of the Brazilian securities markets may impair your ability to sell the Units underlying the ADSs.

The Brazilian securities markets are substantially smaller, less liquid, more concentrated and more volatile than major securities markets in the United States and certain other jurisdictions outside Brazil, and are not as highly regulated or supervised as some of these other markets. The illiquidity and relatively small market capitalization of the Brazilian equity markets  may  cause  the  market  price  of  securities  of  Brazilian  companies,  including  our  ADSs,  Units,  Common  Shares  and  Class  B  Shares,  to  fluctuate  in  both  the  domestic  and international markets, and may substantially limit your ability to sell the Units underlying your ADSs at a price and time at which you wish to do so. Our capital stock is currently composed of different types of equity securities (Common Shares, Class A Shares, Class B Shares, Units and ADSs), which further contributes to a reduced liquidity.

## Changes in Brazilian tax laws may have an adverse impact on the taxes applicable to a disposition of our shares, Units or ADS.

Law No. 10,833 of December 29, 2003, provides that the disposition of assets located in Brazil by a non-resident to either a Brazilian resident or a non-resident is subject to taxation in Brazil, regardless of whether the disposition occurs outside or within Brazil. This provision results in the imposition of income tax on the gains arising from a disposition of our common or preferred shares by a nonresident of Brazil to another non-resident of Brazil. There is no judicial guidance as to the application of Law No. 10,833 and, accordingly, we are unable to predict whether Brazilian courts may decide that it applies to dispositions of our ADS between nonresidents of Brazil. However, in the event that the disposition of assets is interpreted to include a disposition of our ADS, this tax law would accordingly result in the imposition of withholding taxes on the disposition of our ADS by a non-resident of Brazil to another non-resident of Brazil.

## Item 4. Information on the Company

## THE COMPANY

We engage in the generation, transmission, distribution and sale of electricity mainly in the Brazilian State of Paraná, pursuant to concessions granted by ANEEL, the Brazilian regulatory agency for the electricity sector. While our activities are more concentrated in the Brazilian State of Paraná, we also operate in ten different Brazilian states through our generation and transmission businesses.

As of December 31, 2022, we generated electricity from 18 hydroelectric plants, 34 wind plants and one Thermoelectric Plant, for a total installed capacity of 5,758 MW, of which approximately 99.7% was derived from renewable sources. Including the installed capacity of generation companies in which we have an equity interest, our total installed capacity was 6,705 MW. On January 30, 2023, we completed the acquisition of the Aventura and Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo Wind Complexes, which increased our total installed capacity to 6,966 MW. Our electric power business is subject to comprehensive regulation by ANEEL.

We hold concessions to distribute electricity in 394 of the 399 municipalities in the State of Paraná and in the municipality of Porto União in the State of Santa Catarina. As of December 31, 2022, we owned and operated 3,705 km of transmission lines and 208,133 km of distribution lines, constituting one of the largest distribution grids in Brazil. Below is the distribution of electricity supply in 2022 by consumption class, including free customers:

- 38.7% was to industrial customers;
- 26.0% was to residential customers;
- 19.8% was to commercial customers; and
- 15.5% was to rural and other customers.

Key elements of our business strategy are:

- Maximize our value through sustainable growth, profitability, adequate indebtedness levels and shareholder remuneration.
- Seek to be a reference in customer satisfaction.
- Seek profitable opportunities related to new businesses and services in the energy sector.
- Promote and ensure adherence to best ESG, risk management and compliance practices.
- Manage an integrated and strategic energy portfolio, including strategic partnerships and maximizing synergies and profitability.
- Divest from non-strategic assets.
- Pursue excellence in business processes.
- Promote people-focused management, strengthening team engagement and reinforcing the culture of meritocracy.
- Seek greater protagonism in our interaction with regulators and institutions.
- Consolidate a culture focused on safety, health and quality of life.
- Adopt new technologies to optimize our business and continually raise cybersecurity levels.

- Encourage innovation as a lever for growth, increased customer satisfaction and loyalty, and process improvement.

Our revenues for each of the last three fiscal years by activity are described in 'Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects - Results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.'

## Historical Background

We were formed in 1954 by the State of Paraná to engage in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, as part of a plan to bring the electric energy sector under state control. We acquired the principal private power companies located in the State of Paraná in the early 1970s. From 1970 to 1977, we significantly expanded our transmission and distribution grid and worked to increase the connectivity of our grid to grids in other Brazilian states. In 1979, a change in state law permitted us to extend our generating activities to include production from sources other than hydroelectric and thermal power plants.

Currently, we are the largest energy company in the State of Paraná. We are a corporation incorporated and existing under the laws of Brazil, with the legal name Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel. Our head offices are located at Rua José Izidoro Biazetto, 158 - Bloco A - CEP 81200-240, Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil. Our telephone number at the head office is +55 (41) 3331-4011. Our website is www.copel.com and a ny filings we make electronically with the SEC will be available to the public over the Internet at the SEC's website. The commercial name of each of our businesses is provided as follows.

## Relationship with the State of Paraná

As of December 31, 2022, the State of Paraná owned 69.7% of our Common Shares and, consequently, has the ability to control the election of the majority of the members of our Board of Directors, members of our Supervisory Board, the appointment of senior management and our direction, future operations and business strategy.

## Corporate Structure

Prior to 2001, we operated as a single corporation engaged in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity and in certain related activities. In compliance with the new  regulatory  regime,  we  transferred  our  operations  to  four  wholly  owned  subsidiaries  (one  each  for  generation,  transmission,  distribution  and  telecommunications)  and  our investments in other companies to a fifth wholly owned subsidiary. This corporate restructuring was completed in July 2001.

- In 2007, we divided the assets of our transmission business ('Copel Transmissão S.A.') between our distribution business ('Copel Distribuição S.A.') and our generation business ('Copel Geração S.A.,' renamed to 'Copel Geração e Transmissão S.A.' or 'Copel GeT').
- In 2016, we changed the corporate name of Copel Participações S.A. to Copel Comercialização S.A. and its corporate purpose to the sale of energy and rendering of related services in order to strength our positioning in the energy trading market and to allow greater efficiency in the sale of energy.
- In 2017, to optimize the management of operating activities, we carried out an organizational restructuring of our wholly owned subsidiary Copel Renováveis S.A., whose activities were absorbed by Copel GeT.
- In 2018, Copel GeT entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Eletrosul with respect to the joint ventures Costa Oeste Transmissora de Energia S.A. (51% - Copel GeT and 49% - Eletrosul), Marumbi Transmissora de Energia S.A. (80% - Copel GeT and 20%- Eletrosul) and Transmissora Sul Brasileira de Energia S.A. (20% - Copel GeT and 80% - Eletrosul). As a result, Copel GeT acquired 100% in the joint ventures Costa Oeste and Marumbi, and Eletrosul acquired 100% in Transmissora Sul Brasileira.
- In  2019, Copel GeT acquired 100% of SPE Uirapuru Transmissora de Energia S.A. from Centrais Elétricas Brasileiras S.A. and Fundação Eletrosul de Previdência e Assistencial Social - Elos.

- In 2019, Copel GeT, through a consortium with its subsidiary Cutia Empreendimentos Eólicos, participated in the A-6 new energy generation auction and sold 14.4 average MW of the  Jandaíra  Wind  Complex.  The  Jandaíra  Wind  Complex,  with  90.1  MW  of  installed  capacity  and  46.9  average  MW  of  Assured  Energy,  was  built  in  the Northeastern state of Rio Grande do Norte, a region where we have other wind generation assets. The project came into operation, in a staggered manner, in 2022, with entry into commercial operation anticipated by more than two years.
- In March 2020, Copel GeT, with the objective of renewing for 30 years the concession of HPP Foz do Areia, whose term, considering the GSF renegotiation, expires on December 21, 2024, filed with the Ministry of Mines and Energy its request for the classification of its special purpose company SPC FDA Geração de Energia Elétrica SA, holder of the concession, under the terms of Federal Decree no. 9,271/2018, amended by Federal Decree No. 10,135/2019 and No. 10,893/2021, which allows this renewal associated with the privatization of the concession holder, within 12 months of the end of the term. On December 23, 2022, Decree No. 9,271 was further amended by Decree No. 11,307, to also enable the renewal of grants by privatizing a holder through a public offering of shares. This alternative is in line with the intention of the controlling shareholder to transform us into a company with dispersed capital and without a controlling shareholder, informed in our Material Fact 06/2022, and with the full renewal of the concession of our plants (HPP Foz do Areia, HPP Segredo and HPP Caxias), with the maintenance of 100% of participation, including eventual public offer of primary distribution of our shares and/or Units aiming at the payment of the grant bonus, informed in our Material Fact 07/2022.
- On August 3, 2021, we conclude the sale of our entire equity interest in Copel Telecomunicações S.A. (Copel Telecom), responsible for our telecommunication activities, to Bordeaux Multi-Strategic Investment Fund Bordeaux Fundo de Investimentos em Participações Multiestratégia, for a purchase price of R$2.5 billion . The sale was made following an auction we conducted at B3 in November 2020.
- On November 30, 2021, we completed the acquisition of the Vilas Wind Power Complex (or 'Vilas Complex') with an enterprise value of R$1.1 billion. As the project is partially financed by Banco do Nordeste ('BNB'), under a long-term loan agreement with final maturity in 2040, the total amount paid by us in the acquisition was R$ 597.7 million.
- We currently have four wholly-owned subsidiaries: Copel Geração e Transmissão S.A., Copel Distribuição S.A., Copel Comercialização S.A. (Copel Mercado Livre) and Copel Serviços S.A. We currently hold 100% shareholding stake in several Special Purpose Companies (SPC). The current organization of the group is as described as follows. All of our subsidiaries are incorporated in the Federative Republic of Brazil and subject to the Brazilian law.

## ORGANIZATION CHART EQUITY OWNERSHIP

AS OF MARCH 31, 2023

<!-- image -->

## Proposed Dispersion our Share Ownership

In November 2022, a new state legislation approved by the State Congress of the State of Paraná (State Law No. 21,272 of November 24, 2022, or 'Copel Disperse Ownership Law') authorized the State of Paraná to sell part of its equity interests in our share capital by means of public offering of our common shares or units. The State of Paraná has announced its plan to carry out a secondary public offering, aiming to reduce its equity interests in us maintaining at least 15% of our total capital stock and 10% our voting capital and to transform us into a corporation with disperse share ownership, subject to certain conditions.

If the proposed transaction is successful and we cease to be a state-controlled company, we will be permitted to renew our concessions for certain hydroelectric power plants, particularly for HPPs Foz do Areia, Segredo and Salto Caxias, which are expected to expire in 2024, 2032 and 2033, respectively. In this context, we are currently evaluating capital raising alternatives aiming for payment of this award bonus, including a primary offering of our equity securities. However, we cannot guarantee that this proposed transaction will be successful or that we will be able to obtain funds for renewing these concessions, which may have a material and adverse impact in our business.

The Copel Disperse Ownership law conditions the proposed transaction to the approval by our shareholders of certain amendments to our bylaws, to:

- Prevent (a) that a shareholder or group of shareholders own more than 10% of our common voting shares, and (b) any shareholders' agreements or similar arrangements for the joint exercise of voting rights, except if representing less than 10% of our voting capital in aggregate.
- Require that (a) our headquarters continue to be located in the State of Paraná and (b) our corporate name remains the same.
- Create a new class of preferred shares to be exclusively owned by the State of Paraná, which will give the State of Paraná powers to (a) as long as the State owns at least 10% of our corporate capital, veto any proposals of shareholder resolutions to change the restrictions described above, and (b) authorize our directors to approve and implement the annual investment plan for Copel Distribuição, under certain conditions.

The proposed transaction is expected to be implemented as a primary and secondary offering of our common shares and ADRs, subject to market conditions, and is subject to governmental approvals at the state and federal levels.

On January 31, 2023, our Board of Directors approved the engagement of external advisors to structure the potential public offering of shares and/or ADRs (pursuant to Notice to Market 01/23).

We cannot guarantee that the proposed transaction will be successful or that we will cease to be a state-controlled company. The implementation of the proposed transaction is also subject to several risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, the risks described in 'Forward-Looking Statements' and 'Item 3. Key Information-Risk Factors.'

## Acquisition of the Wind Complex Aventura and Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo

On January 30, 2023, our wholly owned subsidiary Copel GeT concluded the acquisition of 100% of the Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo (SRMN) and Aventura Wind Power Complexes ('Wind Power Complexes') from EDP Renováveis Brasil S/A., totaling 260.4 MW of installed capacity. The acquisition is part of our strategy of growth in renewable energy, expands the diversification of the generation matrix and is fully adherent to its Investment Policy. The enterprise value of the Wind Power Complexes was R$ 1,760.6 million. For more information, see explanatory note 40.1 to our financial statements.

## Renewal of Compagas' concession contract

On December 27, 2022, Compagas entered into an amendment of its concession agreement for public services of canalized gas supply, with distribution exclusivity, in the State of Paraná and other related activities. The renewal of the concession occurred upon payment of an award bonus, in favor of the State of Paraná, in the amount of R$ 508 million, through offsetting  of  concessionaire  credits  referring  to  the  previous  service  concession  arrangement  in  the  amount  of  R$98,000  and  financial  disbursement  of  R$410,000,  and  reflects  the following terms:

## SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN OUR BUSINESS

- The term of the concession was extended for an additional 30-year period.
- Adopt a the price-cap regulatory model (cap tariff), replacing the current cost plus model; Remuneration based on the weighted average cost of capital (WACC), initially 9.125% p.a..
- Initial Net Regulatory Remuneration Base (BRRL) of R$ 647.8 million (includes assets not amortized in the current concession on the base date of December 31, 2021 and the grantor bonus, compensated with regulatory liabilities).
- Grantor Bonus of R$ 508.0 million in favor of the State of Paraná.
- Total estimated capex of R$ 2.5 billion to be realized over 30 (thirty) years.
- Tariff adjustment based on variations of the Broad National Consumer Price Index (IPCA).
- Indicative plan includes the internalization in the 10 mesoregions of the State of Paraná; Concession expires on July 6, 2054.

## Disinvestment in UEGA

Our board of directors, in a meeting held on November 4, 2022, approved the deepening of studies for a potential divestment of Copel Group's ownership interest in UEG Araucária S.A. (UEGA). These studies for potential divestment are part of the process of decarbonization of the Copel Group's generation portfolio and are in line with our Corporate Strategic Planning - Vision 2030, strengthening the pillars for the perpetuity and sustainable growth of the business.

We hold a direct and indirect interest of 81.2% in the total and voting capital stock of the company and have announced the intention to sell our participation jointly with our partner, Petrobras, which holds the remaining 18.8% of the shares. In February 2023, we entered the non-binding proposal phase relating to the sale of all shares in UEGA.

## Commercial operation of the Jandaíra Wind Complex

In October 2022, we achieved commercial operation of the first wind turbines of the Jandaíra Wind Complex, located in the municipality of Jandaíra, in the state of Rio Grande do Norte. The complex is composed of four wind farms, totaling 90.1 MW of installed capacity, and was fully operational by the end of 2022. The entry into operation of the complex occurred more than two years before the beginning of the deadline for delivery of the contracted supply.

## Definition of the Concession Granting Bonus for HPP Foz do Areia, HPP Segredo and HPP Salto Caxias

In view of the proposed transaction for dispersion of our corporate capital in the second half of 2023, we requested to the MME the full renewal of our concessions of HPP Foz do Areia, HPP Segredo and HPP Caxias for 30 years, considering a possible public offering of primary distribution of shares and/or Units issued by us. The granting authority, through Interministerial Ordinance MME/MF No. 01, of March 30, 2023, established the concession granting bonus for the set of plants in the amount of R$ 3,719 million, to be paid within 20 days of the signing of the new contract. The granting bonus is still subject to the approval of the Federal Court of Audits ('TCU').

## Impacts of the Enactment of Federal Law 14,385/2022 on 2022 Results

Our subsidiary Copel Distribuição S.A. ('Copel DIS'), with the support of its legal advisors, recognized a 'Provision for the Allocation of PIS and COFINS credits' account to record the impacts of Federal Law 14,385/2022, which negatively affected our net income in 2022, in the amount of R$1,202.5 million, with no immediate cash effect. This law, despite the lack of regulation, defines the destination of mandatory tax amounts that were collected in excess by the providers of the public electric energy distribution service in the country, due to the collection of PIS/COFINS on ICMS, recognized by the judiciary as undue. Based on a final and unappealable decision in a lawsuit filed in 2009, Copel DIS was granted the right to exclude the full amount of ICMS from the PIS/COFINS tax base. Since then, Copel DIS has already passed on to consumers, through reductions in tariff adjustments approved by ANEEL, in the amount of R$2,295.1 million. This provision, based on the risk assessment carried out by our management and supported by the opinions of legal advisors, refers for the period comprising the 11th and the 16th year from the date of the final and unappealable decision of the lawsuit, exacerbating the prescription and decay period. For more information, see note 12.2.1 to our audited consolidated financial statements.

## BUSINESS

In the past, our generation and distribution businesses were integrated, and we sold most of the electricity we generated to the customers of our distribution business. This changed as a result of the implementation of the New Industry Model Law, enacted in 2004. Today, open auctions on the regulated market are one of the primary channels by which our distribution business purchases energy to resell to Captive Customers and one of the channels by which our generation business generates revenues. Our generation business sells energy to our distribution business only through auctions in the regulated market. Moreover, our distribution business, like other certain Brazilian distribution companies, is also required to purchase energy from the hydroelectric facility of Itaipu, in an amount determined by the Brazilian government based on our proportionate share in the Brazilian electricity market. For more information, see 'Item 4. Information on the Company-The Brazilian Electric Power Industry.'

The following table shows, for the last three years, the total electricity (i) we generated through entities in which we hold a 100.0% shareholding stake and the 51.0% and 30.0% of energy generated by Mauá and Baixo Iguaçu Hydroelectric Plants respectively (corresponding to the interest we hold in each of these assets), (ii) we purchased, broken down by the total amount of electricity generated and purchased by Copel Geração e Transmissão and our wind farm generation facilities described below ('Wind Farms') and (iii) the total amount of electricity purchased by Copel Distribuição and Copel Comercialização (Copel Mercado Livre).

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (GWh)  Copel Geração e Transmissão  Electricity generated  21,999  14,587  10,115  Electricity purchased from Copel Comercialização  1,208  3,423  487  Electricity purchased from others  134  183  147  Electricity purchased from Spot Market - CCEE  -  240  -  Electricity received from the Interconnected System  1,721  1,198  5,878  Total electricity generated and purchased by Copel Geração e Transmissão  25,062  19,633  16,627  Wind Farms  Electricity generated  2,724  2,466  2,116  Electricity purchased from others  114  104  29  Total electricity generated and purchased by Wind Farms  2,838  2,570  2,145  Copel Distribuição  Electricity purchased from Itaipu  5,271  5,435  5,498  Electricity purchased from Auction - CCEAR - affiliates  155  154  154  Electricity purchased from Auction - CCEAR - other  12,354  12,215  11,579  Electricity purchased from Mechanism for Compensation of Surpluses and Deficits of New Energy (MCSD-EN))  392  178  785  Electricity purchased from Spot Market - CCEE  -  -  536  Electricity purchased from others  7,270  7,356  7,571  Total electricity purchased by Copel Distribuição  25,442  25,338  26,123  Copel Comercialização  Electricity purchased from Copel Geração e Transmissão  14,328  13,033  7,247  Electricity purchased from others  10,447  10,147  5,105  Electricity purchased from Spot Market - CCEE  12  12  97  Total electricity purchased by Copel Comercialização  24,817  23,192  12,449  Total electricity generated and purchased by Copel Geração e Transmissão, Copel Distribuição, Wind Farms  and Copel Comercialização  62,468  54,019  49,399   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We adopt the criteria set forth by the CCEE to determine the energy flows in sale and purchase transactions.

Includes the electrical losses of wiring and interconnecting station and technical losses by delivering energy to the Interconnected System.

Electricity generated and purchased by our wind farm generation facilities which were under the supervision of Copel Renováveis until 2015. In December 2015, Copel Geração e Transmissão became responsible for the operation of these facilities.

Distribution companies operating under concessions in the Midwest, South and Southeast regions of Brazil purchase electricity generated by Itaipu.

The following table shows the total electricity we sold to Free Customers, Captive Customers, distributors, energy traders and other utilities service providers in the south of Brazil through the Interconnected Transmission System in the last three years.

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (GWh)  Copel Geração e Transmissão  Electricity delivered to Free Customers  0  1,298  3,369  Electricity delivered to Bilateral Agreements (Copel Comercialização)  13,955  12,979  7,238  Electricity delivered to Bilateral Agreements  259  717  2,946  Electricity delivered under auction - CCEAR affiliates  123  122  123  Electricity delivered under auction - CCEAR - other  2,215  2,215  2,221  Electricity delivered to Spot Market - CCEE  852  (337)  -  Electricity delivered to the Interconnected System  7,658  2,639  -  Total electricity delivered by Copel Geração e Transmissão  25,062  19,633  15,897  Wind Farms  Electricity delivered under auction - CCEAR - affiliates  32  32  31  Electricity delivered to Bilateral Agreements  856  82  37  Electricity delivered under auction - CCEAR - other  1,286  1,289  1,292  Electricity delivered under auction - CER - other  916  916  918  Electricity delivered to Spot Market - CCEE  63  132  -  Total electricity delivered by Wind Farms  3,153  2,451  2,278  Copel Distribuição  Electricity delivered to Captive Customers  19,371  19,312  19,180  Electricity delivered to distributors in the State of Paraná  91  86  76  CCEE  4,010  3,157  3,787  Total electricity delivered by Copel Distribuição  23,472  22,555  23,043  Copel Comercialização  Electricity delivered to Free Customers  11,498  8,239  4,620  Electricity delivered to Bilateral Agreements (Copel GeT)  1,208  3,535  516  Electricity delivered to Bilateral Agreements  11,949  11,337  6,984  Electricity delivered to Spot Market - CCEE  162  81  330  Total electricity delivered by Copel Comercialização  24,817  23,192  12,449  Total  76,504  68,098  53,668   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We adopt the criteria set forth by the CCEE to determine the energy flows in sale and purchase transactions.

Amounts from the Spot Market indicated as less than zero (negative numbers) are not considered as electricity sold nor as electricity delivered in the MRE.

Includes the Spot Market, MCSD EN and MVE.

Considers transactions between group companies. Generation

As of December 31, 2022, the total installed capacity of all the generation assets in which we hold equity or the rights under concessions was 6,706 MW. On January 30, 2023, we completed the acquisition of the Aventura and Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo Wind Complexes, which increased our total installed capacity to 6,966 MW. Considering only the entities that we operate (solely or under consortium), including 100% of the energy produced by those in which we hold a 100.0% shareholding stake and 51.0% and 30.0% of the energy generated  by  Mauá  and  Baixo  Iguaçu  Hydroelectric  Plants,  respectively  (corresponding  to  the  interest  we  hold  in  each  of  these  assets),  we  operated  and  sold  energy  through  20 hydroelectric plants, 34 wind plants and one Thermoelectric Plant, with a total installed capacity of 6,047 MW. Our Assured Energy totaled 2,726 average MW in 2022. Our generation varies yearly because of hydrological conditions and other factors. We generated 25,299 GWh in 2022, 17,606 GWh in 2021, 12,665 GWh in 2020, 19,812 GWh in 2019 and 19,935 GWh in 2018.

The generation of electrical energy at our power plants is supervised, coordinated and operated by our Generation and Transmission Operation Center in the city of Curitiba. This operation center is responsible for coordinating the operations related to major part of our total installed capacity, including some of the plants in which we hold only partial ownership interests.

In 2021 ANEEL granted us the extension of concession of the following power plants to compensate for the assumption of non-hydrological risks (provided in the Energy Reallocation Mechanism or MRE adopted by the government under Law nº 14,052/2020):

| Power Plant  Concession extension (days)  Authorization  Apucaraninha  472  Resolution No. 12,255/2022  Capivari Cachoeira  2,555  Resolution No. 12,255/2022  Cavernoso  898  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Cavernoso 2  1,742  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Chamine  717  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Colíder  13  Resolution No. 12,255/2022  Derivação Do Rio Jordão  949  Resolution No. 12,255/2022  Foz do Areia  461  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Guaricana  705  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Mauá  1,789  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Salto Caxias  1.051  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Sao Jorge  598  Resolution No. 12,255/2022  Segredo  1,045  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Uhe Baixo Iguaçu  34  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Fundão  1,110  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Santa Clara  1,078  Resolution No. 11,345/2022  Dona Francisca*  1,485  Resolution No. 11,132/2022  Arturo Andreoli*  844  Not published  * Associates   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Hydroelectric Generation Facilities

The following table sets forth certain information related to our main hydroelectric plants in operation during 2022:

| Plant  Installed capacity  Assured energy (1)  Placed in service  Concession expires  (MW)  (Average MW)  Foz do Areia  1,676.0  604.3  1980  December, 2024  Segredo  1,260.0  578.5  1992  September, 2032  Salto Caxias  1,240.0  605.6  1999  March, 2033  Capivari Cachoeira  260.0  109.0  1972  January, 2053  Mauá  184.1  100.8  2012  May, 2047  Baixo Iguaçu  105.1  51.2  2019  December, 2049  Colíder  300.0  178.1  2019  January, 2046  Others  132.5  77.1  N/A  N/A   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Values used to determine volumes committed for sale. Starting in 2023, the Assured Energy for the following plants will decrease pursuant to Directive PRT709/2022: Foz do Areia (575.3 avg MW), Segredo (558.3 avg MW), Capivari Cachoeira (103.6 avg MW), Mauá (96.14 avg MW).

Corresponds to 51.0% of the installed capacity of the plant (361.1 MW), corresponding to the interest we hold in this plant, as we operate this plant through a consortium.

Corresponds to 30.0% of the installed capacity of the plant (350.2 MW), corresponding to the interest we hold in this plant, as we operate this plant through a consortium.

Governador Bento Munhoz da Rocha Netto (HPP Foz do Areia) . The HPP Foz do Areia is located on the Iguaçu River, approximately 350 kilometers southwest of the city of Curitiba. This plant is fully operational. However, on March 2023, during a scheduled inspection stoppage, an isolated malfunction was identified in the upper wear ring of the rotor of a turbine of unit 03 of the plant, causing operations to be fully suspended until the malfunction can be properly fixed. HPP Foz de Areia has a physical guarantee of approximately 144.8 average MW. Possible financial impacts related to suspension of operations and or any reduction in the plant's physical guarantee are still being estimated.

The concession of this plant, originally granted to Copel GeT under the terms of Concession Agreement No. 045/1999, is set to expire on December 21, 2024. After that, Copel Get could request the renewal of the concession for 30 years, either (i) through the amendment of certain concession terms and inclusion under the quota regime (Law No. 12,783/2013) or (ii) by means of the privatization of the concessionaire, through a bidding process for the sale of the concessionaire's shareholding control, including by means of a public offering of shares, within 12 months from the end of the concession term (Federal Decree No. 9,271/2018, amended by Federal Decree No. 10,893/2021 and by Federal Decree No. 11,307/2022).

Based on our internal assessment, we concluded that the sale of the concessionaire's shareholding control would be more advantageous to us than the renewal upon inclusion in the quota regime. It would also be more beneficial than the alternative of not expressing interest in the renewal at all, case in which the government would carry out a bidding process for a new concession and we would face the risk of loss of the concession at no additional consideration.

- In 2020, Copel GeT transferred the concession and plant's assets to a special purpose company, SPC F.D.A. Geração de Energia Elétrica S.A. (as approved by ANEEL Resolution No. 8,578/2020), and formally manifested the intention of selling the shares of SPC F.D.A. filed with the Ministry of Mines and Energy its manifestation of intention to obtain a new Concession grant, for 30 (thirty) years from its execution, associated with the sale of FDA control, pursuant to Decree No. 9,271/2018 (amended by Decree No. 10,893/2021 and by Decree No. 11,307/2022).
- On February 4, 2021, the Ministry of Mines and Energy published Ordinance No. 516/2021, which establishes the Assured Energy of HPP Foz do Areia at 596.0 average MW to be in force for the new concession agreement to be granted. On March 8, 2022, the ANEEL approved the draft of the new concession agreement.
- On August 12, 2022, the Ministry of Mines and Energy published Ordinance No. 1,544/2022, which changed the Assured Energy for HPP Foz do Areia to 571.7 average MW, from the date of the new concession agreement.
- On October 19, 2022, the Ministry of Mines and Energy published Ordinance No 02/2022, which established the minimum award bonus for the HPP Foz do Areia in R$ 1,830.5 million.
- On October 30, 2022, the Ministry of Mines and Energy published Ordinance No. 698/2022, establishing certain additional conditions for the renewal of the concession and requiring that SPC FDA prepare certain technical and economic feasibility studies to identify the optimum operation for HPP Foz do Areia, within 36 months from the date of the concession agreement, and to implement, if economically feasible, such optimum operation within 96 months from the date of the concession agreement.
- On  February  15,  2023,  the TCU deliberated  on  the  analysis  of  the  technical,  economic-financial  and  environmental  feasibility  studies  for  the  privatization  of  the Governador Bento Munhoz da Rocha Netto power plant, and decided to inform the MME and ANEEL that there are no obstacles to the continuity of the bidding process.

- On December 23, 2022, Decree No. 9,271 was amended by Decree No. 11,307, to also enable the renewal of the concession for 30 years by the sale of corporate control through a public offering of shares. This alternative is in line with the intention of the controlling shareholder to transform us into a company with dispersed capital and without a controlling shareholder (Material Fact 06/2022), and with the carrying out of studies for the full renewal of the concession of our plants, with the maintenance of 100% of  participation,  including  eventual  public  offer  of  primary  distribution  of  our  shares  and/or  ADRs  aiming  at  the  payment  of  the  grant  bonus  (Material  Fact 07/2022). If the dispersion of our corporate capital is not implemented, the alternative of alienating FDA control will be once again considered.

Governador Ney Aminthas de Barros Braga (HPP Segredo) and Governador José Richa (HPP Salto Caxias) .

The HPP Segredo is located on the  Iguaçu  River,  approximately  370  kilometers  southwest  of  the  city  of  Curitiba.  The  HPP  Salto  Caxias  is  located  on  the  Iguaçu  River, approximately 600 kilometers southwest of the city of Curitiba.

In view of the proposed transaction for dispersion of our corporate capital in the second half of 2023, we have requested to the MME the full renewal of our concessions of HPP Foz do Areia, HPP Segredo and HPP Caxias for 30 years, considering a possible public offering of primary distribution of shares and/or Units issued by us. The granting authority, through Interministerial Ordinance MME/MF No. 01, of March 30, 2023, established the granting value of the concession for the set of plants in the amount of R$ 3,719 million, to be paid within 20 days of the signing of the new contract. The granting value is still subject to the approval of the TCU.

Governador Pedro Viriato Parigot de Souza (HPP Capivari Cachoeira) .  The HPP Capivari Cachoeira is the largest underground hydroelectric plant in Southern Brazil. The reservoir is located on the Capivari River, approximately 50 kilometers north of the city of Curitiba, and the power station is located on the Cachoeira River, approximately 15 kilometers from the reservoir.

Our former concession agreement for the HPP Capivari Cachoeira expired on July 7, 2015. As a result of new auction in which we were the winning bidder, on January 5, 2016, Copel GeT executed a new concession agreement with ANEEL to continue to operate this plant under an operation and maintenance regime until January 5, 2046. We paid R$574.8 million as signing bonus for this concession and we received an annual generation revenue (AGR) of R$144.1 million from January 5, 2016 to December 31, 2016. This AGR is subject to an annual tariff adjustment. In July 2017, the AGR was adjusted to R$114.1 million for the period from July 2017 to June 2018, and in 2018 the AGR was adjusted to R$119.2 million for the period from July 2018 to June 2019. In 2019 the AGR was adjusted to R$123.7 million for the period from July 2019 to June 2020. In 2020 the AGR was adjusted to R$127.9 million for the period from July 2020 to June 2021. In 2021, the AGR was adjusted to R$139.7 million for the period from July 2021 to July 2022 under the terms of ANEEL Resolution No. 2,902/2021. In 2022, the AGR was adjusted to R$155.9 million for the period from July 2022 to June 2023 under the terms of ANEEL Resolution No. 3,608/2022.

The HPP Capivari Cachoeira has 260.0MW of installed capacity and Assured Energy of 954.8 GWh/year. Since January 1, 2017, 70.0% of the energy generated by this plant has been allocated in quotas to the regulated market. Copel GeT will no longer bear the hydrological risk for the energy allocated in quotas under the MRE associated with the HPP Capivari Cachoeira until January 5, 2046. From this date until January 3, 2053, the power plant will operate entirely in the Free Market.

Mauá . The Jayme Canet Júnior Hydroelectric Power Plant (HPP Mauá) is located on the Tibagi River, in the State of Paraná. It was constructed between 2008 and 2012 by Consórcio Energético Cruzeiro do Sul, in which we hold a 51.0% interest and CGT Eletrosul holds the remaining 49.0%. The facility is located approximately 250 kilometers from Curitiba, in the Municipality of Telêmaco Borba.

Colíder. HPP Colíder has an installed capacity of 300.0 MW and it is located on the Teles Pires River, in the State of Mato Grosso, between the municipalities of Nova Canaã do Norte and Itaúba, with the municipalities of Colíder and Cláudia are also affected by the reservoir. The construction of the plant began in 2011 and the work was totally concluded in 2019. The first Generating Unit entered commercial operation on March 9, 2019 and the last unit started operating on December 21, 2019.

Baixo Iguaçu. HPP Baixo Iguaçu has an installed capacity of 350.2 MW and is located on the Iguaçu River, in the municipalities of Capanema, Capitão Leonidas Marques, Planalto, Realeza and Nova Prata do Iguaçu, State of Paraná. Baixo Iguaçu HPP is the last large energy project planned for the main Iguaçu and it is located around 30 km downstream from the HPP Salto Caxias. It was constructed by a consortium in which Copel GeT holds a 30% interest and Geração Céu Azul S.A. holds the remaining 70.0%. This power plant became fully operational on April 10, 2019. In addition to our generation facilities, we have ownership interests in several other hydroelectric generation companies as detailed below.

Bela Vista . The SHP Bela Vista has 29.8 MW of installed capacity and 18.6 average MW of Assured Energy and is under construction in the Chopim river, in the São João and Verê municipalities, located in the southwest of the State of Paraná. The energy sales agreement will be effective as of January 1, 2024, for a 30-year term and will be subject to an annual adjustment by the IPCA. The construction of this unit started in the first half of 2019 and the third power generation unit began operations on August 12, 2021, totaling 29.3 MW in commercial operation (corresponding to 98.3% of the plant's total capacity). The remaining unit with complementary capacity of 0.5 MW is expected to be fully implemented in 2023. We were able to achieve the commercial operation of the project almost two and a half years earlier than contemplated under the contracted supply term, which will allow all the energy produced by SHP Bela Vista until December 2023 to be sold in the Free Market ('ACL').

Between 2004 and 2010, we were required by law to retain a majority of the voting shares of any company in which we obtained an ownership interest. Starting in 2010, it became possible for us to hold non-controlling interests in companies.

The following table sets forth information regarding the hydroelectric generation plants in which we had a partial equity interest as of December 31, 2022:

| Plant  Installed  capacity  Assured energy  Placed in service  Our ownership  Concession Expires  (MW)  (Average MW)  (%)  Elejor Facility  (Santa Clara, Santa Clara I, Fundão and Fundão I)  246.41  137.9  August, 2005  June, 2006  70.0  May and June 2040  December, 2032  Dona Francisca  125.0  75.9  February, 2001  23.0  September, 2037  SHP Arturo Andreoli  (Foz do Chopim)  29.1  20.4  October, 2001  35.8  August, 2032  UHE Baixo Iguaçu  350.2  172.4  April, 2019  30.0  November, 2049   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Starting in 2023, the Assured Energy for the following plaints will be decreased pursuant to Directive PRT709/2022: Santa Clara e Fundão (133.0 avg MW) and Dona Francisca (72.5 avg MW).

Elejor Facility . The Elejor Facility consists of the Santa Clara and Fundão Hydroelectric Power Plants, both of which are located on the Jordão River in the State of Paraná. The aggregate  total  installed  capacity  of  the  units  is  246.41  MW,  which  includes  two  smaller  hydroelectric  generation  units  installed  in  the  same  location.  Elejor  signed  a  concession agreement with a term of 35 years for the Santa Clara and Fundão plants in October 2001. As of December 31, 2022, we own 70.0% of the common shares of Elejor, and Paineira Participações owns the remaining 30.0 %.

Elejor is required to make monthly payments to the Brazilian government for the use of hydroelectric resources, which in 2001 totaled R$19.0 million. This amount is adjusted on an annual basis by the IGP-M Index.

We had a power purchase agreement with Elejor, which provides that we will purchase all of the energy produced by the Santa Clara and Fundão facilities at a set rate until April 2019, to be adjusted annually in accordance with the IGP-M Index. This agreement was terminated, there was no renewal and Elejor is selling the energy in the Free Market. In 2022,  Elejor's  net  revenues  and  loss  were  R$194.1  million  and  R$0.7  million,  respectively,  while  in  2021  its  net  revenues  and  losses  were  R$171.3  million  and  R$54.4  million, respectively.

Dona Francisca . We own 23.03 % of the common shares of Dona Francisca Energética S.A. ('DFESA'). The other shareholders are Gerdau S.A. with a 51.82% interest, Celesc S.A. with a 23.03% interest and Statkraft S.A. with a 2.12% interest. DFESA Hydroelectric Power Plant is located on the Jacuí River in the State of Rio Grande do Sul. The plant began full  operations in 2001. In April 2015, we signed a new ten year power purchase agreement with DFESA, valued at R$17.0 million annually, under which we purchase 23.03% of DFESA's Assured Energy (proportional to our stake).

In 2022, DFESA's net revenues and net profits were R$ 66.2 million and R$ 24.5 million, respectively, while in 2021 its net revenues and net profits were R$66.8 million and R$37.2 million, respectively.

SHP Arturo Andreoli ('Foz do Chopim' Hydroelectric Plant) . The Foz do Chopim Hydroelectric Plant is located on the Chopim River in the State of Paraná. We own 35.8% of the common shares of Foz do Chopim Energética Ltda., the entity that owns the Foz do Chopim Hydroelectric Plant. Silea Participações Ltda. owns the remaining 64.2%. The operation and  maintenance  of  Foz  do  Chopim  Hydroelectric  Plant  is  performed  by  Copel  Geração  e  Transmissão  S.A.  Energy  supply  agreements  were  executed  at  an  Average  Tariff  of R$220.07/MWh. Foz do Chopim Energética Ltda. also had the authorization to operate Bela Vista SHP, a hydroelectric power plant that is located on the same river and has similar capacity, which was transferred to Bela Vista Geração de Energia S.A. ('Bela Vista Geração'), through the ANEEL's Authorizing Resolution no. 7,802/2019. In 2022, Foz do Chopim's net revenues and net profits were R$ 77.8 million and R$ 56.9 million, respectively, while in 2021 its net revenues and net profits were R$60.9 million and R$46.4 million, respectively.

## Wind Farm Generation Facilities

Since  2013  we  have  been  expanding  our  energy  generation  capacity  and  diversifying  our  energy  matrix  through  the  development  of  renewable  energy  sources,  like  the construction and acquisition of wind farms in the State of Rio Grande do Norte. The following table sets forth certain information relating to our wind farm plants in operation as of December 31, 2022:

| Plant  Installed capacity  Assured Energy  Placed in Service  Concession Expires  (MW)  (Average MW)  São Bento Energia  94.0  38.1  Boa Vista  14.0  5.2  February, 2015  April, 2046  Olho d'Água  30.0  12.8  February, 2015  June, 2046  São Bento do Norte  30.0  11.3  February, 2015  May, 2046  Farol  20.0  8.8  February, 2015  April, 2046  Palmas  2.5  0.4  November, 1999  September, 2029  Copel Brisa Potiguar Wind Complex  183.6  89.4  Asa Branca I  27.0  12.1  August, 2015  April, 2046  Asa Branca II  27.0  11.9  September, 2015  May, 2046  Asa Branca III  27.0  12.3  September, 2015  May, 2046  Eurus IV  27.0  12.4  August, 2015  April, 2046  Santa Maria  29.7  15.7  April, 2015  May, 2047  Santa Helena  29.7  16.0  May, 2015  April, 2047  Ventos de Santo Uriel  16.2  9.0  May, 2015  April, 2047  Voltália São Miguel do Gostoso I  108.5  57.1  Carnaúbas  27.0  13.1  June, 2015  April, 2047  Reduto  27.0  14.4  June, 2015  April, 2047  Santo Cristo  27.5  15.3  June, 2015  April, 2047  São João  27.0  14.3  June, 2015  March, 2047  Cutia Empreendimentos Eólicos  180.6  71.4  Dreen Cutia  23.1  9.6  December, 2018  January, 2042  Dreen Guajiru  21.0  8.3  December, 2018  January, 2042  Esperança do Nordeste  27.3  9.1  December, 2018  May, 2050  GE Jangada  27.3  10.3  December, 2018  January, 2042  GE Maria Helena  27.3  12.0  December, 2018  January, 2042  GE Paraíso dos Ventos do Nordeste  27.3  10.6  January, 2019  May, 2050  Potiguar  27.3  11.5  December, 2018  May, 2050  Bento Miguel  132.3  58.7  São Bento do Norte I  23.1  10.1  January, 2019  August, 2050  São Bento do Norte II  23.1  10.8  January, 2019  August, 2050  São Bento do Norte III  23.1  10.2  April, 2019  August, 2050  São Miguel I  21.0  9.3  February, 2019  August, 2050  São Miguel II  21.0  9.1  February, 2019  August, 2050  São Miguel III  21.0  9.2  February, 2019  August, 2050  Vilas Complex  186.7  98.6  Vila Maranhão I  31.95  17.8  February, 2021  January, 2054  Vila Maranhão II  31.95  17.8  March, 2021  January, 2054  Vila Maranhão III  31.95  16.6  September, 2020  January, 2054  Vila Ceará I  31.95  17.8  December, 2020  January, 2054  Ventos de Vila Mato Grosso I  58.9  28.6  June, 2021  December, 2054  Aventura  105.0  65.0  Aventura II  21.0  13.1  July, 2021  June, 2053  Aventura III  25.2  15.5  July, 2021  June, 2053  Aventura IV  29.4  18.5  July, 2021  June, 2053  Aventura V  29.4  17.9  July, 2021  June, 2053  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo  155.4  92.8  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo I  33.6  17.3  February, 2022  June, 2053  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo II  29.4  17.2  December, 2021  June, 2053  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo III  33.6  21.5  January, 2022  June, 2053  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo IV  33.6  21.0  January, 2022  June, 2053  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo V  25.2  15.8  December, 2021  June, 2053  Jandaíra  90.09  46.9  Jandaíra I  10.39  5.6  November, 2022  April, 2055  Jandaíra II  24.26  12.3  October, 2022  April, 2055  Jandaíra III  27.72  14.8  November, 2022  April, 2055  Jandaíra IV  27.72  14.2  October, 2022  April, 2055   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant to Directive ( Portaria ) No. 360 of September 30, 2020, the projects that are part of the São Bento Energia wind complex had their Assured Energy altered as of January 1, 2021, as follows: Boa Vista (from 6.3 MW to 5.2MW), Olho d'Água (from 15.3 MW to 12.8MW), São Bento do Norte (from 14.6MW to 11.3MW) and Farol (from 10.1MW to 8.8MW).

Pursuant to Directive ( Portaria ) No. 360 of September 30, 2020, certain the projects that are part of the Copel Brisa Potiguar wind complex had their Assured Energy altered as of January 1, 2021, as follows: Asa Branca I (from 14.2MW to 12.1MW), Asa Branca II (from 14.3 MW to 11.9MW), Asa Branca III (from 14.5MW to 12.3MW) and Eurus IV (from 14.7MW to 12.4MW).

We have a 49.0% interest in Voltália São Miguel do Gostoso.

In November 2021, we acquired the Operations of the Vilas Complex.

In January 2023, we acquired the Operations of the Aventura Complex and Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo Complex.

São Bento Energia. In February 2015, the four wind farms (Boa Vista, Olho d'Água, São Bento do Norte and Farol) which are part of the São Bento Wind Farm Complex, located in the State of Rio Grande do Norte, began operations. With an installed capacity of 94 MW and Assured Energy of 38.1 average MW. In August 2010, 43.7 average MW was sold to fifteen distribution concessionaires in ANEEL public auctions at a weighted average price of R$134.49/MWh (annually adjusted by IPCA index). The energy generated by these wind farms is sold through 20-year term contracts.

Copel Brisa Potiguar Wind Complex .  In  September 2015, we concluded the implementation of the Brisa Potiguar Wind Complex with an installed capacity 183.6 MW and Assured Energy of 89.4 average MW. An Assured Energy of 57.7 average MW (from Asa Branca I, Asa Branca II, Asa Branca III and Eurus IV wind farms) was committed under contract to electric power distributors in the alternative energy auction in August 2010 at a weighted average price of R$135.40/MWh (adjusted annually by IPCA inflation index) and an Assured Energy of 40.7 average MW (from WPPs Santa Helena, Santa Maria and Ventos de Santo Uriel) was committed under contract in the 6 Reserve Energy Auction held in August 2011 at a weighted average price of R$101.81/MWh (annually adjusted by the IPCA inflation index). The energy to be generated was sold through 20-year term contracts with payments beginning in April 2015.

Voltália São Miguel do Gostoso I. In June 2014, we acquired a 49.0% interest in the São Miguel do Gostoso I Wind Farm Complex, in the State of Rio Grande do Norte. The São Miguel do Gostoso wind farm complex has 108.0 MW of installed capacity and Assured Energy of 57.1 average MW, and its energy was sold in the 4 Reserve Energy Auction at an average  price  of  R$98.92/MWh  through  20-year  term  contracts.  In  April  2015,  we  concluded  the  construction  of  this  wind  farm  complex  and  ANEEL,  in  July  and  August  2015, classified it as ready for commercial operation. This wind farm complex began production in June 2017 after completion of the necessary transmission lines.

Cutia. Cutia  Empreendimentos  Eólicos,  which  is  our  largest  wind  farm  business,  is  divided  into  two  large  complexes  totaling  312.9  MW  of  installed  capacity:  (a)  Cutia Complex, composed of seven wind farms (Guajiru, Jangada, Potiguar, Cutia, Maria Helena, Esperança do Nordeste and Paraíso dos Ventos do Nordeste), with a total installed capacity of 180.6 MW, 71.4 average MW of Assured Energy and located in the State of Rio Grande do Norte; and (b) Bento Miguel Complex, composed of six wind farms (São Bento do Norte I, São Bento do Norte II, São Bento do Norte III, São Miguel I, São Miguel II and São Miguel III) with 132.3 MW of total installed capacity, 58.7 average MW of Assured Energy and located in the State of Rio Grande do Norte, in the same region of other wind farm complexes that belong to us. On October 31, 2014, at the 6th Reserve Energy Auction, we sold 71.2 average MW from the Cutia Complex for R$144.00/MWh (maximum auction price). In addition, at the 20th New Energy Auction (A-5), held on November 28, 2014, we sold 54.8 average MW from the six Bento Miguel wind farms for R$142.03/MWh, through Availability Agreements with a 20-year term.

Vilas Complex. In November 2021, we acquired 100% of the Vilas Complex, located in the state of Rio Grande do Norte, from Voltalia Energia do Brasil Ltda ('Voltalia'). The Vilas Complex has 186.7 MW of installed capacity and 98.6 average MWm of Assured Energy. The Vilas Complex sold 32.7 average MW at the 28 New Energy Auction at the price of R$93.00/MWh, with supply beginning in 2024, and 3.3 average MW at the 29 New Energy Auction at the price of R$79.92/MWh, with supply beginning in 2023. The energy contracts are valid for 20 years. The Vilas Complex is fully operational.

Jandaíra Complex. In November 2022, the four wind farms (Jandaíra I, Jandaíra II, Jandaíra III and Jandaíra IV), located in the State of Rio Grande do Norte, with an installed capacity of 90.09 MW and Assured Energy of 46.2 average MW, began operations. In October 2019, 14.4 average MW was sold to nine distribution concessionaires in a A-6 New Energy Auction at a weighted average price of R$98.00/MWh (annually adjusted by IPCA index). The energy generated by these wind farms is sold through 20-year term contracts.

Aventura Complex. In  January 2023, we acquired 100% of the Aventura Complex, located in the state of Rio Grande do Norte, from EDP Renováveis S.A. ('EDPR'). The Aventura Complex has 105 MW of installed capacity and 65 average MWm of Assured Energy. The Aventura Complex sold 53.6 average MW at the 26th New Energy Auction at the price of R$97.00/MWh, with supply beginning in 2023. The energy contracts are valid for 20 years. The Aventura Complex is fully operational.

Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo Complex. In January 2023, we acquired 100% of the Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo Complex, located in the state of Rio Grande do Norte, from EDP Renováveis S.A. ('EDPR'). The Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo Complex has 155.4 MW of installed capacity and 92.8 average MWm of Assured Energy. The Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo Complex sold 67.1 average MW at the 26th New Energy Auction at the price of R$99.00/MWh, with supply beginning in 2023. The energy contracts are valid for 20 years. The Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo Complex is fully operational.

## Thermoelectric Generation Facilities

The following table sets forth certain information about our Thermoelectric Plants in operation as of December 31, 2022:

| Plant  Installed capacity  Assured energy  Placed in service  Our ownership  Concession/ authorization  expires  (MW)  (Average MW)  (%)  TPP Araucária  484.2  365.2  September, 2002  81.2  December, 2029  TPP Figueira  20.0  17.7  April, 1963  100.0  March, 2019   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The annual Assured Energy of thermal plants such as Araucária varies depending on the price of natural gas, according to criteria established by the MME.

Held 20.3% by Copel and 60.9% by Copel GeT.

We are currently waiting for the granting authority to amend our concession agreement with respect to TPP Figueira, extending the concession of the Thermoelectric Plant for another 20 years, pursuant to the applicable law.

Araucária . We have an 81.2% interest in UEG Araucária Ltda., which owns the Araucária Thermoeletric Plant, a combined cycle natural gas thermoelectric plant, one of the most efficient in Brazil, with 484.2 MW of installed capacity, located in the state of Paraná.

UEG Araucária has a gas supply contract with Petróleo Brasileiro S.A - Petrobras, valid until December 31, 2023, which provides for the delivery of up to 2,150,000 cubic meters  of  natural  gas  per  day,  without  take-or-pay  clauses.  As  a  result,  TPP  Araucária  will  remain  available  to  the  National  Interconnected  System  -  SIN  and,  therefore,  may  be dispatched at the discretion of ONS. Since UEG Araucária does not have any Energy Sale Contracts in force, the energy produced by the plant, when dispatched by the ONS, is paid out on the CCEE Spot Market.

Since March 2020, as part of the exceptional measures adopted by the Electric Sector Monitoring Committee ('CMSE') for the recovery of hydroelectric reservoirs in the southern region of the country, TPP Araucária may be dispatched by the ONS with energy priced based on the Unit Variable Cost - CVU, approved by ANEEL. During 2020 and 2021, MME Ordinances authorized, on an exceptional and temporary basis, the inclusion of fixed costs in the plant's CVU. Thus, TPP Araucária ended those years with its annual fixed costs duly remunerated.

UEG Araucária also signed an amendment to the Tranfer of Energy Credits agreement with Petrobras, with the same duration as the gas supply contract, which allows the plant to be activated at the request of the gas supplier, on a weekly basis. In this context, the energy produced is not priced by the CVU, but by the amount agreed between the parties, taking into account, among other factors, market opportunities and margins considered adequate for the operation of the plant to recover part of its fixed costs.

Figueira . The Figueira plant is located in the city of Figueira, in the northeast of the state of Paraná (where the main coal basin of Paraná is located). In December 2022, the process of modernization of this plan was concluded, which consisted of replacing equipment to increase efficiency, reduce emissions of gases and particles resulting from the burning of coal and comply with applicable environmental legislation.

The plant now has the installed capacity of 20.0 MW with one Generating Unit and the Assured Energy of 17.7 average MW, calculated according to and in compliance with Normative Resolution No. 801/2017, which defines a minimum efficiency of 25% for installations with installed capacity up to 50.0 MW.

## Expansion and Maintenance of Generating Capacity

We expect to spend R$171.2 million in 2023 to expand and maintain our generation capacity, including participation in new businesses, of which R$45.9 million will be invested in hydroelectric plants and R$52.9 million will be invested in our wind farms. The remaining amount will be spent on small hydroelectric power plants and other projects.

## Wind Farm Projects

The following table presents information about the wind complexes we acquired in January 2023, the Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo (SRMN) and Aventura wind complexes, previously owned by EDP Renováveis Brasil S/A. and totaling 260.4 MW of installed capacity. The acquisition is part of our strategy for growth in renewable energy, expands the diversification of the generation portfolio and is fully in line with its Investment Policy.

The total transaction value (enterprise value) was R$ 1,760 million. Copel GeT has obtained a long-term financing, with final maturity in 2043, with Banco do Nordeste (BNB) for the project, with rates of IPCA + 2.19% p.a. (Aventura Complex) and IPCA + 1.98% p.a. (Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo Complex). For more information, see explanatory note 40.1 to our financial statements.

About 76.5% of the energy of the enterprise was commercialized in the regulated environment (ACR) with supply beginning in 2023 . In addition, about 13.7% of the total energy generated is commercialized in the free environment (ACL), leaving about 9.8% for new contracts.

| Wind Farms  Installed Capacity (MW)  Assured Energy (MWmed)  Commercial Operation  Energy Trade - Regulated Contracting Enviroment (ACR)  End of Authorization  Auction  Quantity  (MWmed)  Price  (R$/MWh)  Start  of  Supply  End of  Supply  Aventura II  105  65  Operational since July 21  A-6  2017  53.6  128.29  Jan/23  Dec/42  2053  Aventura III  Aventura IV  Aventura V  SRMN I  155.4  92.8  Operational since Dec/21 -  Feb/22  A-6  2017  67.1  130.94  Jan/23  Dec/42  2053  SRMN II  SRMN III  SRMN IV  2052  SRMN V  Total/Average  260.4  157.8  -  120.7  129.76   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total of 62 wind turbines used in the project, manufacturer Vestas model V 150. Base date Jan/2023.

## Development Projects

We are  involved  in  various  initiatives  to  study  the  technical,  economic  and  environmental  feasibility  of  certain  hydroelectric,  wind,  solar  photovoltaic  and  thermoelectric generation projects.

In 2022, we improved out governance in relation to the development of projects by introducing an Investment and Innovation Committee, as an advisory body to the Board of Directors, and approving our Investment Policy, which establishes the criteria for the selection, prioritization, evaluation, approval and monitoring of investments.

The following table sets forth information regarding our proposed generation projects that are considered feasible under a technical, economic, social, environmental and landrelated perspective pursuant to the above-mentioned studies.

| Proposed Projects  Estimated Installed Capacity  Estimated Assured Energy  Our Ownership  (MW)  (Average MW)  (%)  HPP São Jerônimo  330.0  178.1  41.2  HPP Salto Grande  49.0  25.3  100.0  SHP Salto Alemã  29.8  18.4  19.0  TOTAL  408.8  221.8  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Does not include other proposed projects whose technical, economic, social, environmental and land-related feasibility is still under analysis.

We are also a member of Consortium Geração Luz Paranaense - CGLP, which was granted with exploration rights related to the following projects: (i) SHP Foz do Curucaca, (ii) SHP Salto Alemã, (iii) SHP Alto Chopim and (iv) SHP Rancho Grande. After obtaining the applicable authorization from ANEEL and evaluating the hydraulic potential of each project, the consortium decided to carry out the studies only with respect to SHP Salto Alemã and SHP Foz do Curucaca and to return the exploration rights for SHP Alto Chopim and SHP Rancho Grande projects to ANEEL. The basic designs of SHP Salto Alemã and of SHP Foz do Curucaca had already been approved by ANEEL and the environmental studies related to SHP Salto Alemã were registered in the competent entity ( IAT - Instituto Água e Terra do Paraná or 'IAT' ) for analysis.

Since 2018, we have the rights of the HPP Salto Grande, located in the Chopim River in the state of Paraná. The environmental studies related to this project were registered with IAT for analysis in February 2020 and the basic design was approved by ANEEL in November 2020.

We are advancing in the development of pipeline in renewable projects, with emphasis on hydraulic, wind and solar projects. The renewable projects developed will focus on free market, especially the new costumers arising from the opening of the market. However, we also looking for the energy auctions planned for 2023 in Brazil, we intend to bid for concessions to construct and operate new hydroelectric and solar photovoltaic plants or wind farms in power auctions in the regulated market for new generation projects. We will also conduct studies of new hydroelectric power plants. For instance, we have partnered with BE - Empresa de Estudos Energéticos S.A. , Minas PCH S.A. and SILEA Participações Ltda. to develop studies in the lower region of the Chopim River, which may lead to the development of another four (4) hydroelectric projects. We are also looking at opportunities to acquire greenfield and brownfield wind and solar energy projects. We expect to conduct new studies of wind and solar energy projects in Brazil in 2023.

Other renewable energy projects under study or development include the use of municipal solid waste in power generation, biomethane and and green hydrogen. For instance, since 2017, we have conducted solarimetric measurements in two solarimetric stations located in areas leased by Copel Brisa Potiguar. The development of this solar project is ready to advance to the next phase (implementation), subject to the opening of availability for connection with our transmission system.

We are also developing studies for the implementation / acquisition of projects related to Generation Distribution, Energy Efficiency, Biomass and Biogas. In addition to energy generation projects, investment opportunities in new energy transmission assets whose concession will be auctioned by the Brazilian government or existing assets that have synergy with our current portfolio are also being studied.

With regards to innovation, in 2021, we launched our Open Innovation program ('Copel Volt'). Copel Voltt adds a business component to our strategic vision with the goal to bring us closer to the startup ecosystem, upon the improvement of internal processes and the development of new businesses and services. The first edition of the program ended in May 2022. We are evaluating the results and the next steps of the program. One of the outcomes was the structuring and launch of the second edition of the program, the Copel Volt New Journey 2022/2023, with more than 300 applications were received (in progress), as well as the vehicle for investment in startups through a C orporate Venture Capital (CVC) where we are the sole shareholder of an investment fund of R$ 150.0 million.

With respect to Distributed Generation, we are developing solar projects in Paraná relating to energy compensation of State of Paraná's clients involving 50 MW with access asked to Copel Distribuição S.A, which shall be implemented in 2023. We are also planning add 2MW at Solar Paraná portfolio (of which we have a 49% share), which already have 3MW in operation.

## Transmission and Distribution

## General

Electricity is transferred from power plants to customers through transmission and distribution systems. Transmission is the bulk transfer of electricity from generating facilities to the distribution system by means of the Interconnected Transmission System, in tension greater than or equal to 230 kV. Distribution is the transfer of electricity to Final Customers, in tension lesser or equal to 138 kV.

The following table sets forth certain information concerning our transmission and distribution grids on the dates presented.

| 2022  2021  2020  Transmission lines (km):  230 kV and 500 kV  3,698  3,630.8  3,443.0  138 kV  7.2  7.2  7.2  Distribution lines (km):  230 kV  -  -  -  138 kV  6,652  6,513.5  6,457  69 kV  767  755.4  755  34.5 kV  89,356  87,744.0  86,489  13.8 kV  111,358  109,943.8  108,384  Transformer capacity (MVA):  Transmission and distribution substations (69 kV - 500 kV)  27,391.0  25,032.1  24,518.0  Generation (step up) substations  6,691.0  6,691.0  6,691.0  Distribution substations (34.5 kV)  1,646.0  1,624.5  1,594.2  Distribution transformers  15,138  14,621.8  14,180.8  Total energy losses  7.6%  7.7%  7.8%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This figure includes transformers with primary tensions of 69 kV and 138 kV which belong to Copel Distribuição but are implemented in 230 kV and 525 kV substations, which belong to Copel Geração e Transmissão. Percentage of losses on the energy injected in the distributor (technical and non-technical losses on injected energy). Does not consider losses in the basic grid.

We note that percentages measured until 2016 and reported in our previous reports reflected the amounts of physical losses (Technical), commercial losses (Non-Technical) and losses on the basic grid (allocation of agreements on the gravity center of the submarket) of Copel Distribuição, as well as the losses related to the allocation of agreements of Copel GeT. Those percentages were calculated taking into account the total of power purchased and sale agreements entered into by both Copel Distribuição and Copel GeT. For a better representation and comparison of the percentage of losses, we considered the percentage obtained by dividing the total amount of technical and non-technical losses by the energy injected into the Copel Distribuição´s grid. This percentage may be compared to other companies and has a more accurate physical meaning as it utilizes the database of measured data and not information taken from agreements of the period being analyzed.

## Transmission

Our transmission system consists of all our assets of 230 kV and greater and a small portion of our 138 kV assets, which are used to transmit the electricity we generate and the energy  we  receive  from  other  sources.  In  addition  to  using  our  transmission  lines  to  provide  energy  to  customers  in  the  State  of  Paraná,  we  also  transmit  energy  through  the Interconnected Transmission System. Two companies owned by the Brazilian government, Companhia de Geração e Transmissão de Energia Elétrica do Sul do Brasil - CGT Eletrosul and Furnas, also maintain significant transmission systems in the State of Paraná. Furnas is responsible for the transmission of electricity from Itaipu, while CGT Eletrosul's transmission system links the states  in  the  south  of  Brazil.  We,  like  all  other  companies  that  own  transmission  facilities,  are  required  to  allow  third  party  access  to  its  transmission  facilities  in exchange for compensation at a level set by ANEEL.

Currently, we carry out the operation and maintenance of 3,705 km of transmission lines, forty one (41) substations in the State of Paraná and two (2) substations in the State of São Paulo. In addition, we have partnerships with other companies to operate 5,980 km of transmission lines and eight (8) substations through special purpose companies (SPCs).

The table below sets forth information regarding our transmission assets in operation in December 31, 2022:

| Subsidiary / SPC  Transmission Lines  TL Extension(km)  Number of  Substations  Concession Expiration  Date  Our Ownership  APR (R$million)  COPEL GeT  Main Transmission Concession  2,129  33  January, 2043  100.0%  524.4  COPEL GeT  TL Bateias - Jaguariaiva  138  -  August, 2031  100.0%  17.6  COPEL GeT  TL Bateias - Pilarzinho  32  -  March, 2038  100.0%  3.4  COPEL GeT  TL Foz - Cascavel Oeste  117  -  November, 2039  100.0%  15.4  COPEL GeT  Cerquilho III Substation  -  1  October, 2040  100.0%  41.9  COPEL GeT  TL Londrina - Figueira C2  Foz do Chopim - Salto Osório  102  -  August, 2042  100.0%  6.7  COPEL GeT  TL Assis - Paraguaçu Paulista C1 and C2  Paraguaçu Paulista II Substation  83  1  February, 2043  100.0%  7.5  COPEL GeT  Curitiba Norte Substation TL Bateias - Curitiba Norte  31  1  January, 2044  100.0%  11.8  COPEL GeT  Realeza Sul Substation  TL Foz do Chopim- Realeza Sul  52  1  September, 2044  100.0%  12.4  COPEL GeT  TL Assis - Londrina  122  -  September, 2044  100.0%  12.5  COPEL GeT  TL Araraquara II - Taubaté  334  -  October, 2040  100.0%  26.1  COPEL GeT  TL Baixo Iguaçu - Realeza  TL Baixo Iguaçu - Cascavel Oeste  TL Curitiba Centro - Uberaba  TL Curitiba Leste - Blumenau  Medianeira Norte Substation  Curitiba Centro Substation  Andirá Leste Substation  Baixo Iguaçu Substation  255  4  April, 2046  100%  148.9  Uirapuru (Copel GeT -  100%)  TL Ivaiporã - Londrina  122  -  March, 2035  100%  28.2  Costa Oeste (Copel GeT  - 100%)  LT Cascavel Oeste - Cascavel Norte  TL Cascavel Norte - Umuarama Sul  Umuarama Sul Substation  159  1  January, 2042  100%  18.3  Marumbi   (Copel GeT  - 100%)  TL Curitiba - Curitiba Leste  Curitiba Leste Substation  29  1  May, 2042  100%  26.2  Subtotal Copel GeT  3,705  43  901.3  Caiuá Transmissora  TL Guaíra - Umuarama Sul  TL Cascavel Norte - Cascavel Oeste  Santa Quitéria Substation / Cascavel Norte Substation  142  2  May, 2042  49.0%  15.8  Integração Maranhense  TL Açailandia-Miranda II  365  -  May, 2042  49.0%  23.7  Matrinchã  TL Paranaíta - Ribeirãozinho  2,033  4  May, 2042  49.0%  128.7  Guaraciaba  TL Ribeirãozinho - Marimbondo  930  1  May, 2042  49.0%  64.1  Paranaíba  TL Barreiras II - Pirapora II  967  -  May, 2043  24.5%  42.8  Cantareira  TL Estreito - Fernão Dias  656  -  September, 2044  49.0%  65.5  Mata de Santa Genebra  TL Araraquara II - - Itatiba TL Araraquara 2 - Fernão  Dias-  TL Bateias - Itatiba  887  1  May, 2044  50.1%  150.4  Subtotal SPCs  5,980  8  490.9  Total  9,685  51  1.392.2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our main transmission concessions encompass several transmission lines. Proportionate to our stake in the enterprise. Amounts relating to the 2022/2023 cycle (pursuant to REH 3.067/2022), without taking into account the adjustment parcel (PA). Considers assets that were operational on December 20, 2022.

In March 2019, Copel GeT signed a purchase and sale agreement with Centrais Elétricas Brasileiras SA and Fundação Eletrosul de Previdência e Assistencial Social - Elos to transfer 100% of shares issued by SPE Uirapuru Transmissora de Energia S.A. In June 2019 Copel GeT took over the stake control of the company. Refers to the equity interest held by Copel Geração e Transmissão.

Considers double circuits.

## Expansion and Maintenance of Transmission Facilities

The construction of new transmission facilities of 230 kV and higher must be awarded in a bidding process or otherwise authorized by ANEEL. We are permitted by ANEEL to make minor improvements to some of the existing 230 kV and 500 kV facilities.

In November 2013, SPC Mata de Santa Genebra Transmissora, a strategic partnership between us (50.1%) and Furnas (49.9%), won the right to build and operate 847 km of transmission lines and three substations in the States of Paraná and São Paulo. The construction schedule of the Mata de Santa Genebra project was affected by successive vandalism events, which resulted in the collapse of towers and theft of aluminum cables in transmission lines already installed and commissioned, in different sections of the project. On November 11, 2020, the LT 440 kV Fernão Dias / Taubaté, the last asset of the SPC Mata de Santa Genebra project, began its commercial operation. With the completion of these steps, the SPC Mata de Santa Genebra became fully operational. The project has an APR of R$300.3 million, of which R$150.4 million are related to our stake (considering the 2022-2023 tariff adjustment cycle).

In November 2015, Copel GeT won ANEEL's public auction No. 005/2015 for the construction and operation of 188 km of transmission lines in the States of Paraná and Santa Catarina, and three (3) substations in the State of Paraná, with a total capacity of 900 MVA. With an APR of R$148.9 million, the corresponding concession agreement was signed in April 2016, and the remaining facility which was still under construction, the transmission line Curitiba Leste - Blumenau, become operational in April 1, 2021. This facility has an APR of R$47.6 million, approved for 2022-2023 tariff adjustment cycle.

## Distribution

Our distribution system consists of a widespread grid of overhead lines and substations with voltages up to 138 kV assets. Higher Voltage electricity is supplied to bigger industrial and commercial customers and lower voltage electricity is supplied to residential, small industrial, and commercial customers in addition to other customers. As of December 31, 2022, we provided electricity in a geographic area encompassing approximately 97% of the State of Paraná and served 5.0 million customers.

Our distribution grid includes 208,133 km of distribution lines, 462,584 distribution transformers and 236 distribution substations of 34.5 kV, 36 substations of 69 kV and 117 substations of 138 kV. During 2022, 84,947 new captive customers were connected to our grid, including customers connected through the rural and urban electrification programs. We are continuing to implement compact grid design distribution lines in urban areas with large concentration of trees in the vicinity of the distribution grid.

We have three (3) captive customers that are directly supplied with energy at a high voltage (69 kV and above) through connections to our distribution lines. The volume of energy commercialized for these customers was 41,628 MWh in 2022.

We are also responsible for expanding the 138 kV and 69 kV distribution grid within our concession area to meet any future demand growth.

On  October  16,  2019  Copel  Distribuição  launched  a  program  to  modernize  its  distribution  grid  called  'Transformation  Program'  ( Programa  Transformação ).  The Transformation Program is comprised of three projects: 'Total Reliability' (Confiabilidade Total), 'Three-phase Paraná' (Paraná Trifásico) and 'Smart Grid Copel.' The goal is to improve infrastructure, particularly in rural areas, in order to enhance quality of energy supply and reduce supply restoration period in case of power outages. With investments of up to R$3.9 billion until 2025, which shall compose the Regulatory Remuneration Base, the Transformation Program involves the construction of approximately twenty-five 25,000 kilometers of power grids, 6,000 new automated power connections and the setting up of smart grid technology in the State of Paraná. The Smart Grid Project deals with the implementation of a communication  network  for  distribution  automation  equipment  and  for  smart  meters.  In  addition,  computer  systems  for  efficient  management  of  this  communication  network  are included in this project. The 'Transformation Program' project reached by December 2022, 10,506 km of power grids, and 4,510 new automated power connections. Furthermore, the smart grid project, reaches more than 432,000 consumers were impacted.

## Performance of the Distribution System

Total losses are commonly divided into a technical and non-technical component. Technical losses are inherent to the transportation of electricity and consist mainly of power dissipation in the line grid. Non-technical (or commercial) losses are caused by actions external to the power system (for instance, electricity theft). Since total losses are comprised of both technical and non-technical parcels, the latter is easily calculated as the difference between total losses and the estimated technical losses inherent to the system.

Total losses in our distribution system are segmented between (i) losses in the basic grid (tension equal to or greater than 230kV), which are external to our distribution grid and have a technical cause, and (ii) losses in the distribution grid (internal to our distribution grid), which are usually caused by both technical and non-technical reasons.

Losses in the basic grid are calculated monthly by the CCEE as the difference between the total generation and the energy effectively delivered to the distribution grids. The total losses from our distribution grid are calculated as the difference between the energy allocated to the system and the energy supplied to the customers.

Our total energy distribution losses (including transmission system, technical and commercial losses) totaled 9.0% of the total energy amount available in 2022, being (i) 1.4% related to losses in the basic grid, (ii) 5.7% of technical losses and (iii) 1.9% of non-technical losses.

ANEEL grants the transfer of all energy losses to the Final Customers when the real losses are less than regulatory losses. The calculation is made within the regulatory period, that is different from a civil year, and thereby we will know the result just in the next tariff adjustment, in June 2023. But our simulation indicates that in the civil year, from January through December 2022, we will have all losses transferred to the Final Customers.

Furthermore, ANEEL requires distributors to observe certain standards for 'energy supply continuity,' namely (i) duration of outages per customer per year or DEC Duração Equivalente de Interrupção por Unidade Consumidora and (ii) frequency of outages per customer per year or FEC Frequência Equivalente de Interrupção por Unidade Consumidora . Information regarding the duration and frequency of outages for our customers is set forth in the following chart for the years indicated.

| Quality of supply indicator  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  DEC - Duration of outages per customer per year (in hours)  7h59  7h13min  7h50min  09h07min  10h19min  FEC - Frequency of outages per customer per year (number of outages)  5.29  4.83  5.61  6.02  6.22   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We comply with the quality indicators defined by ANEEL for 2022, which penalizes power outages in excess of an average number of hours per customer, in each case calculated on an annual basis. These limits vary depending on the geographic region, and the average limit established by ANEEL for our distribution company was 9 hours and 11 minutes of outages per customer per year, and a total of 6.8 outages per customer per year. Failure to comply with these predetermined standards with a Final Customer results in a reduction of the amount we can charge such Final Customer in future periods.

In addition, quality target indicators are taken into consideration by ANEEL during distribution concession renewal proceedings, and also influence ANEEL's calculation of our tariff adjustments. For more information, see '-Concessions-Distribution Concessions' and '-The Brazilian Electric Power Industry-Distribution Tariffs.'

## Purchases for the captive market

The following table contains information concerning volume, cost and Average Tariff for the main sources of the electricity we purchased for the captive market in the last three years.

| Source  2022  2021  2020  Itaipu  Volume (GWh)  5,272  5,435  5,498  Cost (R$millions)  1,461.0  1,787.7  1,766.1  Average Tariff (R$/MWh)  227.12  328.92  321.23  Angra  Volume (GWh)  928  976  968  Cost (R$millions)  317.4  224.7  268.8  Average Tariff (R$/MWh)  342.03  230.23  277.89  CCGF  Volume (GWh)  5,901  5,916  6,136  Cost (R$millions)  755.2  686.3  669.9  Average Tariff (R$/MWh)  127.98  116.10  109.18  Auctions in the regulated market  Volume (GWh)  12,354  12,216  11,579  Cost (R$millions)  2,465.9  2,961.4  2,169.3  Average Tariff (R$/MWh)  199.60  242.42  187.34   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These numbers do not include assignments related to MCSD-EN and MVE.

These numbers do not include short-term energy purchased through the CCEE.

## Itaipu

We purchased 5,272 GWh of electricity from Itaipu in 2022, which constituted 8.4% of our total available electricity in 2022 and 20.7% of Copel Distribuição's total available electricity in 2022. Our purchases represented approximately 7.5% of Itaipu's total production. Distribution companies operating under concessions in the midwest, south and southeast regions of Brazil are required by law to purchase Brazil's portion of the energy generated by Itaipu in a proportion that correlates with the volume of electricity that they provide to customers. The rates at which these companies are required to purchase Itaipu's energy are fixed to cover Itaipu's operating expenses and payments of principal and interest on Itaipu's U.S. dollar-denominated borrowings, as well as the cost of transmitting the power to their concession areas. These rates are denominated in U.S. dollars and have been set for 2022 at US$16.19 per kW.

In 2022, we paid an Average Tariff of R$227.12/MWh for energy from Itaipu, compared to R$328.81/MWh in 2021. These figures do not include the transmission tariff that distribution companies must pay for the transmission of energy from Itaipu.

## ANGRA

Because Eletronuclear renewed the generation concession of Angra under the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, the energy generated by Angra is no longer sold in auctions in the regulated market. Rather, under the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, this energy is sold to distributors in accordance with the quota system established by said law. For more information, see 'Item 4. Information on the Company-The Brazilian Electric Power Industry.' As a result, Copel Distribuição was legally required to purchase 928 GWh from Angra in 2022, 976 GWh in 2021 and 968 GWh in 2020.

## Assured Energy Quota Contract - CCGF

Under the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, certain generation concessionaires renewed their concession contracts, and therefore these concessionaires no longer sell the energy produced by these generation facilities at auctions in the regulated market. Rather, this energy is sold to distribution companies in accordance with the quota system established by the 2013 Concession Renewal Law. For more information, see 'Item 4. Information on the Company-The Brazilian Electric Power Industry.' Copel Distribuição is obligated to purchase energy from these generation concessionaires that have renewed generation concessions under this quota system. Copel Distribução was legally required to purchase 5,901 GWh in CCGF contracts in 2022, 5,916 GWh in 2021 and 6,136 GWh in 2020.

## Auctions in the Regulated Market

In 2022, we purchased 12,354 GWh of thermoelectric and hydroelectric energy through auctions in the regulated market. This energy represents 48.6% of the total electricity purchased by the Copel Distribuição. For more information on the regulated market and the Free Market, see 'Item 4. Information on the Company-The Brazilian Electric Power Industry.'

## Sales to Captive Customers

During 2022, we supplied approximately 82.5% of the energy distributed directly to Captive Customers in the State of Paraná. Our concession area includes nearly 5.0 million customers located in the State of Paraná and in one municipality in the State of Santa Catarina, located in the south of the State of Paraná. During 2022, the total power consumption of our Captive Customers was 19,370 GWh, a 0.3% increase as compared to 19,312 GWh during 2021.

| Categories of purchaser  2022  2021  2020  (GWh)  Industrial customers  2,102  2,275  2,314  Residential  8,212  8,068  7,910  Commercial  4,295  4,149  4,172  Rural  2,357  2,461  2,451  Other  2,404  2,359  2,333  Total  19,370  19,312  19,180   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Includes public services such as street lighting, electricity supply for municipalities and other governmental agencies, as well as our own consumption. Total GWh does not include our energy losses.

## Sales to Free Customers

We operate in the ACL through our wholly owned subsidiaries Copel Geração e Transmissão and Copel Comercialização (Copel Mercado Livre). As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,491 Free Customers (of which 1,490 were customers of our energy trading company and 1 of Copel GeT), representing approximately 10.4% of our consolidated operating revenue and approximately 16.7% of the total quantity of electricity sold by us. During 2022, the total power consumption of our Free Customers was 11,498 GWh, a 20.6% increase as compared to 9,537 GWh during 2021.

| Categories of purchaser  2022  2021  2020  (GWh)  Industrial customers  9,402  8,176  7,308  Commercial  2,096  1,360  680  Total  11,498  9,537  7,989   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets forth the number of our Final Customers, considering both Captive and Free Customers, in each category as of December 31, 2022.

| Category  Number of Final Customers  Industrial  69,712  Residential  4,127,292  Commercial  430,359  Rural  331,938  Other  53,745  Total  5,013,046   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Includes street lighting, as well as electricity for municipalities and other governmental agencies, public services and own consumption.

Industrial and commercial customers accounted for approximately 8.4% and 16.9%, respectively, of our total revenues from energy sales to Final Customers of Captive Market during 2022. In 2022, 30.2% of our total revenues from energy sales were from to residential customers.

## Tariffs

Retail Tariffs. We classify our customers in two groups ('Group A Customers' and 'Group B Customers'), based on the voltage level at which electricity is supplied to them and on whether they are considered as industrial, commercial, residential or rural customers. Each customer falls within a certain tariff level defined by law and based on the customer's classification, although some flexibility is available according to the nature of each customer's demand. Under Brazilian regulation, low voltage customers such as residential customers (other than Low-income Residential Customers, as defined as follows) pay the highest tariff rates, followed by 13.8 kV and 34.5 kV voltage customers (usually commercial customers), and 69 kV and 138 kV voltage customers (usually industrial customers).

Group A Customers receive electricity at 2.3 kV or higher and the tariffs applied to them are based on the actual voltage level at which energy is supplied and the time of day the energy is supplied. Tariffs are comprised of two components: a 'capacity charge' and an 'energy charge.' The capacity charge, expressed in reais per kW, is based on the higher of (i) contracted firm capacity and (ii) power capacity actually used. The energy charge, expressed in reais per MWh, is based on the amount of electricity actually consumed as evidenced by our metering.

Group B Customers receive electricity at less than 2.3 kV, and the tariffs applied to them are comprised solely of an energy charge and are based on the classification of the customer.

ANEEL restates our tariffs annually, usually in June. For more information about the distribution tariff adjustments that have been made by ANEEL in recent years, see 'Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects-Overview-Rates and Prices.'

The following table sets forth the Average Tariffs for each category of Final Customer.

| Tariffs  2022  2021  2020  (R$/MWh)  Industrial  506.44  540.97  487.41  Residential  530.23  530.98  498.82  Commercial  598.00  629.62  574.57  Rural  570.28  589.41  489.57  Other customers  407.55  401.34  356.03  Retail supply average tariff  583.46  592.17  537.81   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Considers December as the reference month; (ii) Net revenue from 'electricity sales to final customers' and 'Use of the main distribution and transmission grid'; and (iii) Does not consider tariff flags.

Low-income Residential Customers .  Under Brazilian law, we are required to provide low level rates to certain low-income residential customers ('Low-income Residential Customers').  In  December  2022,  we  served  approximately  575,136  low-income  residential  customers.  For  servicing  these  customers,  in  2022  we  received  an  R$151.6  million compensation from the Brazilian government, which was approved by ANEEL.

The following table sets forth the current minimum discount rates approved by ANEEL for each category of Low-income Residential Customer.

| Consumption  Discount from base tariff  Up to 30 kWh per month  65%  From 31 to 100 kWh per month  40%  From 101 to 220 kWh per month  10%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Special Customers. A customer of our distribution business that consumes at least 500 kW (a 'Special Customer') may choose its energy supplier if that supplier derives its energy from alternative sources, such as small hydroelectric plants, wind plants or biomass plants. A Special Customer that chooses to purchase energy from a supplier other than Copel Geração e Transmissão continues to use our distribution grid and to pay our distribution tariff. However, as an incentive for Special Customers to purchase from alternative sources, we are  required  to  reduce  the  tariff  paid  by  Special  Customers  by  50%.  This  discount  is  subsidized  by  the  Brazilian  government,  and  therefore  does  not  impact  the  revenues  of  our distribution business.

Transmission Tariffs . A transmission concessionaire is entitled to annual revenues based on the transmission grid it owns and operates. These revenues are annually readjusted according to criteria stipulated in the concession contract. We are directly a party to twelve (12) transmission concession contracts in operation. Not all of the transmission concession contracts employ the same revenue model, 2.1% of our transmission revenues are updated on an annual basis by the IGP-M and the other 97.9% are subject to the tariff review process.

The first periodic revision related to our Main Transmission Concession scheduled for 2005 was only carried out in 2007, at which point ANEEL reduced the tariffs by 15.08%. This adjustment was applied retroactively to July 2005, and was passed on to our Final Customers until June 2009. In addition, in July 2010 pursuant to a second periodic revision of our principal  concession,  ANEEL  granted  provisional  approval  of  a  reduction  in  our  transmission  tariff  by  22.88%,  applied  to  the  revenues  of  new  installations  in  the  Interconnected Transmission System, and applied retroactively from July 1, 2009 onward. In June 2011, ANEEL reviewed the figures of the second periodic revision and reduced the annual revenues by 19.94%. The remainder of our annual revenues was subject to adjustment by IGP-M or IPCA, as applicable.

By late 2012, we decided to anticipate the extension of our main transmission concession agreement (corresponding to 78% of our transmission lines then in operation) that would expire in 2015, pursuant to the new rules of the 2013 Concession Renewal Law. In December 2012, we executed the Third Addendum to the Concession Agreement 060/2001, extending this transmission concession agreement until December 31, 2042. In order to adjust these assets' annual permitted revenue to the new rules of 2013 Concession Renewal Law, ANEEL reduced the transmission tariffs we charged by 61.9%.

Of all our transmission concessions in operational stage, our main transmission concession (which involves our main transmission facilities) accounted for about 71% of our gross transmission revenues in 2019. In addition, we have ten (10) concession agreements for transmission lines and substations in operation and one (1) partially in operation, which correspond to an aggregate of 29% of our transmission revenues. The amount of revenues we are entitled to receive pursuant to one (1) of these contracts is updated on an annual basis by the IGP-M and is not subject to the tariff review process, but, pursuant to the terms set forth in this agreement, our revenues were reduced by 50% starting in June 2018. Other ten (10) agreements revenues are subject to the tariff review process and adjustments by the IPCA.

In relation to our main concession agreement, on April 22, 2016, Ordinance No. 120/2016 of the Ministry of Mines and Energy determined that the amounts ratified by ANEEL related to the non-depreciated transmission assets existing on May 31, 2000 (Basic Grid Existing System 'RBSE') should be incorporated to the Regulatory Remuneration Base, and that their cost of capital should be added to APR. The Ordinance also determined that the cost of capital would be composed of compensation and depreciation installments, plus related taxes, and recognized as of the 2017 tariff revision process, with adjustments and revisions in accordance with contractual conditions.

Also pursuant to the above mentioned Ordinance, the cost of capital not incorporated between the concessions' extensions and the 2017 tariff revision process should be restated at the real cost of own capital of the transmission segment defined by ANEEL (10.4%) and, after the tariff revision process, it should be remunerated at the Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) of 6.6%, also defined by that agency.

On May 9, 2017, ANEEL approved the result of the inspection of the appraisal report of the transmission assets existing on May 31, 2000 (RBSE and Other Transmission Facilities  -  RPC)  related  to  our  main  transmission  concession  agreement.  The  Agency recognized the amount of R$667.6 million as the net value of the assets for the purposes of indemnification as of December 31, 2012. As of December 31, 2017, the net value of those assets for the purposes of indemnification amounted to R$1,418.4 million.

On June 27, 2017, ANEEL approved the Annual Permitted Revenue ( Receita Anual Permitida , or APR) of the transmission assets of Copel GeT for the 2017/2018 cycle, including the commencement of receipt of the RBSE indemnification of our main transmission concession agreement.

In  2017(i)  our  main  transmission  concession  agreement  was  adjusted  by  the  IPCA  and  by  the  portion  related  the  commencement  of  receipt  of  the  RBSE  indemnification (average increase of 151.3%) (ii) one of our transmission concession agreements was adjusted by the IPCA and improvements to the system were approved by ANEEL (average increase of 3.7%), (iii) six transmission concession agreements were adjusted by the IPCA (3.6%), (iv) one transmission concession agreement was adjusted by the IGP-M (1.6%), and (v) one transmission agreement became operational in August 2017, adding R$18.9 million of annual permitted revenues. As a result, the annual permitted revenues for the 2017/2018 cycle for our transmission assets reflected an increase of 121.2% over our annual permitted revenues for the 2016/2017 cycle.

In June 2018, ANEEL approved the APR for the 2018/2019 cycle, considering (i) an adjustment of relevant amounts by the IGP-M and IPCA indexes, and (ii) the expansion of our transmission system with upgrades and revenues from other works classified as improvement measures.

Compared to our total APR for the 2017/2018 cycle, the APR of our main concession for the 2018/2019 cycle was reduced by 8.1%, as a result of the correction of a prior calculation made by ANEEL, which take into account certain financial and economic portions of unamortized and unrepaired assets related to the RBSE when determining the assets of the Regulatory Remuneration Base in the prior cycle.

The APR of concession No. 075/2001 was reduced by approximately 30.5%, as a result of a 50% reduction of the APR starting at the 16 anniversary of commercial operation, which occurred during the 2018/2019 cycle. Two of our concession agreements (022/2012 and 002/2013) were subject to a periodic review, which resulted in a lower APR in connection with increasing revenues related to upgrade works.

In June 2019, ANEEL approved the APR for the 2019/2020 cycle, considering (i) an adjustment of relevant amounts by the IGP-M and IPCA indexes, and (ii) the expansion of our transmission system with upgrade works and revenues from other works classified as improvement measures.

In 2020, in the scope of the tariff review process for the contracts extended under Law No. 12,783/2013, holders of assets belonging to RBSE had their review ratified in June 2020 despite originally being scheduled for 2018, due to a two-year delay and the retroactive effects of REN 880/2020 on the 2018 tariff year. For us, this process was ratified through Homologation Resolution No. 2,715/2020 for concession agreement No. 060/2001, granted to Copel GeT. During review process, ANEEL decided that starting on the 2020/2021 cycle, the renumeration portion of the RBSE would be calculated by the cost of equity ('KE') as provided for in Ordinance MME No. 120/2016. The value not received during the three previous cycles (2017-2020) will be incorporated into the next three cycles (2020-2023) by the means of an Adjustment Installment ( Parcela de Ajuste ).

In view of the strong tariff impact of the increased risk of default in the electricity sector caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, on April 22, 2021, ANEEL changed the timeline for the payment of the financial component of the RBSE/RPC for 8 years and gradually for all the transmission concession agreements renewed under the terms of Law No. 12,783/2013. The new rule was approved by Resolution No. 2,847, of 04.22.2021, which changed the result of the periodic review of the APR, ratified in 2020, associated with Concession Agreement No. 060/2001.

Additionally, by means of Homologation Resolution No. 2,725/2020, ANEEL established the readjustment of APRs for electric energy transmission assets for the 2020-2021 cycle, effective from July 1, 2020 until June 30, 2021. According to this resolution, Copel GeT's transmission asset APRs for the 2020-2021 cycle were R$777.2 million, of which R$703.4 million correspond to the revenue of operational assets. Considering the homologated APRs for the Special Purpose Companies (Sociedades de Propósito Específicos) in which Copel GeT has 100%, APR for the cycle were R$773.2. With the others in which it has equity ownership, the total consolidated value for Copel GeT is R$1,146.0 million. Along with beginning of commercial operations of Mata de Santa Genebra assets in its totality in 2020, GeT's total consolidated value is R$1,161.2 million.

On July 13, 2021, ANEEL readjusted the APRs for electric energy transmission assets for the cycle from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022 through Resolutions 2,895/2021 and 2,959/2021. Copel GeT's transmission assets APR was set at R$792.2 million of assets in operation. Considering the APRs approved for the Special Purpose Companies 100% owened by Copel Geração e Transmissão, the total consolidated amount reached R$1,220.1 million.

On  July  14,  2022,  ANEEL,  through  Ratifying  Resolution  No.  3067/2022,  established  the  readjustment  of  the  Allowed  Annual  Revenues  ('RAP')  for  electric  power transmission concessionaires for the 2022-2023 cycle, effective from from July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023. According to the resolution, the RAP of the transmission concessions of Copel Geração e Transmissão for the 2022/2023 cycle is R$ 849.2 million, of which R$ 824 .2 million correspond to the RAP of assets in operation. Also, considering the approved RAP for the  SPCs in which Copel Geração e Transmissão has a 100% shareholding, the total RAP value is R$921.9 million, of which R$896.9 million correspond to the RAP of assets in operation. Throughout 2022, some reinforcements authorized by Aneel for Concession Contracts 060/2001 and 006/2008 were considered and, therefore, the RAP of assets in operation was increase to R$ 901.3 million.

The table below shows our APR (R$million) for the last three cycles of transmission lines over which we hold a 100% ownership in December 31, 2022:

| Contract  Transmission Line / Substation  Jul. 2022  Jun.2023  Jul. 2021  Jun.2022  Jul. 2020  Jun. 2021  APR (R$million)  060/2001  Main Transmission Concession  524.4  459.4  505.4  075/2001  Bateias - Jaguariaiva  17.6  15.9  11.6  006/2008  Bateias - Pilarzinho  3.4  1.2  1.1  027/2009  Foz do Iguaçu - Cascavel Oeste  15.4  13.8  12.7  015/2010  Cerquilho III  6.7  6.0  5.2  022/2012  Foz do Chopim - Salto Osório  Londrina - Figueira C2  7.5  6.7  6.2  002/2013  Assis - Paraguaçu Paulista II C1 and C2  SE Paraguaçu Paulista II  11.8  10.5  9.7  005/2014  Bateias - Curitiba Norte  SE Curitiba Norte  12.4  11.1  10.2  021/2014  Foz do Chopim - Realeza  12.5  11.2  8.0  022/2014  Assis - Londrina  26.1  23.3  20.8  010/2010  Araraquara 2 - Taubaté  41.9  37.5  32.0  006/2016  TL Baixo Iguaçu - Realeza;  TL Baixo Iguaçu - Cascavel Oeste;  TL Uberaba - Curitiba Centro;  TL Curitiba Leste - Blumenau;  SE Medianeira;  SE Curitiba Centro;  SE Andirá leste;  SE Baixo Iguaçu;  Demais Seccionamentos  148.9  133.3  80.5  002/2005  Uirapuru  28.2  26.0  37.1  001/2012  Costa Oeste  18.3  14.8  12.8  008/2012  Marumbi  26.2  21.5  19.9  Total  901.3  792.2  773.2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our main transmission concessions encompass several transmission lines.

This transmission line became operational in January 2017.

This transmission line became operational in August 2017.

This transmission line became operational in July 2018.

In June 2019, Copel Geração e Transmissão S.A. became the owner of 100% of the project.

In August 2018, Copel Geração e Transmissão S.A. became the owner of 100% of the project.

## Other Businesses

## Gas

## Gas Distribution

The concession for piped gas distribution services, granted to Compagas on July 6, 1994, was renewed in 2022, by the Government of the State of Paraná, for an additional 30 years starting July 6, 2024, and valid until July 6, 2054. As a result of the early renewal, we came under a new contract that altered the concession's tariff structure from a tariff based on the cost of production (cost plus) to a tariff defined on the basis of a price-cap, which foresees investments and actions that will allow us to bring natural gas to an increasing number of people in Paraná, with efficiency, safety, competitiveness, and innovation. Our corporate purpose is to provide piped gas distribution services to meet consumer demand in the industrial, commercial, residential, institutional, transportation, and other segments that may require the service in compliance with the legal provisions and in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 25 of the Federal Constitution.

The gas concession agreement provides that the investments made by Compagas were to be recovered through the collection of tariffs paid by the end users of the public service and the possible remaining part should be indemnified by the granting authority, the State of Paraná, at the end of the concession.

For the new concession period, over R$ 2.5 billion investments are foreseen, in addition to the connection of over 60 thousand new users and the implementation of new pipelines. We will also allocate resources to the technological area and to the inclusion of biomethane in the supply matrix, with a focus on delivering clean energy and reinforcing our commitment to sustainability goals.

The activity of distributing piped gas in the State of Paraná is regulated by the Regulatory Agency for Delegated Public Services of Paraná (AGEPAR), which is responsible, among others, for overseeing the distribution service and approving tariff adjustments and revisions.

Compagas covered 864 kilometers in 2022, an increase of 1.4% compared to 852 kilometers covered in 2021. Compagas's net revenues were R$1,297.0 million, an increase of 65.6%, compared to 2021 (R$783.3 million), and its net income was R$179.2 million, an increase of 79.9% compared to 2021. Compagas' customers include industries, gas stations, other businesses, residences and Araucária Thermoelectric plan. Compagas is focusing its business strategy on increasing the volume of gas it distributes to customers by marketing the benefits of substituting oil and other fuels by gas as a mean of achieving greater energy efficiency. Compagas' customer base increased 3.2%, to 53,009 customers in 2022 from 51,000 in 2021. Compagas registered an increase of 6.2% in the average daily volume of natural gas distributed to Final Customers, to 948,295 cubic meters per day in 2022 compared to 893,203 cubic meters per day in 2021 (not including the volume of gas supplied to Araucária Thermoelectric Plant). In addition, Compagas makes its distribution grid available to transport natural gas to Araucária TPP. The volume of natural gas supplied from Petrobras and distributed by Compagas to Araucária TPP, was 137,070 cubic meters per day in 2022, compared to 1,212,597 cubic meters per day in 2021.

As of December 31, 2022, we held a controlling stake (51%) of the capital stock of Compagas and consolidated this equity interest in our financial statements. The minority shareholders of Compagas are Commit and Mitsui Gás, each of which owns 24.5% of the capital stock of Compagas.

## Gas Exploration

In  the  12  bidding  round  of  National  Petroleum  Agency  ( Agência  Nacional  do  Petróleo 'ANP'),  held  at  the  end  of  2013,  the  consortium  formed  by  us  (30%),  Bayar Participações (30%), Tucumann Engenharia (10%) and Petra Energia (30%), the latter acting as operating company, won the right to explore, research, develop and produce natural gas in four blocks located in the central southern region of the State of Paraná, in a 11,327 km² area. The minimum investment in the first phase of the research is approximately R$78.1 million for a 4-year term. We and our partners have signed the concession contracts for 2 blocks in May 2014. However, because of a public civil action the first phase of exploration for these two blocks was halted and the signing of the other two concession contracts was prohibited. On June 7, 2017, a court decision held that all the bidding round and the agreements related thereto should be deemed null and void. Moreover, the Government of the State of Paraná enacted Law No. 19,878 (July 3, 2019), forbidding the exploration of shale gas through the drilling/fracking method.

As a result of the above-mentioned events, our consortium requested ANP to release it from its contractual obligations, with no liabilities and with reimbursement of the signing bonuses and costs incurred in connection with guarantees and release of such guarantees for the four blocks. An injunction was granted determining the suspension of all the activities for the four blocks in connection with the above mentioned public civil action, which awaits a decision from the Federal Court of Appeals of the 4 Region. In response, in October 2018, the consortium initiated an arbitration procedure with the ANP for the two blocks whose concession contracts were signed, asking for the refund of the contributions made. The arbitral award was published in May 2022. The Consortium was given the right to resign from the contractual obligations, however the arbitrators rejected the request for reimbursement of the costs incurred with the signing of the contracts. Proceedings were filed to enforce the arbitral award. The calculation of the amounts to be reimbursed is in the final stage. In relation to the other two blocks, the administrative process before the ANP for the return of signature bonuses was completed. Part of the amounts required by us in this process were returned by the ANP in November 2021. Regarding the remaining amount, we are studying how to charge the ANP.

## Gas Natural Power Plants

New business studies. On January 14, 2020, we and Shell Brasil Petróleo formed the Consortium 'Copel Energia a Gás Natural' aiming to develop feasibility studies for natural gas power plants in the State of Paraná. The consortium hired consultants to provide specialized technical services to conduct studies to identify the best location for the implementation of natural gas-fired thermoelectric projects in the state. In view of our decarbonization goal, the original project was terminated, but the consortium remains in place to evaluate other business opportunities.

TPP Araucária ('UEGA'). On November 4, 2022, we informed the market of further studies for a potential divestment of our equity interest in UEG Araucária S.A. 'UEGA.' This initiative is part of the decarbonization process of our generation matrix, in line with our Strategic Business Planning - 2030 Vision. On December 22, 2022, we formalized the start of the divestment process of 100% of UEGA's shares, together with our Petrobras, through a competitive procedure, which is in the non-binding phase. For more information see 'Item 4. Information on the Company-Significant Changes In Our Business-Disinvestment in UEGA'.

## CONCESSIONS

We operate under concessions granted by the Brazilian government for our generation, transmission and distribution businesses. Under Brazilian law, concessions are subject to competitive bidding processes at the end of their respective terms.

## 2013 Concession Renewal Law

Until 2013, the Brazilian rules governing generation concessions gave concessionaires the right to renew for additional 20-year concession contracts that were entered into prior to December 11, 2003. For transmission and distribution concessions granted after 1995, concessionaires had the right to renew these contracts for an additional 30-year period.

On  September  11,  2012,  the  Brazilian  government  enacted  the  Provisional  Measure  No.  579,  subsequently  converted  into  the  2013  Concession  Renewal  Law,  which significantly  changed  the  conditions  under  which  concessionaires  are  able  to  renew  concession  contracts.  Under  the  2013  Concession  Renewal  Law,  generation,  transmission  and distribution concessionaires may renew the concessions that were in effect as of 1995 (and, in the case of generation facilities, generation concession contracts entered into prior to 2003) for an additional period of 30 years (or an additional 20-year period in the case thermal plants), provided that the concessionaire agrees to amend the concession contract to reflect a series  of  new  conditions  that  aim  to  ensure  that  services  are  provided  in  a  continuous  and  efficient  fashion  and  subject  to  low  tariffs.  Under  the  2013  Concession  Renewal  Law, concessionaires must decide 60 months before the end of each concession term (or 24 months with respect to thermal plant concessions that it is 24 months) whether to amend and renew a concession contract or to terminate each concession contract at the end of its respective term.

For concessionaires of generation facilities existing at that time, the 2013 Concession Renewal Law changed the scope of the concession contracts at the moment they were renewed. Previously,  a  generation  concessionaire  had  the  right  to  sell  the  energy  generated  by  the  facilities  subject  to  its  concession  for  profit.  In  contrast,  generation  concessions renewed pursuant to the 2013 Concession Renewal Law do not grant concessionaires the right to sell the energy generated by these facilities. Instead, these concessions only cover the operation and maintenance of the generation facilities, subject to quality standards determined by Brazilian authorities. The energy generated by these facilities are allocated by the Brazilian government in quotas to the regulated market, for purchase by distribution concessionaires. For new generation facilities (i.e., generation facilities operated after the 2013 Concession Renewal Law), on the other hand, the concessionaire still has the right to sell the energy produced by the generation facility.

In  addition  to  changing  the  scope  of  generation  concessions,  the  2013  Concession  Renewal  Law  establishes  a  new  tariff  regime  that  significantly  affects  the  treatment  of amounts to be invested by concessionaires to improve and maintain generation plants. To this effect, several regulations were issued by MME and ANEEL to regulate the compensation due to concessionaires as a result of their investments to improve and maintain generation plants.

The 2013 Concession Renewal Law affects transmission and distribution concessions differently. The principal change is that amounts invested in modernization projects, structural reforms, equipment and contingencies are subject to prior ANEEL approval. However, the 2013 Concession Renewal Law does not affect the manner in which distribution and transmission concessionaires may recover amounts invested in transmission infrastructure.

With respect to the transmission agreements, the conditions for renewal set forth in the 2013 Concession Renewal Law are the acceptance of a fixed income as determined by ANEEL and compliance with quality standards set forth in applicable regulation.

The Federal Government issued Decree 11,314/2022 that regulates the bidding and the extension of transmission concessions at the end of their term, conditioning the extension of the concession when the bidding is unfeasible or results in damage to the public interest, as long as the concessionaire formalizes the extension request at least 36 months before the end of the concession.

With  respect  to  distribution  agreements,  the  conditions  are  set  forth  in  the  amendment  to  the  concession  agreement  and  are  related  to  compliance  with  quality  standards, economic-financial sustainability indicators and corporate governance as set forth in the amendment to the concession agreement according to the parameters provided in the 2013 Concession Renewal Law.

The 2013 Concession Renewal Law applies to all generation, transmission and distribution contracts that were in effect as of 1995 (and, in the case of generation concessions, entered into prior to 2003), regardless of whether a contract grants to the concessionaire the right to renew a concession on its original terms. For example, several of our concession contracts contain provisions allowing us to renew these concessions for a period of 20 years. Under the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, in order to renew these contracts, we nonetheless would be required to accept the application of the conditions imposed by the 2013 Concession Renewal Law to the contract, and the concession contract would then be renewed for 30 years, rather than 20 years. If we choose to renew a concession contract that contains a renewal provision, we would be indemnified by the Brazilian government using funds from the RGR Fund (see Energy Sector Regulatory Charges) in an amount equal to the portion of our investments related to the concession that have not yet been amortized or depreciated, as calculated by ANEEL.

If  a  concessionaire  decides  not  to  accept  the  new  tariff  regime  with  respect  to  a  concession  contract  and  therefore  decides  not  to  renew  the  contract,  the  concession  will terminate at the end of its original term, and the Brazilian government will conduct a new competitive bidding process for the concession. The original concessionaire may participate in the new competitive bidding process.

In  the  case  of  hydroelectric  generation  concessions  with  an  installed  capacity  of  more  than  5,000  kW,  upon  the  expiration  of  their  original  term  and  provided  that  the concessionaire does not request the extension of such term, the granting authority may submit the concession to a new bidding process. In the case of concessions for hydroelectric generation units with an installed capacity of 5,000 kW or less, upon the expiration of their original term, the concessions may be granted to the current concessionaire in the form of registration, for an indefinite term.

## Generation Concessions

Of the nineteen (19) hydroelectric plants we operated in 2022, fourteen (14) were operated under the generation concession contracts that were in force prior to the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, and five (5) were operated in accordance with the 2013 Concession Renewal Law (Capivari Cachoeira HPP, Chopim I HPP, Marumbi HPP, Mauá HPPand Colíder HPP). In 2013, 12 of the 13 hydro and thermoelectric generation concessions operated by us in 2013 (exception made only to Rio dos Patos HPP) were extended pursuant to the old regime and could be renewed again under the 2013 Concession Renewal Law.

However, at the time the 2013 Concession Renewal Law was enacted, we elected not to renew the following generation concessions: Rio dos Patos (2014), Mourão I (2015), Chopim I (2015) and Capivari Cachoeira (2015), all of which had remaining terms of 60 months or less. Please see below for further information on each of these concessions.

Foz  do  Areia  HPP .  Copel  Geração  e  Transmissão  did  not  elect  to  renew  the  original  concession  pursuant  the  2013  Concession  Renewal  Law  for  the  Foz  do  Areia  HPP (Governador Bento Munhoz da Rocha Netto). However, in order to obtain a new concession for the Foz do Areia HPP for 30 years, Copel GeT transferred the ownership of this HPP to its subsidiary, the SPC F.D.A. Geração de Energia Elétrica S.A (F.D.A) on March 3, 2020, and, on the same date, requested a new concession from the Ministry of Mines and Energy pursuant to Federal Decree no. 9,271/2018, amended by Federal Decree No. 10,135/2019 and No. 10,893/2021, which allows this renewal associated with the sale of shares of the concession holder, within 12 months of the end of the term. On December 23, 2022, Decree No. 9,271 was further amended by Decree No. 11,307, to also enable the renewal of grants by sale of shares of a holder through a public offering of shares. This alternative is in line with the intention of the controlling shareholder to transform us into a company with dispersed capital and without a controlling shareholder. We have requested to the MME the full renewal of the concession of our plants of HPP Foz do Areia, HPP Segredo and HPP Caxias, with the maintenance of 100% of participation.

Rio dos Patos HPP . The concession of Rio dos Patos HPP was terminated and not submitted to a further bidding process due to the lack operational conditions.

Mourão I and Capivari Cachoeira HPP .  The granting authority submitted the concessions for HPP Capivari Cachoeira and Mourão I to new bidding processes, pursuant to which new agreements should be in force for a 30-year period. Copel GeT was the winner in the bidding process related to HPP Capivari Cachoeira. With respect to Capivari Cachoeira, although Copel GeT did not elect to renew the original concession for the Capivari Cachoeira HPP, it participated in the new competitive bidding process and won. On January 5, 2016, Copel GeT executed a concession agreement with ANEEL so that it will continue to operate this plant under an operation and maintenance regime until 2046. We paid a total amount of R$574.8 million as signing bonus for this concession agreement. 100.0% of the energy generated by this plant in 2016 was allocated in quotas to the regulated market, and reduced to 70.0% on January 1, 2017. Copel GeT can sell remaining amount of energy generated by this plant on the Free Market or Spot Market.

Chopin I HPP . As the installed capacity of Chopin I HPP also does not exceed 5,000 kW, the concession regime of this plant has been changed to a registration in our favor, valid for an indefinite term. In addition, pursuant to the same statute, we may notify the granting authority of our intention to extend: (i) in 2024, the concession of Apucaraninha HPP ; and (ii) in 2025, the concessions of Guaricana and Chaminé HPPs . In the event we do not request the extension of these concessions, they will be subject to new bidding processes conducted by the granting authority.

Figueira TPP. Our concession for the Figueira TPP expired on March 26, 2019. We had filed an extension request with respect to this plant on May 24, 2017, but we are still waiting for the granting authority to amnd our concession agreement, extending its term for an additional 20-year period in accordance with the 2013 Concession Renewal Law. This plant has an installed capacity equivalent to 20 MW and underwent a recent modernization process.

With respect to the concessions granted between 2011 and 2017 with no renewal right attached, we acquired the right to renew only one of the hydroelectric plants (HPP Cavernoso II) for a 30-year period, as a result of an amendment to the 2013 Concession Renewal Law by Law No. 13,360, of November 17, 2016.

In accordance with the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, we could have flagged to the granting authority by 2019 our intention to renew the concession of HPP São Jorge. However, we elected not to renew such concession and, consequently, we will be able to operate such HPP until July 2026 and request the conversion of this operating regime into a registration regime, as the installed capacity does not exceed 5,000 kW.

Concessions for generation projects granted after December 11, 2003 were not affected by the 2013 Concession Renewal Law and are non-renewable, meaning that upon expiration of their 35-year term, the concession will be granted subject to a new competitive bidding process. In 2019, we had three (3) hydroelectric plants operating in this condition (HPP Mauá, HPP Colíder and HPP Baixo Iguaçu).

In September 2020, the GSF Law was passed, which established new conditions for the renegotiation of hydrological risk of electricity generation, amending Article 2 of Law No. 13,203/2015, among other measures. This procedure was regulated through Normative Resolution No. 895/2020, in which ANEEL established the methodology for calculating compensation to the owners of hydroelectric plants participating in the MRE. It also regulated the repatriation of hydrological risk to equate the issue of GSF and open debts in CCEE to allow for the return of normalcy and greater liquidity in the short-term electricity market, in exchange for the extension of the terms of grants given to hydroelectric plants to up to seven years.

In 2021, the government issued new legislation that changed the calculation method applied by CCEE for the financial compensation to plants participating in the MRE. For our plants 16 plants that adhered to the method, the compensation amount was R$1,570.5 million. ANEEL extended the terms of our grantings that adhered to new method to a total of 15,217 days (Resolutions No. 2,919 and No. 2932).

In 2022, ANEEL authorized the extension of concession grants and authorizations and approved the amendment to the concession contracts for projects with our participation through Authorizing Resolutions nº 11,345/2022, nº 12,255/2022 and No. 11,132/2022.

The following tables sets forth information relating to the actual terms as well as the renewals of our main generation hydroelectric, thermoelectric and wind farm plants and all of which we hold a direct ownership interest in:

| Hydroelectric Plants  Initial concession date  First expiration date  Extension Date  Final expiration date  Foz do Areia  May, 1973  May, 2003  January, 2001  December, 2024  Apucaraninha  October, 1975  October, 2005  April, 2003  January, 2027  Guaricana  August, 1976  August, 2006  August, 2005  July, 2028  Chaminé  August, 1976  August, 2006  August, 2005  August, 2028  Segredo  November, 1979  November, 2009  September, 2009  September, 2032  Derivação do Rio Jordão  November, 1979  November, 2009  September, 2009  June, 2032  Salto Caxias  May, 1980  May, 2010  September, 2009  March, 2033  Mauá  June, 2007  July, 2042  Not extendable  May, 2047  Colíder  January, 2011  January, 2046  Not extendable  January, 2046  Cavernoso II  February, 2011  February, 2046  Not extendable  December, 2050  Baixo Iguaçu  August, 2012  August, 2047  Not extendable  December, 2049  SHP Bela Vista  May, 2007  January, 2041  Extendable  January, 2041   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In March 3, 2020, the concession of Foz do Areia was transferred from Copel GeT to FDA pursuant to ANEEL Authorizing Resolution no. 8.578/2020. Copel GeT owns 100% of FDA Geração de Energia S.A. Mauá was constructed by Consórcio Energético Cruzeiro do Sul, of which we own 51.0% and Eletrosul owns the remaining 49.0%.

Baixo Iguaçu was constructed by Consórcio Empreendedor Baixo Iguaçu, of which we own 30% and Geração Céu Azul the remaining 70%. The commercial operations of generation units 1, 2 and 3 of Baixo Iguaçu's began in February 2019, Feburary 2019 and April 2019, respectively.

The consortium CBVG, formed by Copel GeT and Foz do Chopim Energética Ltda., won ANEEL Auction No. 003/2018 for SHP Bela Vista. In April 2019, the authorization to operate SHP Bela Vista was transferred from Foz do Chopim Energética Ltda. to Bela Vista Geração de Energia S.A through the ANEEL's Authorizing Resolution no. 7,802/2019. In December 2019, Copel GeT became the owner of 100% of Bela Vista Geração de Energia. The commercial operations of generation units 1, 2 and 3 began in June 2021, July 2021 and August 2021 respectively. This power plant is still under construction. Tems in this collum consider the extended term of the grantings.

| Thermoelectric Plants  Initial concession date  First expiration date  Extension date  Final expiration date  Figueira  March 1969  March 1999  June 1999  March 2019   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We are currently waiting for the granting authority to amend our concession agreement with respect to TPP Figueira, extending the concession of the Thermoelectric Plant for another 20 years, pursuant to the applicable law.

| Wind Plants  Initial concession date  First expiration date  Asa Branca I  April, 2011  April, 2046  Asa Branca II  May, 2011  May, 2046  Asa Branca III  May, 2011  May, 2046  Eurus IV  April, 2011  April, 2046  Santa Maria  May, 2012  May, 2047  Santa Helena  April, 2012  April, 2047  Ventos de Santo Uriel  April, 2012  April, 2047  Boa Vista  April, 2011  April, 2046  Farol  April, 2011  April, 2046  Olho D'Água  June, 2011  June, 2046  São Bento do Norte  May, 2011  May, 2046  Cutia  January, 2012  January, 2042  Guariju  January, 2012  January, 2042  Jangada  January, 2012  January, 2042  Maria Helena  January, 2012  January, 2042  Palmas  September, 1999  September, 2029  Potiguar  May, 2015  May, 2050  Esperança do Nordeste  May, 2015  May, 2050  Paraíso dos Ventos do Nordeste  May, 2015  May, 2050  São Bento do Norte I  August, 2015  August, 2050  São Bento do Norte II  August, 2015  August, 2050  São Bento do Norte III  August, 2015  August, 2050  São Miguel I  August, 2015  August, 2050  São Miguel II  August, 2015  August, 2050  São Miguel III  August, 2015  August, 2050  Jandaíra I  April, 2020  April, 2055  Jandaíra II  April, 2020  April, 2055  Jandaíra III  April, 2020  April, 2055  Jandaíra IV  April, 2020  April, 2055  Vila Maranhão I  January, 2019  January, 2054  Vila Maranhão II  January, 2019  January, 2054  Vila Maranhão III  January, 2019  January, 2054  Vila Ceará I  January, 2019  January, 2054  Ventos de Vila Mato Grosso I  December, 2019  December, 2054  Aventura II  June 2018  June 2053  Aventura III  June 2018  June 2053  Aventura IV  June 2018  June 2053  Aventura V  June 2018  June 2053  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo I  June 2018  June 2053  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo II  June 2018  June 2053  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo III  June 2018  June 2053  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo IV  June 2018  June 2053  Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo V  June 2018  June 2053   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Wind plants located at our Cutia wind farm complex.

The consortium formed by Copel GeT and Cutia Empreendimentos Eólicos S.A., won ANEEL Auction no. 004/2019 for Jandaíra Wind Complex (I, II, III and IV).

Vilas Complex, located in the State of Rio Grande do Norte, which we acquired in November 2021.

Aventura Complex, located in the State of Rio Grande do Norte, which we acquired in January 2023

Santa Rosa e Mundo Novo Complex, located in the State of Rio Grande do Norte, which we acquired in January 2023

The following table sets forth information relating to the terms of our generation hydroelectric plant, whose concession agreement has been executed under the terms and conditions of the 2013 Concession Renewal Law:

| Hydroelectric Plants  Initial concession date  First expiration date  Extension date  Final expiration date  Capivari Cachoeira (Gov Parigot de Souza)  January, 2016  January, 2046  Not subject to extension  January, 2053   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets forth information relating to the terms of our generation hydroelectric plants which, once respective original concession period expires, will no longer be subject to a concession regime but rather to a registration proceeding with the ANEEL:

| Hydroelectric Plants  Initial concession date  First expiration date  Final expiration date  Chopim I  March, 1964  July, 2015  Indefinitely  São Jorge  December, 1974  July, 2026  -  Cavernoso  January, 1981  June, 2033  -  Melissa  May, 2002  Indefinitely  -  Pitangui  May, 2002  Indefinitely  -  Salto do Vau  May, 2002  Indefinitely  -  Marumbi  March, 1956  May, 2018  Indefinitely   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Upon the expiration of concessions or authorizations for hydroelectric energy generation with installed capacity equal to or less than 5,000 KW, the relevant projects are subject to a registration regime in accordance with Brazilian  Federal  Law  No.  9,074/1995,  as  amended  by  Brazilian  Federal  Law  No.  13,360/2016.  The  operation  of  hydroelectric  and  thermoelectric  plans  with  installed  capacity  of  up  to  5,000  KW  are  not  subject  to  any concession, permission or authorization and require solely the registration with the granting authority.

We also have ownership interests in 11 other generation projects. The following table sets forth information relating to the terms of the concessions of the generation facilities in which we had such partial ownership interest as of December 31, 2022.

| Generation Facility  Company  Initial concession date  Expiration date  Extension  HPP Dona Francisca  Dona Francisca Energética SA  -  DFESA  August, 1998  September, 2037  Possible  HPP Santa Clara  Centrais Elétricas do Rio Jordão S.A. - ELEJOR  October, 2001  May, 2040  Possible  HPP Fundão  Centrais Elétricas do Rio Jordão S.A. - ELEJOR  October, 2001  June, 2040  Possible  SHP Santa Clara I  Centrais Elétricas do Rio Jordão S.A. - ELEJOR  December, 2002  December, 2032  Possible  SHP Fundão I  Centrais Elétricas do Rio Jordão S.A. - ELEJOR  December, 2002  December, 2032  Possible  TPP Araucária  UEG Araucária Ltda.  December, 1999  December, 2029  Possible  HPP Arturo Andreoli  Foz do Chopim Energética  April, 2000  August,2032  Possible  WPP Carnaúbas  São Miguel do Gostoso I  April, 2012  April, 2047  Not possible  WPP Reduto  São Miguel do Gostoso I  April, 2012  April, 2047  Not possible  WPP Santo Cristo  São Miguel do Gostoso I  April, 2012  April, 2047  Not possible  WPP São João  São Miguel do Gostoso I  March, 2012  March, 2047  Not possible   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Transmission Concessions

Pursuant to the 2013 Concession Renewal Law and the terms of our transmission concessions, we have the right to request 30-year extensions of the concessions from ANEEL, provided that such request is delivered within 60 months prior to the expiration of the contract. Our principal transmission concession, from which 63.3% of our transmission revenues in 2022 derived, has been renewed pursuant to the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, and will therefore now expire in January 2043.

In addition, in 2022, an aggregate of 36.7% of our transmission revenues derived from eleven (11) other concession contracts for transmission lines and substations that are currently in operation and whose terms and extensions are set forth in the next table. In accordance with the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, each of these contracts can be extended for an additional 30-year period.

We intend to continue requesting extensions for all of our transmission concessions.

The following table sets forth certain information relating to the terms and extension terms of our main transmission concessions (all of which we hold a direct ownership interest), including the concession contracts for transmission lines and substations both in operation or under construction:

| Transmission  Facility  Initial concession  Date  First expiration  Date  Possibility of extension  Expected (or final) expiration date  Main transmission concession  July, 2001  July, 2015  Extended  January, 2043  Bateias - Jaguariaíva  August, 2001  August, 2031  Possible  August, 2061  Bateias - Pilarzinho  March, 2008  March, 2038  Possible  March, 2068  Foz do Iguaçu - Cascavel Oeste  November, 2009  November, 2039  Possible  November, 2069  Substation Cerquilho III  October, 2010  October, 2040  Possible  October, 2070  Araraquara 2 - Taubaté  October, 2010  October, 2040  Possible  October, 2070  Foz do Chopim - Salto Osorio  August, 2012  August, 2042  Possible  August, 2072  Assis - Paraguaçu Paulista II  February, 2013  February, 2043  Possible  February, 2073  Bateias - Curitiba Norte  January, 2014  January, 2044  Possible  January, 2074  Realeza Sul - Foz do Chopim  September, 2014  September, 2044  Possible  September, 2074  Assis - Londrina  September, 2014  September, 2044  Possible  September, 2074  Curitiba Leste - Blumenau  April, 2016  April, 2046  Possible  April, 2076   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We have ownership interests in ten (10) other transmission projects, through special purpose companies. The following table sets forth information relating to the terms of the concessions of the transmission facilities in which we had such partial ownership interest as of December 31, 2022:

| Transmission Facility  Special Purpose Company (SPC)  Initial concession date  First Expiration date  Possibility of  Extension  Expected (or final)  expiration date  Cascavel Oeste -  Umuarama  Costa Oeste Transmissora de Energia S.A  January, 2012  January, 2042  Possible  January, 2072  Umuarama - Guaira  Caiuá Transmissora de Energia S.A  May, 2012  May, 2042  Possible  May, 2072  Açailândia  Miranda II  Integração Maranhense Transmissora de Energia S.A.  May, 2012  May, 2042  Possible  May, 2072  Curitiba -  Curitiba Leste  Marumbi Transmissora de Energia S.A.  May, 2012  May, 2042  Possible  May, 2072  Paranaíta -  Ribeirãozinho  Matrinchã Transmissora de Energia S.A.  May, 2012  May, 2042  Possible  May, 2072  Ribeirãozinho -  Marimbondo II  Guaraciaba Transmissora de Energia S.A  May, 2012  May, 2042  Possible  May, 2072  Barreiras II - Pirapora II  Paranaíba Transmissora de Energia S.A  May, 2013  May, 2043  Possible  May, 2073  Itatiba - Bateias  Mata de Santa Genebra Transmissora S.A  May, 2014  May, 2044  Possible  May, 2074  Estreito - Fernão Dias  Cantareira Transmissora de Energia S.A.  September, 2014  September, 2044  Possible  September, 2074  Ivaiporã - Londrina  Uirapuru Transmissora de Energia S.A.  March, 2005  March 2035  Possible  March 2065   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Distribution Concessions

We originally operated our distribution business pursuant to a concession contract that was signed on June 24, 1999 (retroactive to July 7, 1995) and was set to expire on July 7, 2015. Under the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, we had the right to renew this concession for an additional 30-year period by accepting an amendment to the concession contract. In 2013, after a careful evaluation of the conditions imposed by the Brazilian government for the extension of our distribution concession, we decided to request the renewal of this contract and our renewal request was approved by the MME on November 11, 2015. On December 9, 2015, we executed the fifth amendment to the public Electricity Distribution Service Concession Agreement No. 46/1999 of Copel Distribuição S.A.

This  amendment  imposes  efficiency  conditions  to  Copel  Distribuição  that  are  measured  through  two  different  metrics:  quality  of  the  service  and  economic-financial sustainability of the company. Failure to comply with either of these metrics (i) for two consecutive years within the first four years of this renewed concession or (ii) in the fifth year of this concession, may, in each case, result in the termination of our distribution concession.

On November 17, 2020,  ANEEL detailed  the  performance  and  efficiency  indicators  applicable  to  the  electricity  distribution  services  starting  in  2021  with  respect  to  nointerruption  in  supply  and  economic-financial  management  (pursuant  to  Resolution  948/2021).  ANEEL  also  changed  the  parameters  for  the  calculation  of  some  variables  of  the Economic-Financial Management indicator.

The  economic-financial  management  indicator  is  breached  when  the  cash  flow  generation,  after  deduction  of  the  Regulatory  Reintegration  Quota  ( cota  de  reintegração regulatória )  is  below  111%  of  SELIC,  which  it  is  considered  insufficient  to  comply  with  debt  interest,  or  when  the  EBITDA  is  lower  than  the  Regulatory  Reintegration  Quota  or Regulatory Depreciation Expense ('QRR'). Non-compliance for one year obliges the concessionaire to limit the payment of dividends and interest on equity capital and prohibits new legal action and business deals between the concessionaire and its related parties. Non-compliance for two consecutive years allows ANEEL to terminate the concession.

The breach of indicators of no-interruption in supply for one year imposes the obligation to create a plan to improve results. Non-compliance for two consecutive years or three years within a five-year period, may lead to limitation on the distribution of dividends, and for a consecutive period of three years, may result in the termination of the concession. Performance evaluation occurs at the end of each calendar year.

The table below presents the economic and financial and quality indicators established for the last six (6) years.

| Economic and Financial Indicators  Quality Indicators  Quality Performed  Year  Indicator  DEC i  FEC i  DEC i  FEC i  2017  EBITDA ≥ 0  11.23  8.24  10.29  6.20  2018  [EBITDA (-) QRR ] ≥ 0  11.23  8.24  10.29  6.20  2019  {Net Debt/[EBITDA (-) QRR]} ≤ 1/(0.8*SELIC)  10.12  7.74  9.10  6.00  2020  {Net Debt/[EBITDA (-) QRR]} ≤ 1/(1.11*SELIC 1/(1.11*SELIC)  9.83  7.24  7.81  5.55  2021  {Net Debt/[EBITDA (-) QRR≥ 0]} ≤ 1/(1.11*SELIC  9.29  6.84  7.20  4.76  2022  {Net Debt/[EBITDA (-) QRR≥ 0]} ≤ 1/(1.11*SELIC  9.19  6.80  7.98  5.29   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

According to ANEEL's Technical Note No. 0335/2015.

DECi - Duration of outages per customer per year (in hours); and FECi - Frequency of outages per customer per year (number of outages).

Earnings before interest, tax depreciation and amortization, as calculated according to ANEEL regulations.

QRR: Regulatory Reintegration Quota or Regulatory Depreciation Expense. Until 2020, this value corresponds to the most recent Periodic Tariff Review (RTP), plus the General Market Price inflation index (IGP-M) between the month preceding the Periodic Tariff Review and the month preceding the twelve-month period of the economic and financial sustainability measurement. As of 2021, it reflects the defined value in the last periodic tariff review and updated by the Regulatory B Parcel, is calculated pro rata.

As calculated according to ANEEL regulations.

Selic base rate: limited to 12.87% per year.

Limited to 9.009 % per year if it exceeds this percentage, and to 6.006 % if it falls under said percentage.

## COMPETITION

We have concessions to distribute electricity in substantially all of the State of Paraná, and we do not face competition from the four utilities that have been granted concessions for the remainder of the state. As a result of legislation passed in 2004, however, other suppliers are able to offer electricity to our existing Free Customers at prices lower than those we currently charge. However, when a Captive Customer becomes a Free Customer, it is still required to pay to use our distribution grid. The reduction in net revenue of our distribution business is therefore compensated with a reduction in our costs for energy that we would otherwise acquire to sell to these customers.

Furthermore, under certain circumstances, Free Customers may be entitled to connect directly to the Interconnected Transmission System rather than our distribution grid. Unlike a Free Customer's choice of another energy supplier, in which case that customer must still use our distribution grid and thus pay us the appropriate tariff, our distribution business  ceases  to  collect  tariffs  from  a  customer  that  connects  directly  to  the  Interconnected  Transmission  System.  The  migration  of  customers  from  the  distribution  grid  to  the transmission grid therefore results in the loss of revenues for our distribution business.

Distribution and transmission companies are required to permit the use of their lines and ancillary facilities for the distribution and transmission of electricity by other parties upon payment of a tariff.

Free Customers are limited to, as from January 1, 2022, with demand of at least 1.0 MW at any voltage; and, after January 1, 2023, with demand of at least 500 kW at any voltage.

In 2022, special customers are costumers with demand of at least 500 kW that opt to be supplied energy by means of alternative sources, such as wind power projects, small hydroelectric power plants, biomass projects, solar plants and others.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,491 Free Customers (of which of 1,490 were customers of our energy trading company and one of Copel GeT), representing approximately 10.4% of our consolidated operating revenue and approximately 16.7% of the total quantity of electricity sold by us.

Copel GeT has 1 Free Costumer as of December 31, 2022. The volume of electricity sold to Free Costumers in 2022 was not significant to the consolidated operating revenues of Copel GeT.

In the generation business, any producer may be granted a concession to build or manage thermoelectric and small hydroelectric generating facilities in the State of Paraná. Brazilian law provides for competitive bidding for generation concessions for hydroelectric facilities and, since 2017, this requirement applies only to facilities with capacity higher than 50 MW.

In the transmission business, Brazilian law provides for competitive bidding for transmission concessions for facilities with a voltage of 230 kV or greater that will form part of the Interconnected Transmission System.

Brazilian law requires that all of our generation, transmission and distribution concessions be subject to a competitive bidding process upon their expiration. We may face significant competition from third parties in bidding for renewal of such concessions or for any new concessions. The loss of certain concessions could adversely affect our results of operations.

On June 2021, a study was published by the Empresa de Pesquisa Energética - EPE) projecting a 30 GW growth on Generation Distribution in the next 10 years. Generation Distribution refers to the generation of eletricity close to or within the consumer site, and can involve any power, technology or energy source. In early 2022, the government adopted a new legal framework for distributed generation in Brazil (Federal Law No. 14,300/2022), which esblished diferent categories of energy distribution, the creation of the Electric Energy Compensation System ( Sistema  de  Compensação  de  Energia  Elétrica -  SCEE)  and  the  Social  Renewable  Energy  Program  ( Programa de Energia Renovável Social -  PERS).  The expansion ofGeneration Distribution services can adversely affect the demand of electricity and therefore impact the eletricity sector and the distribution concessionaires as a whole in the long-term.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

We have been working to improve our environmental and governance practices, and to integrate sustainability into our business through a comprehensive approach based on systemic planning and execution, prioritizing the management of risks and impacts and establishing a positive social, economic and environmental legacy in the locations where we operate.  We  are  also  working  to  add  value  to  our  businesses  by  engaging  with  sustainable  companies,  which  we  believe  to  be  better  prepared  to  manage  economic,  social  and environmental risks.

Being a signatory to the Global Compact since 2000, we are committed to sustainability. As a founding member of the Brazilian Global Compact Network Committee, created in 2003, we support the movement to disseminate the principles of the Global Compact in promoting effective and consistent articulations between governments, companies and social organizations in favor of social, environmental and economic challenges for sustainability, as well as raising awareness among other Brazilian companies to engage and adopt corporate citizenship as a standard for managing their businesses.

We focus our business efforts to obtain better results that drive the priority SDGs of the Brazilian Electric Sector, namely: 7 (Affordable and Clear Energy), 8 (Decent Work and Economic Growth), 9 (Industry, Innovation, and Infrastructure), 11 (Sustainable Cities and Communities) and 13 Climate Action). And reinforcing its social commitment, in 2022, we integrated SDG 4 (Quality Education).

## Environment

Our construction and operation activities for the generation, transmission and distribution of electric energy and distribution of natural gas are subject to federal, state and municipal environmental regulations.

We are in compliance with all material environmental regulations and, since the publication of Resolução Conama 01/1986, we elaborate Environmental Impact Studies to request and renew our environmental licenses, in accordance also with the environmental regulation issued by applicable federal, state and municipal level authorities.

All of our activities follow our Sustainability and Environmental Policies, which integrates corporate planning and sustainability management in order to optimize our financial, social and environmental performance. Also, our activities follow our Climate Change Policy, which establishes guidelines for the mitigation of greenhouse gas emission and changes in our  business,  evaluating  risks  and  opportunities  related  to  climate  change.  Following  the  implementation  of  our  Climate  Change  Policy,  we  annually  disclose  our  greenhouse  gas inventory, using GHG Protocol methodology.

Our  operations  are  aligned  with  a  low  carbon  economy.  Our  shares  became  part  of  B3's  Carbon  Efficient  Index  (ICO2)  portfolio,  demonstrating  our  commitment  to  the transparency of our emissions. We made progress in Climate Change Management, where we hold Concept B of the CDP (Carbon Disclosure Program), one of the main initiatives in the financial sector that aims to reduce companies' greenhouse gas emissions. Our Board of Directors also approved the Carbon Neutrality Plan, comprising initiatives aiming at neutralizing our emissions by 2030.

Our Carbon Neutrality Plan aims, by 2030, to neutralize the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions for the assets over which we have operational control, through the reduction and compensation of residual emissions.

Expanding market share and becoming a reference in generation, transmission, distribution and commercialization of renewable and sustainable electricity has become our main strategic  driver.  This  goal  involves  important  commitments  made  by  the  us,  such  as  the  decarbonization  of  business;  the  expansion  of  integration  among  the  segments  in  which  it operates to gain more synergy; and scale in products and services and discipline in the allocation of capital.

We plan to be 100% renewable by 2030, which is why it is studying divestment in the thermoelectric plants in which it has an equity stake, in addition to expanding investments in wind and solar farms, as it has already done in the last years.

## Social

We work in alignment with social issues, which internally are directed by the People Management, and Occupational Health and Safety Policies.

By 2022, we have also committed to promoting diversity in leadership (40% increase in the current female representation) and to zero fatal accidents involving employees and outsourced workers, reinforcing these processes as management priorities.

In late 2021, we reviewed our Human Rights Policy, to establish a clear guide for employees and other stakeholders on how we should act. And in 2022, we started the due diligence work in Human Rights, which will result in the identification of potential risks throughout the value chain, which will be mitigated by us in the future.

We also promote the social inclusion through our social responsibility projects, focused on the communities impacted by our business. Reinforcing our commitment to social responsibility, we approved, in 2022, the Social Investment Policy, which directs how donations and voluntary and non-voluntary contributions should be made.

## Governance

In 2021, we approved new bylaws, under which we created the Sustainable Development Committee, with the objective of keeping us among the companies with the best governance practices and actions on ESG and guiding our sustainability strategy. We also implemented initiatives under the scope of the Carbon Neutrality Plan.

In  November  2021,  we  migrated  to  the  special  B3  listing  segment  called  'Level  2'  (Nível  2).  This  move  resulted  in  several  improvements  to  our  corporate  governance, consolidating the progress made in recent years.

Progress has been made with regard to the rights of minority shareholders by increasing their representation on the Board of Directors from two to three members and by creating  a  specific  statutory  committee,  the  Minority  Committee.  Others  statutory  committees  were  also  created,  the  Investment  Committee  and  the  Innovation  Committee,  and fundamental policies were revised, such as the Integrity Policy and the Integrated Corporate Risk Management Policy.

To  grow  with  balance  and  consistency,  we  have  been  improving  the  capital  allocation  process.  Instruments  created  between  2021  and  2022  improved  governance  for  the development of projects and increasingly structured decision making: the new Investment and Innovation Committee, an advisory body to the Board of Directors, and the approval of the Investment Policy, which establishes the criteria for selection, evaluation, approval and monitoring of investments.

We adopt best market practices to guide and evaluate our performance and compare practices with global and local references: B3 Corporate Sustainability Index - ISE, Ethos Indicators for Sustainable and Responsible Business Models, Corporate Sustainability Assessment - CSA and other evaluations and classifications related to ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) matters.

For the 17th time we were mentioned in the Corporate Sustainability Index - ISE B3, and we were selected to participate in the Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA).

Through an annual report, we reinforce our commitment to sustainable development and are accountable for our performance related to economic, social, environmental and governance aspects (Integrated Report Copel). This report follows the international guidelines of the Standards model of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), and the International Integrated Reporting Initiative (IIRC), and is submitted to independent assurance, to ensure the reliability of the information disclosed.

And understanding the relevance of the ESG theme for all stakeholders, in 2022, we launched the Sustainability Portal (copelsustentabilidade.com/en/), which presents all of our ESG information in accessible language.

## PLANT, PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Our principal properties consist of the generation facilities described in 'Business.' Of the net book value of our total property, plant and equipment as of December 31, 2022 (including construction in progress), generation facilities represented 57.6%, wind farms represented 37.0%, Elejor represented 3.4%, and Araucária Thermoelectric Plant represented 2.0%. We believe that our facilities generally are adequate for our present needs and suitable for their intended purposes.

In addition, the infrastructure used by the transmission and distribution business is classified as accounts receivable related to the concession, contract assets and intangible assets as described in Notes 4.4, 4.5 and 4.9 to our audited consolidated financial statements.

## THE EXPROPRIATION PROCESS

Although we receive concessions from the Brazilian government to construct hydroelectric facilities, we do not receive title to the land on which the facilities are to be located. In order for us to construct, the land must be expropriated. The land required for the implementation of a hydroelectric facility may only be expropriated pursuant to specific legislation, after proving its public interest. We generally negotiate with communities and individual owners occupying the land so as to resettle such communities in other areas and to compensate individual owners. Our policy of resettlement and compensation generally has resulted in the settlement of expropriation disputes, with friendly settlements for most of them. As of December 31, 2022, we estimated our liability related to the settlement of such disputes to be R$154.9 million. This amount is in addition to amounts for land expropriation included in each of our hydroelectric facility budgets.

## General

According to the Decennial Energy Plan - PDE 2032 released by the Empresa de Pesquisa Energética - EPE, the projected installed capacity of electricity generation in Brazil will be 228,896 MWm in December 2032.

As of 2022, approximately 23% of the installed power generating capacity of Brazil is currently owned by Eletrobras. Through its subsidiaries, Eletrobras is also responsible for approximately  38.5%  of  the  installed  transmission  capacity  equal  or  above  230  kV  within  Brazil.  In  addition,  some  Brazilian  states  control  entities  involved  in  the  generation, transmission and distribution of electricity. They include Companhia Energética de Minas Gerais - CEMIG and us, among others.

## Principal Regulatory Authorities

## Ministry of Mines and Energy - MME

The  MME  is  the  primary  regulatory  institution  of  the  power  industry  and  acts  as  the  Brazilian  governmental  authority  empowered  with  policymaking,  regulatory  and supervisory powers.

## National Energy Policy Council - CNPE

The National Energy Policy Council ( Conselho Nacional de Política Energética - 'CNPE'), created in August 1997, provides advice to the President of the Republic of Brazil regarding the development and creation of a national energy policy. The CNPE is chaired by the MME and is composed of ten ministers of the Brazilian government and five members designated by the President of CNPE. The CNPE was created in order to optimize the use of energy resources in Brazil and ensure the national supply of electricity.

## National Electric Energy Agency - ANEEL

The  Brazilian  power  industry  is  regulated  by  ANEEL,  an  independent  federal  regulatory  agency.  ANEEL's  primary  responsibility  is  to  regulate  and  supervise  the  power industry  in  accordance  with  the  policies  set  forth  by  the  MME  and  to  respond  to  matters  which  are  delegated  to  it  by  the  Brazilian  government  and  the  MME.  ANEEL's  current responsibilities include, among others, (i) administering concessions for electric energy generation, transmission and distribution, including the approval of electricity tariffs, (ii) enacting regulations for the electric energy industry, (iii) implementing and regulating the utilization of energy sources, including the use of hydroelectric power, (iv) promoting, monitoring and managing the public bidding process for new concessions, (v) settling administrative disputes among electricity sector entities and electricity purchasers, and (vi) defining the criteria and methodology for the determination of transmission and distribution tariffs.

## National Electric System Operator - ONS

The ONS is a non-profit private entity comprised of electric utilities engaged in the generation, transmission and distribution of electric energy, in addition to other private participants such as importers, exporters and Free Customers. The primary role of the ONS is to coordinate and regulate the generation and transmission operations in the Interconnected Transmission System, subject to the ANEEL's regulation and supervision. The objectives and principal responsibilities of the ONS include, among others, operational planning for the generation industry, organizing the use of the domestic Interconnected Transmission System and international interconnections, ensuring that industry participants have access to the transmission  grid  in  a  non-discriminatory  manner,  assisting  in  the  expansion  of  the  electric  energy  system,  proposing  plans  to  the  MME  for  extensions  of  the  Interconnected Transmission System, and formulating regulations regarding the operation of the transmission system for ANEEL's approval.

## THE BRAZILIAN ELECTRIC POWER INDUSTRY

## Electric Energy Trading Chamber - CCEE

The  CCEE ( Câmara de Comercialização de Energia Elétrica )  is  a  non-profit  private  entity  subject  to  authorization,  inspection  and  regulation  by  ANEEL.  The  CCEE  is responsible for, among other things, (i) registering all energy purchase agreements in the regulated market, Contratos de Comercialização de Energia no Ambiente Regulado ('CCEAR') and in the Free Market, (ii) accounting for and clearing short-term transactions and (iii) managing funds generated by some of the regulatory charges. The CCEE is composed of holders of concessions, permissions and authorizations in the electricity industry and Free Customers, and its board of directors is composed of five members, out of which four are appointed by these agents and one by the MME, who is the chairman of the board of directors.

## Energy Sector Monitoring Committee - CMSE

The CMSE ( Comitê de Monitoramento do Setor Elétrico ) was created by the New Industry Model Law to monitor service conditions and to recommend preventative measures to ensure energy supply adequacy, including demand-side action and contracting of energy reserves.

## Energy Research Company - EPE

In  August  2004,  the  Brazilian  government  created  the  Energy  Research  Company  ( Empresa de Pesquisa Energética -  'EPE'),  a  federal  public  company  responsible  for conducting strategic studies and research in the energy sector, including the industries of electric power, petroleum, natural gas, coal and renewable energy sources. The studies and research conducted by the EPE subsidize the formulation of energy policy by the MME.

## Eletrobras

Eletrobras serves as a holding company for the following energy companies: Companhia Hidro Elétrica do São Francisco - CHESF, Furnas Centrais Elétricas S.A., CGT Eletrosul, Centrais Elétricas do Norte do Brasil S.A. - Eletronorte, Companhia de Geração Térmica de Energia Elétrica - CGTEE and Centro de Pesquisas de Energia Elétrica - Cepel.

## ENBPar - Empresa Brasileira de Participações em Energia Nuclear e Binacional S.A.

ENBPar is a company linked to the Ministry of Mines and Energy, with the purpose of maintaining the operation of nuclear power plants under the Union's control, maintaining the ownership of the capital stock and the acquisition of the electricity services of Itaipu Binacional, managing the marketing contracts for the energy generated by the projects contracted under the Program of Incentive to Alternative Sources of Electric Energy (Proinfa) and the energy generated by Itaipu, being the Marketing Agent of Itaipu's Energy. It was created as a result of Federal Decree No. 10,791/2021, based on Law 14,182/2021, which provides for the privatization of Eletrobras and authorizes the Union to establish this public company.

## Historical Background of Industry Legislation

The Brazilian constitution provides that the development, use and sale of electric energy may be undertaken directly by the Brazilian government or indirectly through the granting  of  concessions,  permissions  or  authorizations.  Historically,  the  Brazilian  electric  energy  industry  has  been  dominated  by  generation,  transmission  and  distribution concessionaires controlled by the federal or state governments. Since 1995, the Brazilian government has taken a number of measures to reform the Brazilian electric energy industry. In general, these measures were aimed at increasing the role of private investment and eliminating foreign investment restrictions in order to increase overall competition and productivity in the industry.

The following is a summary of the principal developments in the regulatory and legal framework of the Brazilian electricity sector:

- In  1995,  (i)  the  Brazilian  constitution  was  amended  to  authorize  foreign  investment  in  power  generation;  (ii)  the  Concessions  Law  was  enacted,  requiring  that  all concessions for energy-related services be granted through public bidding processes, providing for the creation of independent producers and Free Customers and granting electricity suppliers and Free Customers open access to all distribution and transmission systems; and (iii) a portion of the controlling interests held by Eletrobras and various Brazilian states in generation and distribution companies were sold to private investors.

- In 1998, the Power Industry Law was enacted, providing for, among other things, the creation of the ONS and the appointment of BNDES, a development bank wholly owned by the Brazilian government, as the financing agent of the power industry, especially to support new generation projects.
- In 2001, Brazil faced a serious energy crisis that lasted through February 2002. During this period, the Brazilian government implemented an energy-rationing program in the  most  adversely  affected  regions,  namely  the  southeast,  central-west  and  northeast  regions  of  Brazil.  In  April  2002,  the  Brazilian  government  for  the  first  time implemented the extraordinary tariff adjustment to compensate the electricity suppliers for financial losses incurred as a result of the rationing period.
- In 2004, the Brazilian government enacted the New Industry Model Law (Law No. 10,848), in an effort to further restructure the power industry with the ultimate goal of providing customers with a stable supply of electricity at reasonable prices. The New Industry Model Law introduced material changes to the regulation of the electric energy industry, in order to (i) provide incentives to private and public entities to build and maintain generation capacity, and (ii) ensure the supply of electricity in Brazil at low tariffs through a competitive electricity public bidding process. The key elements of the New Industry Model Law include:
- o Ensuring the existence of two markets: (i) the regulated market, a more stable market in terms of supply of electricity, and (ii) a market specifically addressed to certain participants (i.e., Free Customers and energy-trading companies), called the Free Market, that permits a certain degree of competition vis-à-vis the regulated market.
- o Restrictions on certain distribution activities, including requiring distributors to focus on their core business of distribution activities in order to promote more efficient and reliable services to Captive Customers.
- o Elimination of self-dealing by providing an incentive for distributors to purchase electricity at the lowest available prices rather than buying electricity from related parties.
- o Upholding contracts executed prior to the New Industry Model Law, in order to provide regulatory stability for transactions carried out before its enactment.
- In 2004, Decree No. 5,163 was enacted to govern the purchase and sale of electricity in the regulated market and the Free Market, as well as the granting of authorizations and concessions for electricity generation projects. This decree includes, among other items, rules relating to auction procedures, the form of power purchase agreements and the mechanism for passing costs through to Final Customers. Among other matters, this decree:
- o provides for the guidelines under which electricity-purchasing agents must contract their electricity demand. Electricity-selling agents must show that the energy to be sold comes from existing or planned power generation facilities. Agents that do not comply with such requirements are subject to penalties imposed by ANEEL.
- o requires  electricity  distribution  companies  to  contract  for  100%  of  their  energy  needs  primarily  through  public  auctions.  In  addition  to  these  auctions, distribution companies can purchase limited amounts (up to 10% of their demand) from: (i) generation companies that are connected directly to a distribution company (except for hydroelectric power plants with capacity higher than 30 MW and certain thermoelectric power plants) (ii) electricity generation projects participating in the initial phase of the Proinfa Program, (iii) the Itaipu Power Plant and (iv) quotas from those generation concession contracts extended or subject to a new competitive bidding process in accordance with the 2013 Concession Renewal Law.
- o provides  that  the  MME  shall  establish  the  total  amount  of  energy  that  will  be  contracted  in  the  regulated  market,  including  the  number  and  the  type  of generation projects that will be auctioned each year.

- o requires all electricity generation, distribution and trading companies, independent producers and Free Customers to notify MME, by August 1 of each year, of their estimated electricity demand or estimated electricity generation, as the case may be, for each of the subsequent five years. In advance of each electricity auction,  each  distribution  company  is  also  required  to  inform  MME  of  the  amount  of  electricity  that  it  intends  to  contract  in  the  auction.  In  addition, distribution companies are required to specify the portion of the contracted amount they intend to use to supply potentially Free Customers.
- In  2012, the Brazilian government enacted two Provisional Measures that brought important changes to the Brazilian electricity regulatory framework: (i) Provisional Measure No. 577/2012 (converted into Law No. 12,767/2012); and (ii) Provisional Measure No. 579/2012 (converted into the 2013 Concession Renewal Law). Provisional Measure No. 577 established the obligation of the granting authority to render electricity services in the event of termination of an electricity concession, as well as new rules related to the intervention by the granting authority in electricity concessions to ensure adequate performance of Utility services. The 2013 Concession Renewal Law established new rules that changed concessionaires' ability to renew concession contracts. Under this Law, generation and distribution concessionaires may renew their concession contracts that were in effect as of 1995 and transmission concessionaires may renew their concession contracts that were in effect prior to and as of 1995 for an additional period of 30 years, provided that the concessionaires agree to amend the concession contracts to reflect a new tariff regime to be established by ANEEL. See 'Concessions.'
- In 2013, the 2013 Concession Renewal Law was enacted. This statute changed the nature of the concession agreements for generation facilities existing at the time. Prior to 2013, a generation concessionaire had the right to sell the energy generated by the facilities subject to its concession for profit. In contrast, generation concessions for existing generation facilities (including those renewed pursuant to the 2013 Concession Renewal Law) could no longer grant concessionaires the right to sell the energy generated by these facilities. Instead, these concessions started to cover the operation and maintenance of the generation facilities. The energy generated by these facilities was then allocated by the Brazilian government in quotas to the regulated market, for purchase by distribution concessionaires. In case of generation facilities created after the  2013  Concession  Renewal  Law,  the  concessionaire  has  the  right  to  sell  the  energy  produced  by  the  facility.  For  further  information,  see  '-Concessions-2013 Concession Renewal Law.'
- In 2015, the Brazilian government enacted Provisional Measure No. 688/ 2015, converted into Federal Law No. 13,203/2015, to revise the allocation of the hydrological risks borne by hydroelectric power plants that share hydrological risks under Energy Reallocation Mechanism. In 2014 and 2015, given poor hydrological conditions, the MRE participants  generated  less  electricity  than  their  assured  energies,  which  was  confirmed  by  a  significant  decrease  of  the  Generating  Scaling  Factor  ('GSF'),  a measurement of the proportion between the electricity generated by the MRE participants and their respective Assured Energy. These generation deficits resulted in losses for  the  MRE  participants  given  their  exposure  to  hydrological  risks.  As  a  consequence,  Federal  Law  No.  13,203  established  an  optional  mechanism  that  allows  each generation  plant  to  transfer  these  risks  to  Final  Customers  upon  payment  of  a  risk  premium  to  the  Brazilian  government,  as  well  as  certain  temporary  extensions  of generation concessions to compensate for losses in 2015. We decided to opt-in with respect to all of Copel GeT´s and Elejor´s eligible Energy Agreements under this new hydrological risk allocation mechanism, which represented approximately 16% of Copel GeT´s total Assured Energy.
- In 2016, the Brazilian government enacted Provisional Measure No. 735/2016, converted into Federal Law No. 13,360/2016, which changed several federal laws mainly to: (i) revise certain rules related to regulatory charges (CDE, CCC and RGE) and appoint CCEE as the new manager of such charges in lieu of Eletrobras; (ii) facilitate the privatization of generation, transmission and distribution companies, (iii) change certain requirements of the generation concession and authorization regimes; (iv) change rules related to the MRE; (v) allow distribution companies to sell energy excess in the Free Market; (vi) extension of terms for commencement of the supply under energy auctions in the regulated market; and (vii) transfer back from MME to ANEEL the authority to decide about generation and transmission companies' requests for extension of their facilities construction schedules.

- In July 2017, the MME released the Public Consultation No. 033/2017, named 'Proposal for improvement of the legal framework of the electricity sector.' This public consultation marks an important step to guide the MME in preparation of specific legislative proposals capable of providing measures of economic rationalization and modernization of the electricity sector.
- In August 2017, Decree No. 9,143/2017 changed the frequency of the auctions for new energy and authorized the distribution companies to negotiate contracts for the sale of energy in the Free Market to Free Consumers and other agents (generators, marketers, and self-producers), provided that these contracts are linked to excess in energy contracted in auctions.
- In January 2018, Decree No 9,271/2018 regulated the granting of a new energy concession in the event of privatization of an energy generation concession holder that provides public services, in accordance with Law No 9.074, dated July 7, 1995. Pursuant to this decree, the Brazilian government may grant a new concession contract for a period of up to 30 years to the entity that results from a bidding process for the privatization of a concessionaire previously controlled directly or indirectly by a federal, state  or  municipal  governmental  entity.  This  decree  determined  that  the  concessionaire  shall  request  a  new  concession  contract  during  the  remaining  period  of  its concession (up to 60 months counted from the end of the concession) This decree was amended in November 2019 pursuant to Decree No 10,135 in order to reduce the deadline  for  the  concessionaire  to  request  the  granting  of  a  new  agreement,  from  60  months  to  42  months  counted  from  the  end  of  the  concession  and  required  the privatization process to be concluded no later than 18 months prior to the termination of the prior concession. In December 2022, the decree was amended by Decree No. 11,307/2022, in order to contemplate other forms of privatization of the holder of the generation concession in addition to the transfer of share control.
- During 2018, the Brazilian government concluded the privatization of Eletrobras' distribution companies Companhia Energética do Piauí - Cepisa, Companhia Energética de Rondônia S.A. - Ceron, Companhia de Eletricidade do Acre - Eletroacre, Boa Vista Energia S.A. - Boa Vista Energia, Companhia Energética de Alagoas - Ceal and Amazonas Distribuidora de Energia S.A. - Amazonas Distribuidora.
- In June 2019, the National Energy Policy Council ( Conselho Nacional de Política Energética - CNPE) launched a program pursuant to its Resolution No. 16 to boost the natural gas market and foster competition by promoting free competition and using Thermoelectric Plants as a vehicle for creating demand for the better use of natural gas from the Pre-Salt layer.
- In December 2019, MME published the Ordinance No. 465/2019, determining that MME will gradually decrease, over the next years, the power limits to contract electric power by consumers served at any voltage, allowing them to purchase energy from conventional sources, considering the following schedule: (i) from January 1, 2021: consumers with demand equal to or greater than 1,500 kW; (ii) from January 1, 2022: consumers with demand equal to or greater than 1,000 kW; and (iii) January 1, 2023: consumers with demand of 500 kW or more. Furthermore, by January 31, 2022, ANEEL and CCEE shall present studies on the regulatory measures necessary to allow the opening of the Free Market for consumers with electric load below 500 kW.
- In January 2020, the ONS implemented the Short Term Hydrothermal Dispatch Model (Modelo de Despacho Hidrotérmico de Curtíssimo Prazo - DESSEM), in order to optimize the operations of National Interconnected System ( Sistema Interligado Nacional - SIN), and to reduce the difference between the planned dispatch and the one that is actually carried out by taking into account factors related to the electric grid, the operation of hydroelectric power plants, Thermoelectric Plants and other sector components. The execution of DESSEM meets the schedule set forth in Ordinance MME nº 301, dated July 31, 2019.
- In September 2020, Law No. 14,052 (the 'GSF Law') was passed, which established new conditions for the renegotiation of hydrological risk of electricity generation, amending Article  2  of  Law  No.  13,203/2015,  among  other  measures.  This  procedure  was  regulated  through  Normative  Resolution  No.  895/2020,  in  which ANEEL established the methodology for calculating compensation to the owners of hydroelectric plants participating in the MRE. It also regulated the repatriation of hydrological risk to equate the issue of GSF and open debts in CCEE to allow for the return of normalcy and greater liquidity in the short-term electricity market, in exchange for the extension of the terms of grants given to hydroelectric plants to up to seven years. The resolution was amended by Normative Resolution No. 945/2021, changing the compensation methodology for plants that renegotiated the hydrological risk under Normative Resolution No. 684/2015. ANEEL later approved the deadlines for the extension of the grant of the plants participating in the MRE through Homologatory Resolutions No. 2,919/2021 and No. 2,932/2021. Those interested in adhering to new mechanism must withdraw from lawsuits related to the mitigation of hydrological risks of the MRE and execute a term of acceptance of such conditions.

- In  December  2020,  through  Normative  Resolution  No.  905/2020,  ANEEL  consolidated  the  rules  for  Electric  Energy  Transmission  Services  in  the  National  Electric System, effective January 1, 2021.
- Additionally, 2020 and 2021 were atypical years due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which required the introduction of various legal and regulatory measures, as highlighted below:
- o In March 2020, Decree No. 6 officially declared a state of emergency in Brazil, effective until December 31, 2020. On the same date, Decree no. 10,282 was released  (complemented  by  Decree  No.  10,288/2020),  which  regulated  Law  No.  13,979/2020  and  dealt  with  the  new  COVID-19  measures,  including directives  regarding  the  operation  of  public  services  and  essential  activities,  specifically  the  electricity  sector  and  electricity  generation,  transmission  and distribution. By means of Decree No. 117/2020, the MME also established a Crisis Committee within the Ministry's scope to articulate, coordinate, monitor, guide and supervise the measures and actions taken against COVID-19 for the duration of the public health crisis. In line with the guidelines established by this decree, ANEEL issued Decree No. 6,335/2020, the Office of Monitoring the Electrical Situation ( Gabinete de Monitoramento da Situação Elétrica ), with the objective of identifying the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the electrical energy market and monitoring the economic-financial situation in relation to supply and demand, as well as coordinating studies of proposals to preserve equilibrium between different entities within the sector.
- o In March 2020, to ensure the continuity of electricity distribution services, ANEEL issued Normative Resolution No. 878/2020, solidifying the Agency's first measures in order to guarantee the supply of electricity to certain consumer units that have lost the ability to remain compliant as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This  especially  concerns  consumer  units  related  to  the  supply  of  energy  to  services  and  activities  considered  essential,  as  defined  by  Federal Decrees No. 10,282/2020 and No. 10,288/2020.
- o On April 8, 2020, the Brazilian government issued Provisional Measure No. 950, which specified temporary emergency measures for the electricity sector to cope with the state of emergency by establishing an exemption in energy tariffs funded by the CDE for low-income consumers for up to 220 kWh/month, for the period of April 1 to June 30, 2020. For this purpose, resources were provisioned by means of a credit operation aimed at providing financial relief to electricity distributors. On the same date, ANEEL published Order No. 986, authorizing the CCEE to transfer the surplus financial resources available in the reserve fund for future relief to the sector's agents, based on consumption, with the aim of reinforcing the sector's liquidity in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic.
- o On May 18, 2020, Decree No. 10,350 was issued by the Brazilian government, which regulated Provisional Measure No. 950/2020 and provided for the creation of the COVID-19 Fund. This fund was to receive resources to cover potential deficits or anticipate distributors' revenues and regulate the use of tariffs by the CDE for the purpose of payments and receipts of amounts to cover or defer costs arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Through Resolution No. 885/2020, ANEEL established criteria and procedures for the management of the COVID-19 Fund. The value of the resources of the COVID-19 Fund given to concessionaires were made operational by the CCEE throughout 2020, considering, for this purpose, the existence of a positive balance in the fund.

- o In  May 2020, by means of Order No. 1,511/2020, ANEEL, suspended the systematic application of the system for activating the Tariff Flags ( Bandeiras Tarifárias ), under exceptional and temporary circumstances, as provided for in Submodule 6.8 of the Procedures for Tariff Regulation. This added a 'green flag' through December 31, 2020 to cover the electric sector's costs with resources from the COVID-19 Fund. This was in effect until November 30, 2020, when it was revoked by ANEEL with the same-day issuance of Order No. 3,364/2020.
- o In  September  2020,  Provisional  Measure  No.  998/2020  was  issued,  due  to  important  changes  in  the  electricity  sector  rules  to  mitigate  the  effects  on  the consumer due to aid granted to companies as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. After being approved by the House of Representatives on December 17, 2020 and by the Federal Senate on February 4, 2021, being sanctioned in March 2021 by the President of the Republic, through Law 14.120, of March 1, 2021. With the same purpose, Law No. 14,120 allowed the reallocation of certain P&amp;D and energetic efficiency (EE) resources to the CDE account between 2021 and 2025 for certain projects. New enterprises for renewable energy among others are excluded from this benefit. New projects for hydrological energy with more than 30 MW capacity will be entitled to a discount in tariffs of 50% for 5 years counted a March 2, 2021 and 25% for the subsequent 5 years.
- o In 2021, Law 14,120/2021 also set a deadline for the definition of guidelines for the government for the granting of certain environmental benefits, aligned with certain efficiency, safety and competitiveness parameters, in connection with the efforts to modernize the electricity sector.
- o In January 2021, the CCEE adopted an hourly pricing model for the accounting and settlement of the short-term market. Thus, since January 1, 2021, the PLD is officially calculated for each submarket on an hourly basis, and implemented pursuant to a schedule defined by MME Directive 301/2019.
- o In  April  2021,  CNPE  Resolution  24/2021  approved  the  Guidelines  on  Cybersecurity  for  the  Electricity  Sector,  as  established  in  CNPE  Resolution  1  of February 10, 2021, which created a working group with consideration for prevention, treatment, response and systemic resilience.
- o In April 2021, Law No. 14,134/2021 was approved, establishing the new regulatory framework for the natural gas market in Brazil. This law sets rules for the economic activities of transportation of natural gas through pipelines and changed the regime for economic exploration of such activity from concession to authorization to be granted by ANP. It also regulated the import, export, treatment, processing, storage and commercialization of natural gas, among other related activities.
- o In May 2021, Decree No. 10,707 was passed to regulate the legal provisions for the suspension of electricity supply to consumers in the Free Market and reserve capacity contracts, with the goal of assuring the continuous supply of electricity.
- o In June 2021, several measures were adopted by the Federal Government to address the scarcity of hydroelectric power. Provisional Measure 1,055/2021 created  the  Chamber  of  Exceptional  Rules  for  Hydroelectric  Management  ('CREG')  to  establish  emergency  measures  for  the  optimization  of  the  use  of hydroelectric resources and to combat water shortage, in order to preserve the continuity and security of the electro energetic supply in Brazil. The CREG was entitled to approve urgent measures proposed by the Comitê de Monitoramento do Setor Elétrico (CMSE) and if approved, compliance was mandatory by other regulatory agencies and entities in the sector. Among the measures adopted by CREG, the following stand out: (i) creation of an incentive program for the voluntary reduction of consumption by consumers of Groups A and B in the regulated market; (ii) the regulation of Tariffs Flags, (associating the tariffs to level of scarcity of water and hydrological shortages); and (iii) the adoption of a simplified procedure to demand reserved capacity from 2022 to 2025.

- o In July 2021, Law No. 14,182 approved the privatization model of Eletrobras and also set new rules for the purchase of reserve capacity from natural gas thermoelectric plants in several regions of Brazil and the allocation of at least 50% of the demand declared by distributors to hydroelectric plants up to 50 MW in the A-5 and A-6 auctions.
- o In  December 2021, the Brazilian government published Provisional Measure No. 1,078/2021, which allows the structuring of credit operations using the Energy Development Account ('CDE') for amortization, the same structure used for Conta-Covid . This measure mitigates the mismatch between revenues collected from the tariff and the costs of generating energy through loans to distributors to equalize these costs. Decree 10,939/2022 further regulated the matter. Additionally, the measure also provides for the institution of extraordinary tariff flags when necessary.
- o In December 2021, ANEEL published Normative Resolution No. 964/2021, that regulates provides guidelines for cybersecurity policies and activities for the sector.
- o In December 2021, Decree No. 10,893/2021 was published, easing the requirements for the issuance of authorizations to implementation and operation of power plants. It lifted the requirements relating to proof of feasibility to connect to the transmission and/or distribution system for generation projects based on solar, wind, biomass or qualified cogeneration until March 2, 2022. ANEEL published the Normative Resolution No. 1,038/2022, in order to complement the procedures for obtaining the authorization grant, establishing a deadline of 54 months for the implementation of the authorized undertakings.
- o In December 2021, ANEEL published REN No. 1,000/2021, which defines in a simpler and more objective manner the responsibilities of the agents and the procedures to be followed by consumers so that universal access to the electric power service is available in an efficient and valuable manner.
- In January 2022, the Federal Government published Decree No. 10,946/2022, which regulates the assignment of use of physical spaces and the use of natural resources in internal  waters owned by the Union, in the territorial sea, in the exclusive economic zone and on the continental shelf for the generation of electricity from offshore projects. As a result, the MME published Normative Ordinance No. 052/2022, establishing the complementary procedures related to the assignment of onerous use for exploitation of offshore generation enterprise as well as creating, together with the Ministry of Environment, through Interministerial Ordinance No. 03/2022, the Unified Portal for Management of the Use of Offshore Areas for Power Generation.
- In January 2022, the Government enacted Law No. 14,300/2022, which established the legal framework for distributed microgeneration and minigeneration, the Electric Energy  Compensation  System  (SCEE),  and  the  Social  Renewable  Energy  Program  (PERS).  In  compliance  with  the  approved  Law,  ANEEL  approved  Normative Resolution No. 1,059 that improves the rules for the connection and billing of microgeneration and minigeneration plants distributed in electricity distribution systems, as well as the rules of the Electric Energy Compensation System.
- In June 2022, the Government published Law No. 14,385/2022, which regulated the exclusion of ICMS from the PIS and COFINS tax base and the return of overpaid tax amounts by public service providers of electricity distribution, being destined to the reduction of the tariff.
- In June 2022, the Complementary Law Project (PLP) No. 18/2022 to limit the collection of ICMS on fuel, electricity, communications, and public transportation was converted into Complementary Law No. 194/2022, as they are considered essential and indispensable goods and services.

- In June 2022, ANEEL altered the methodology for calculating the TUST and TUSD through Normative Resolution No. 1,024/2022, defining components that intensify the locational signal for defining the tariffs, applicable from the 2022/2023 cycle. Consecutively, Normative Resolution No. 1,041/2022 was published, establishing a transition period until 2027 for the full application of the new rules.
- In July 2022, the CNPE approved, through Resolution 08/2022, the Plan for the Recovery of the Regularization Reservoirs of Hydroelectric Power Plants, over a period of up to 10 years, proposing short, medium and long-term actions, with the objective of improving, in an integrated manner, the policy, planning, governance, and regulation of the electric power sector and other sectors that use water resources, so as to optimize the multiple use of water.
- In  September  2022,  ANEEL  published  Normative  Resolution  No.  1,040/2022,  creating  the  Demand  Response  framework  program,  which  allows  the  possibility  of voluntary reduction or displacement of electricity demand by large consumers, as an alternative to be employed by ONS in the planning of the SIN operation.
- In September 2022, the MME published Ordinance No. 050/2022, which established that as of January 1, 2024, consumers classified as Group A (high voltage) may opt to purchase electricity from any concessionaire, permissionaire, or authorized power supplier in the National Interconnected System.
- In  December 2022, the Federal Government issued Decree No. 11,314 regulating the bidding and the extension of transmission concessions at the end of their term, conditioning  the  extension  of  the  concession  when  the  bidding  is  unfeasible  or  results  in  damage  to  the  public  interest,  as  long  as  the  concessionaire  formalizes  the extension request at least 36 months before the end of the concession.
- In February 2023, ANEEL approved the regulation of the Law No. 14,300/2022, establishing new guidelines, among other aspects (i) for charging for the use of the distribution  network,  (ii)  deadlines  for  distributors  to  carry  out  connection  works,  (iii)  presentation  of  performance  bonds.  ANEEL'  s  Normative  Resolution  No. 1,059/2023 establishes how to insert the cost of tariff benefits of participants in the Electric Energy Compensation System - ('SCEE') in the Energy Development Account ('CDE') and in the tariff processes of distributors companies. From now on, new GD projects are subject, among other rules, to staggered payments of the so-called 'Fio B,' starting at a percentage of 15% from this year until reaching full payment in 2029.

## Potential New Regulatory Framework

The following potential changes to the Brazilian regulatory framework may have a direct impact in our operations, as our business is subject to comprehensive regulation by various  Brazilian  legal  and  regulatory  bodies,  especially  the  MME  (which  proposes  sector  policies)  and  ANEEL  (which  regulates,  supervises  and  inspects  various  aspects  of  our business, including our tariff rates).

- In February 2018, the MME published on its website a report of the public hearing, reflecting the final proposal for improvements to the energy regulatory framework, which were especially motivated by technological, social and environmental matters, as well as difficulties arising from the current business models. Among the discussed topics, the following stand out:
- o Termination of the quota system applicable to hydropower plants (HPP) concessions that have been extended or granted through competitive biddings, in accordance with Federal Law No. 12,783/2013, and allocation of part of the economic benefit of grants to the CDE in order to reduce what is charged to the population;
- o Lowering the minimum thresholds for accessing the Free Market;
- o Approach between the short-term price formation and the operating cost of the system;

- o Whether energy and ballast (currently combined for commercialization purposes) should be segregated;
- o Effects of the migration of consumers to the Free Market;
- o Market for environmental attributes;
- o Attraction of foreign capital for investments in the Brazilian energy sector;
- o More efficient tariff discounts;
- o Allocation of resources from the global reversion reserve to the transmission segment;
- o Guidelines for the use of research and development resources;
- o Modernization of the regulated market; and
- o Reduction of judicial disputes regarding the hydrological risk.
- In  May  2018,  most  of  the  improvements  proposed  by  the  MME  with  respect  to  the  regulatory  framework  applicable  to  the  energy  sector  were  included  in  Bill  No. 1,917/2015 of the House of Representatives, known as the bill for the energy bill portability ( Projeto de Lei da Portabilidade da Conta de Luz ). This bill is still subject to analysis in the House of Representatives and, if approved, will depend on further approval by the Senate and the President of Brazil.
- Also, there are initiatives in order to promote the modernization of the energy sector. Ordinance MME No. 187/2019 established a working group in order to develop proposals for the modernization of the energy sector, which released a report in October, 2019 with measures that should be adopted or studied, including topics such as (i) opening of the consumer market; (ii) pricing mechanism for the short-market; (iii) expansion of the Free Market accommodating new technologies and new business models; (iv) Energy Reallocation Mechanism; (v) cost and risk allocation; (vi) introduction of new technologies; and (vii) sustainable distribution services. This working group has been appointed for a 2-year term, which may be extended for 1 additional year.
- In November 2019, the Brazilian government submitted to Brazilian Congress Bill No. 5,877, which, among other matters, address the privatization of Centrais Elétricas Brasileiras S.A. - Eletrobras. Such bill determines the privatization of Eletrobras pursuant to a capital increase and public offering of new common shares (that entitle their holders to voting rights), resulting in the dilution of the stake held by the Brazilian government in Eletrobras (the 'Eletrobras Privatization'). In February 2021, Provisional Measure No. 1,031/2021 on the Eletrobras Privatization was issued.
- In November 2019, ANEEL submitted a proposed amendment to Resolution No. 482/2012 to a public hearing. This resolution refers to the distribution of micro and mini energy generation. The update of such rules was required in 2015 by Resolution 687/2015 and suggests improvements to the credit compensation system in view of changes to distributed generation in recent years.
- In December 2019, CNPE approved its Resolution No. 29, pursuant to which (i) it reviewed the general criteria adopted with respect to supply guarantee in studies on offer expansion, planning of the SIN operations, and calculations of Assured Energy and power of a generation project. However, MME shall determine the specific thresholds for such criteria, which is used in the calculation of Assured Energy and plans for expansion.
- In  2020,  due  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  discussions  beginning  in  2017  between  the  MME  and  the  electric  sector  with  regards  to  proposals  for  the  industry's improvement of the legal and regulatory framework were interrupted. This meant limited progress on measures such as PL No. 1,917/2015 and PLS No. 232/2016, which address  issues  such  as  the  commercial  model  of  the  electric  sector,  the  portability  of  electricity  bills  and  concessions  for  electric  energy  generation.  The  COVID-19 pandemic also allowed for compromise within Special Commission of the House of Representatives, established in August 2019, regarding the Brazilian Electric Energy Code,  which  aims  to  consolidate  electricity  legislation  that  is  currently  scattered  between  ordinances  issued  by  various  government  agencies.  In  2021,  the  Congress reinitiated the discussions towards PL Nos. 1,917/2015 and PLS No. 232/2016 (now PL No. 414), the later now being labeled a priority bill under consideration of the Congress.

- Additionally, CCEE published two relevant Technical Notes. The first suggests mechanisms to improve the monitoring of the electricity energy market, as well as the regulation of the commercialization of electricity, by the adoption of new procedures to identify market risks and anomalous conduct, supported by the practices and principles adopted in the financial market. The second one proposes improvements to the models of financial safeguards and mechanisms to mitigate losses arising from defaults in the Spot Market. ANEEL will deliberate on whether to submit the proposals to public hearing.
- On January 13, 2022, through Decree No. 10,939, the measures aimed at facing the financial impacts resulting from the water shortage situation, which affected the country throughout 2021, were regulated. The contracting of a loan for the creation and management of the Hydric Shortage Account was authorized by the Chamber of Commercialization of Electric Energy - CCEE, destined to cover, totally or partially, the costs of the balance of the centralizing account of the resources of the tariff flags for April 2022 and the importation of energy referring to July and August 2021.
- In the case of Copel Distribuição S/A, the amount of R$ 145.8 million was received, fully reverted as a negative financial component, reducing the consumer's tariff, in the tariff process of June 24, 2022. The payment will be diluted in the consumers' tariffs, in 54 installments, starting in the 2023 tariff readjustment process.
- However, throughout the year 2022, due to the increase in rainfall, the recovery of the hydric affluence was observed, increasing the level of the reservoirs, and impacting the reduction of energy purchase from thermal plants, whose generation cost is higher in relation to other sources. The conjuncture was favorable for the reduction of the value charged to the consumer regarding the tariff flags that, from January to April 2022, were in the 'Hydric Shortage' level, changing to the green flag from May to December 2022.
- An important solution brought by Law 14,385/2022, which disciplines the exclusion of ICMS from the calculation basis of PIS and COFINS, was the settlement of the liability related to the collection of values of such taxes overpaid by the distributors, determining that they be returned in full to consumers through the tariff processes, according to equitable criteria. In the tariff readjustment of Copel Distribuição S/A, on June 24, 2022, it was considered, as a PIS and COFINS credit, the amount of R$ 1.593 billion as a financial component that reduced the tariff for the period from July 2022 to June 2023.
- Furthermore, there was also the approval of the limitation of ICMS collection on fuel, electricity, communications, and public transportation, with effects on the tariff, by Complementary Law No. 194/2022, which considered them essential and indispensable goods and services.
- Another important factor impacting the sector was the privatization process of Eletrobras (Law 14,182/2021), whose amounts contributed to the Account for Energy Development (CDE) were reverted to the tariff moderation of consumers served in the regulated contracting environment. In the case of Copel Distribuição S/A, the amount reverted in the tariff process of June 2022 was R$ 318.1 million.
- With regards to distributed generation, we highlight the publication of Law no. 14,300/2022, which establishes the legal framework for distributed microgeneration and minigeneration, the Electric Energy Compensation System (SCEE), and the Social Renewable Energy Program (PERS).
- The law allowed existing consumer units and those that file an access request within 12 months of its publication, to continue until December 31, 2045, the benefits currently granted through the Electric Energy Compensation System (SCEE). For consumer units requesting access after this deadline, the law established a transition period for the gradual charging of the compensated energy for tariff components not associated with the cost of energy.

- In  benefit  of  the  modernization  of  the  electric  sector,  the  publication  of  Normative  Rule  no.  050/2022  stands  out,  establishing  that  as  of  January  1,  2024,  consumers classified as Group A may opt to purchase electricity from any concessionaire, permissionaire or authorized power supplier of the SIN, taking an important step towards the opening of the free power market, also making it possible that in the future consumers connected at low voltage may benefit from it.
- In October 2022, the MME launched Public Consultation 137/2022 with a proposal for the publication of an ordinance providing for the reduction of load limits for the contracting of electricity in the free market by consumers connected at low voltage, as of January 1, 2028, with these consumers to be represented by a retail agent before the CCEE.
- In November 2022, in face of the insufficient capacity of the transmission system to flow the electric energy generated by new plants, the MME made available the drafts of the Ministerial Order referring to the guidelines and systematics of the competitive procedure for contracting the flow margin for generation, regulated by Decree No. 10,893/2021, which will allow the participation of generation projects, from solar, wind, biomass, or qualified cogeneration, which requested the granting of authorization without the presentation of access information, and for other projects that do not have a contract for the use of the transmission and distribution system.
- Finally,  on  the  issue  of  debates  about  the  legal  framework  and  improvement  of  the  regulatory  framework  of  the  electricity  sector,  especially  Bills  414/2021  and 1,917/2015, there was no progress in 2022, being under analysis and processing by the legislative bodies. They receive, however, attention from the distributors that follow and study the possible impacts and should be one of the main topics on the agenda of Congress during the year 2023.

These potential changes to the regulatory framework applicable to the Brazilian Energy Sector may impact our operations in the coming years.

## Concessions

The companies or consortia that wish to build or operate facilities for generation, transmission or distribution of electricity in Brazil must participate in a competitive bidding process or must apply to the MME or to ANEEL for a concession, permission or authorization, as the case may be. Concessions grant rights to generate, transmit or distribute electricity in a specific concession area for a specified period. This period is 35 years for generation concessions granted after 2003, and 30 years for new transmission or distribution concessions. In accordance with the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, generation and distribution concessionaires may renew their concession contracts that were in effect as of 1995 and transmission concessionaires may renew their concession contracts that were in effect prior to and as of 1995 for an additional period of 30 years, provided that the concessionaires agree to amend the concession contracts to reflect certain new terms and conditions established by the law. The 2013 Concession Renewal Law does not impact generation concessions granted after 2003, as they are non-renewable.

The  Concessions  Law  establishes,  among  others,  the  conditions  that  the  concessionaire  must  comply  with  when  providing  electricity  services,  customers'  rights  and  the respective rights and obligations of the concessionaire and the granting authority. In addition to the Concessions Law, the concessionaire must also comply with the general regulations governing the electricity sector. The main provisions of the Concessions Law and related ANEEL regulations are summarized as follows:

Adequate service . The concessionaire must render adequate service to all customers in its concession and must maintain certain standards with respect to regularity, continuity, efficiency, safety and accessibility.

Use of land . The concessionaire may use public land or request that the granting authority expropriate necessary private land for the benefit of the concessionaire. In the latter case, the concessionaire must compensate the affected private landowners.

Strict liability . The concessionaire is strictly liable for all damages arising from the provision of its services.

Changes in controlling interest . The granting authority must approve any direct or indirect change in the concessionaire's controlling interest.

Intervention by the granting authority . The granting authority may intervene in the concession, through ANEEL, to ensure the adequate performance of services, as well as the full compliance with applicable contractual and regulatory provisions. Once ANEEL determines the intervention, limited to one year, but extendable for additional two years, it must designate a third party to manage the concession. Within 30 days of the determination of the intervention, the granting authority's representative must commence an administrative proceeding in which the concessionaire is entitled to contest the intervention. The administrative proceeding must be completed within 1 year. The shareholders of the concessionaire under intervention must submit to ANEEL, within 60 days of the determination of the intervention, a recovery and correction plan. If ANEEL approves such plan, the intervention is terminated. In the event ANEEL does not approve the plan, the granting authority may: (i) declare forfeiture of the concession; (ii) determine the spin-off, incorporation, merger or transformation  of  the  concessionaire,  incorporation  of  a  subsidiary  or  assignment  of  quotas/shares  to  a  third  party;  (iii)  determine  the  change  of  control  of  the  concessionaire;  (iv) determine a capital increase of the concessionaire; or (v) determine the incorporation of a special purpose company.

Termination of the concession . The termination of the concession agreement may occur by means of expropriation and/or forfeiture. Expropriation is the early termination of a concession for reasons related to the public interest. An expropriation must be specifically approved by law or decree. Forfeiture must be declared by the granting authority after ANEEL or the MME has made a final administrative ruling that the concessionaire, among other things, (i) has failed to render adequate service or comply with an applicable law or regulation, (ii) no longer has the technical, financial or economic capacity to provide adequate service, or (iii) has not complied with penalties assessed by the granting authority. The concessionaire may contest any expropriation or forfeiture in the courts.

A concession agreement may also be terminated (i) through the mutual agreement of the parties, (ii) upon the bankruptcy or dissolution of the concessionaire, or (iii) following a final, non-appealable judicial decision rendered in a proceeding filed by the concessionaire.

When a concession agreement is terminated, all assets, rights and privileges that are materially related to the rendering of electricity services revert to the Brazilian government. Following termination, the concessionaire is entitled to indemnification for its investments in assets that have not been fully amortized or depreciated, after deduction of any amounts due by the concessionaire related to fines and damages.

Expiration .  When  the  concession  expires,  all  assets,  rights  and  privileges  that  are  materially  related  to  the  rendering  of  the  electricity  services  revert  to  the  Brazilian government. Following the expiration, the concessionaire is entitled to indemnification for its investments in assets that have not been fully amortized or depreciated as of the expiration.

Penalties. ANEEL regulations  govern  the  imposition  of  sanctions  against  electricity  sector  participants  and  determine  the  appropriate  penalties  based  on  the  nature  and importance  of  the  breach  (including  warnings,  fines,  temporary  suspension  from  the  right  to  participate  in  bidding  procedures  for  new  concessions,  licenses  or  authorizations  and forfeiture). For each infraction, the fines can be up to 2% of the revenue (net of value-added tax and services tax) of the concessionaire in the 12-month period preceding any penalty notice. Some infractions that may result in fines relate to the failure to request ANEEL's approval to, among other things: (i) execute certain contracts between related parties; (ii) sell or assign the assets related to services rendered as well as impose any encumbrance (including any security, bond, guaranty, pledge and mortgage) on these or any other assets related to the concession or the revenues from electricity services; (iii) effect a change in the controlling interest of the holder of the authorization or concession; and (iv) make certain changes to the bylaws. In the case of contracts executed between related parties that are submitted for ANEEL's approval, ANEEL may seek to impose restrictions on the terms and conditions of these contracts and, in extreme circumstances, require that the contract be rescinded.

## Parallel Environment for the Trading of Electric Energy

Under the New Industry Model Law, the purchase and sale of electricity is carried out in two different segments: (i) the regulated market, which contemplates that distribution companies will purchase by public auction all the electricity they need to supply their customers; and (ii) the Free Market, which provides for the purchase of electricity by non-regulated entities (such as the Free Customers and energy traders).

However, the electricity arising from the following is subject to specific rules different from the rules applicable to the regulated market and to the Free Market: (i) low capacity generation projects located near consumption points (such as certain co-generation plants and small hydroelectric power plants), (ii) plants qualified under the Proinfa Program, an initiative established by the Brazilian government to create incentives for the development of alternative energy sources, such as wind power projects, small hydroelectric power plants and biomass projects, (iii) Itaipu, (iv) Angra 1 and 2 as from 2013 and (v) those generation concession contracts extended or subject to a new bidding process in accordance with the 2013 Concession Renewal Law.

The electricity  generated  by  Itaipu  will  continue  to  be  sold  by  ENBPar  to  the  distribution  concessionaires  operating  in  the  South,  Southeast  and  Midwest  portions  of  the Interconnected Transmission System. The rates at which Itaipu-generated electricity is traded are denominated in U.S. dollars and established pursuant to a treaty between Brazil and Paraguay. As a consequence, Itaipu rates rise or fall in accordance with the variation of the real /U.S. dollar exchange rate. Changes in the price of Itaipu-generated electricity are, however, subject to the Parcel A cost recovery mechanism discussed as follows under '-Distribution Tariffs.'

Beginning January 2013, the energy generated by nuclear plants Angra 1 and 2 started to be sold by Eletronuclear to the distribution concessionaires at a rate calculated by ANEEL.

The New Industry Model Law does not affect Bilateral Agreements entered into before 2004.

## The Regulated Market

In the regulated market, distribution companies must purchase their expected electricity requirements for their Captive Customers in the regulated market through a public auction process. The auction process is administered by ANEEL, either directly or through the CCEE, under certain guidelines provided by the MME.

Electricity  purchases  are  generally  made  through  three  types  of  Bilateral  Agreements:  (i)  Energy  Agreements  ( Contratos  de  Quantidade  de  Energia ),  (ii)  Availability Agreements ( Contratos de Disponibilidade de Energia ) and (iii) allocation of energy quotas, as defined by the ANEEL. Under an Energy Agreement, a generator commits to supply a certain amount of electricity and assumes the risk that its electricity supply could be adversely affected by hydrological conditions and low reservoir levels, among other conditions, which could interrupt the supply of electricity. In such case, the generator would be required to purchase electricity elsewhere in order to comply with its supply commitments. Under an Availability Agreement, a generator commits to making a certain amount of capacity available to the regulated market. In such case, the generator's revenue is guaranteed and the distributors must bear the risk of a supply shortage. With respect to the third method (introduced by the 2013 Concession Renewal Law), the plants that have had their concession renewed under the 2013 Concession Renewal Law lost the right to sell their energy, and from now on will only receive compensation under the energy quota system as a result of the operation and maintenance of such facilities. As a result, energy generated by these generation concessionaires are passed on to distributors at a lower cost through quotas that match the size of the markets served.

With respect to the generation plants with expired concessions, which are subject to a new competitive bidding process, the winner of the competitive bidding process may be required to allocate up to 100% of the energy generated by this plant in quotas to the regulated Market depending on the criteria adopted in the relevant auction process.

The estimate of demand from distributors is the principal factor in determining how much electricity the system as a whole will contract. A distributor is obligated to contract all of  its  projected  electricity  needs.  A  deviation  in  actual  demand  from  projected  demand  could  result  in  penalties  to  distributors.  In  the  event  of  under-contracting,  the  distributor  is penalized directly in an amount that increases as the difference between the amounts of energy contracted for and actual demand increases. An under-contracting distributor must also pay to meet its demand by purchasing energy in the Spot Market.

In the event of over-contracting, where the contracted volume falls between 100% and 105% of actual demand, the distributor is not penalized and the additional costs are compensated customers' tariffs. Where the contracted volume is over 105% of actual demand, the distributor must sell energy in the Spot Market. If the contract price proves lower than the current Spot Market price, the distributor sells its excess energy for a profit. On the other hand, if the contract price is higher than the Spot Market price, the distributor sells its excess energy at a loss. The Federal Law No. 13,360, dated November 17, 2016, also permitted the sale of excess energy by distribution companies in the Free Market. Resolutions No. 833, dated December 4, 2018 and 904, dated December 8, 2020, have recently provided additional rules on the methodology to be adopted by distribution companies with respect to the Mechanism of Surplus Sales ( Mecanismo de Venda de Excedentes , or MVE).

With respect  to  the  granting  of  new  concessions,  regulations  provide  that  bids  for  new  hydroelectric  generation  facilities  may  include,  among  other  things,  the  minimum percentage of electricity to be supplied in auctions in the regulated market. Concessions for new generation projects, such as Mauá and Colíder in our case, are non-renewable, meaning that upon expiration, the concessionaire must again complete a competitive bidding process.

## The Free Market

The Free Market covers transactions between generation concessionaires, Independent Power Producers - IPPs, self-generators, energy traders, exporters and importers of electric energy and Free Customers. The Free Market also covers bilateral agreements between generators and distributors signed under the old model, until they expire. Upon expiration, such contracts must be executed under the New Industry Model Law guidelines.

A consumer that is eligible to choose its supplier may only do so upon the expiration of its contract with the local distributor and with advance notice or, in the case of a contract with no expiration date, upon 15 days' notice in advance of the date on which the distributor must provide MME with its estimated electricity demand for the year. In the latter case, the contract will only be terminated in the following year. Once a consumer has chosen the Free Market, it may only return to the regulated system with five years prior notice to its regional distributor, provided that the distributor may reduce such term at its discretion. This extended period of notice seeks to assure that, if necessary, the distributor can buy additional energy in auctions on the regulated market without imposing extra costs on the captive market.

Private generators may sell electricity directly to Free Customers. State-owned generators may sell electricity directly to Free Customers but are obligated to do so only through private auctions carried out by the state-owned generators exclusively to Free Customers or by the Free Customers.

As mentioned above, recently, Federal Law No. 13,360, dated November 17, 2016, also permitted the sale of excess energy by distribution companies in the Free Market, but the effectiveness of the rule is still subject to further regulation by ANEEL.

Focusing on the future of the electricity sector, the Ministry of Mines and Energy launched Public Consultation No. 33/2017 with the purpose of obtaining the view of different participants around improvements in the business model of the sector. Issues such as the expansion of the Free Market and removal of barriers to the entry of its participants, hourly energy price, adequate allocation of risks, security of supply and socio-environmental sustainability were discussed. Further regulation is expected for the years to come with bills being discussed in the Brazilian Congress in order to implement reforms in the power sector. For more information see '-Potential New Regulatory Framework.'

## Regulation under the New Industry Model Law and further rules enacted

A July 2004 decree governs the purchase and sale of electricity in the regulated market and the Free Market, as well as the granting of authorizations and concessions for electricity  generation  projects.  This  decree  includes,  among  other  items,  regulations  relating  to  auction  procedures,  the  form  of  power  purchase  agreements  and  the  mechanism  for passing costs through to Final Customers.

These regulations establish the guidelines under which electricity-purchasing agents must contract their electricity demand. Electricity-selling agents must show that the energy to be sold comes from existing or planned power generation facilities. Agents that do not comply with such requirements are subject to penalties imposed by ANEEL.

These regulations also require electricity distribution companies to contract for 100% of their energy needs primarily through public auctions. In addition to these auctions, distribution companies can purchase limited amounts (up to 10% of their demand) from: (i) generation companies that are connected directly to the distribution company (except for hydroelectric power plants with capacity higher than 30 MW and certain thermoelectric power plants) (ii) electricity generation projects participating in the initial phase of the Proinfa Program, (iii) the Itaipu Power Plant and (iv) quotas from those generation concession contracts extended or subject to a new competitive bidding process in accordance with the 2013 Concession Renewal Law.

The MME establishes the total amount of energy that will be contracted in the regulated market, the number and the type of generation projects that will be auctioned each year.

All  electricity  generation,  distribution  and  trading  companies,  independent  producers  and  Free  Customers  are  required  to  notify  MME,  by  August  1  of  each  year  of  their estimated electricity demand or estimated electricity generation, as the case may be, for each of the subsequent five years. In advance of each electricity auction, each distribution company is also required to inform MME of the amount of electricity that it intends to contract in the auction. In addition, distribution companies are required to specify the portion of the contracted amount they intend to use to supply potentially Free Customers.

## Auctions in the Regulated Market

Electricity  auctions  for  new  generation  projects  are  held  from  the  third  to  the  seventh  year  before  the  initial  delivery  date  of  electricity.  Electricity  auctions  for  existing generation projects are held (i) from the first to the fifth year before the initial delivery date, and (ii) up to four months before the initial delivery date ('Adjustment Auctions').

New and existing power generators may participate in the Reserve Energy Auctions as long as these generators increase the power system capacity or if they did not achieve commercial operation by January 2008. Invitations to bid in the auctions are prepared by ANEEL in accordance with guidelines established by the MME, including the requirement that the lowest bid wins the auction. Each generation company that participates in the auction executes a contract for the purchase and sale of electricity with each distribution company, in proportion to the distribution companies' respective estimated demand for electricity, except for the market adjustment and Reserve Energy Auctions.

The contracts for new generation projects have a term between 15 and 35 years, and the contracts for existing generation projects have a term between 1 and 15 years. Contracts arising from market Adjustment Auctions are limited to a two-year term. The reserve energy contracts are limited to a 35-year term.

The quantity of energy contracted from existing generation facilities may be reduced for three reasons: (i) to compensate for Captive Customers that become Free Customers; (ii)  to  compensate for market deviations from the estimated market projections (up to 4% per year of the annual contracted amount, beginning two years after the initial electricity demand is estimated); and (iii) to adjust the quantity of contracted energy in bilateral agreements entered into prior to the enactment of the New Industry Model Law.

With regard to (i) above, the reduction in net revenue caused when a Captive Customer becomes a Free Customer is partially compensated by the increased amounts that Free Customers are required to pay to use our distribution system. However, a Free Customer may disconnect from our distribution grid (and therefore cease to pay us a distribution tariff) if it chooses to connect directly to the Interconnected Transmission System or if it generates energy for self-consumption and transports this energy without using our distribution grid. Because a Free Customer that connects directly to the Interconnected Transmission System no longer pays us a distribution tariff, we might not be able to fully recover this loss in revenues.

Since 2004, CCEE has conducted 35 auctions for new generation projects, 27 auctions for energy from existing power generation facilities, ten auctions for reserve energy in order to increase energy supply security, three auctions from alternative energy sources, 17 auctions for market adjustments, one simplified competitive procedures and two capacity reserve auction. No later than August 1 of each year, the generators and distributors provide their estimated electricity generation or estimated electricity demand for the five subsequent years. Based on this information, MME establishes the total amount of electricity to be traded in the auction and determines which generation companies will participate in the auction. The auction is carried out electronically in two phases.

After the completion of the auction (except in the case of Reserve Energy Auction), generators and distributors execute the CCEAR, in which the parties establish the price and amount of the energy contracted in the auction.  The  price  is  adjusted  annually  based  on  price  variations  published  by  the  IPCA.  The  distributors  grant  financial  guarantees  to  the generators (mainly receivables from the distribution service) to secure their payment obligations under the CCEAR.

Also, after completion of the Reserve Energy Auction, the generation concessionaire and the CCEE execute the Contrato de Energia de Reserva , in which the parties establish the price and amount of the energy contracted for in the auction. The distributors, Free Customers and self-producing customers then execute the Contrato de Uso da Energia de Reserva ('CONUER') with CCEE, in order to provide for the terms of the use of the reserve energy. The reserve energy customers grant financial guarantees to CCEE to secure their payment obligations under CONUER.

The 2013 Concession Renewal Law established that generation concessions entered into prior to 2003 that were not renewed would be subject to a new competitive bidding process and that the energy generated by these facilities will be allocated by the Brazilian government in quotas to the regulated market, for purchase by distribution concessionaires. On November 25, 2015, ANEEL carried out a competitive bidding process for the grant of new 30-year concessions of 29 hydroelectric plants in accordance with the 2013 Concession Renewal Law. Until December 31, 2016, 100% of the electricity generated by such 29 hydroelectric plants must be destined to the regulated market and, as of January 1, 2017, the percentage was reduced to 70%. On September 27, 2017, the ANEEL carried another competitive bidding process for the grant of new 30-year concessions of 4 hydroelectric plants in accordance with the 2013 Concession Renewal Law. In this auction, the percentage destined to the regulate market was 70% since the beginning of the concession.

## The Annual Reference Value

Brazilian regulation establishes a mechanism ('Annual Reference Value') that limits the costs that can be passed through to Final Customers.

The  regulation  establishes  certain  limitations  on  the  ability  of  distribution  companies  to  pass-through  costs  to  customers,  such  as  no  pass-through  of  costs  for  electricity purchases that exceed 105% of actual demand.

The MME establishes the maximum acquisition price for electricity generated by existing projects. If distributors do not comply with the obligation to fully contract their demand, the pass-through of costs from energy acquired in the short-term market is the lower of the Spot Market price and the Annual Reference Value.

## Electric Energy Trading Convention

The Electric Energy Trading Convention ( Convenção de Comercialização de Energia Elétrica )  regulates the organization and functioning of the CCEE and defines, among other things, (i) the rights and obligations of CCEE participants, (ii) the penalties to be imposed on defaulting agents, (iii) the means of dispute resolution, (iv) trading rules in the regulated and Free Markets, and (v) the accounting and clearing process for short-term transactions.

## Restricted Activities of Distributors

Distributors in the Interconnected Transmission System are not permitted to (i) engage in activities related to the generation or transmission of electric energy, (ii) hold, directly or  indirectly,  any  interest  in  any  other  company,  corporation  or  strategic  agreement,  or  (iii)  engage  in  activities  that  are  unrelated  to  their  respective  concessions,  except  for  those permitted by law or the relevant concession agreement. According to Law No. 13,360/2016, distributors are allowed to sell energy to Free Customers. This possibility is regulated by ANEEL through Normative Resolution No. 1,009/2022, with the application of the MVE.

## Elimination of Self-Dealing

Since the purchase of electricity for Captive Customers is now performed through auctions in the regulated market, 'self-dealing' (under which distributors were permitted to meet up to 30% of their energy needs using energy that was either self-produced or acquired from affiliated companies) is no longer permitted.

## Challenges to the Constitutionality of the New Industry Model Law

The New Industry Model Law is currently being challenged on constitutional grounds before the Brazilian Supreme Court. The Brazilian government moved to dismiss the actions, arguing that the constitutional challenges were moot because they related to a provisional measure that had already been converted into law. To date, the Supreme Court has not reached a final decision and we do not know when such a decision may be reached. While the Supreme Court is reviewing the law, its provisions have remained in effect. Regardless of the Supreme Court's final decision, certain portions of the New Industry Model Law relating to restrictions on distributors performing activities unrelated to the distribution of electricity, including sales of energy by distributors to Free Customers and the elimination of self-dealing, are expected to remain in full force and effect.

## Tariffs for the Use of the Distribution and Transmission Systems

ANEEL regulates access to the distribution and transmission systems and establishes tariffs for the use of these systems. The tariffs are (i) distribution system usage charges, which are charges for the use of the proprietary local grid of distribution companies ('TUSD') and (ii) for the use of the transmission system, which is the Interconnected Transmission System and its ancillary facilities ('TUST').

## TUSD

Users of a distribution grid pay the distribution concessionaire a tariff known as the TUSD ( Tarifa de Uso dos Sistemas Elétricos de Distribuição ). The TUSD is divided into two parts: one related to the contracted power in R$/kW and another related to the regulatory charges in R$/kWh. The amount paid by the users of a distribution grid is calculated by multiplying the maximum contracted power for each of the customer's points of connection to the concessionaire's distribution grid, by the tariff in R$/kW, plus the product of the power consumption by the tariff in R$/kWh, per month.

In relation to the Captive Customers, the TUSD is part of the supply tariff that is calculated based on the voltage used by each customer.

## TUST

The  TUST ( Tarifa  de  Uso  do  Sistema  de  Transmissão) is  paid  by  distribution  companies,  generators  and  Free  Customers  to  transmission  companies  for  the  use  of  the Interconnected Transmission System (electrical transmission system with a voltage equal or higher than 230 kV). This tariff is revised annually according to (i) the location of the user of the Interconnected Transmission System and (ii) the annual revenues that a transmission company is permitted to collect for the use of its assets in the Interconnected Transmission System. The ONS, an entity that represents all transmission companies that own assets in the Interconnected Transmission System, coordinates the payment of transmission tariffs to these transmission companies. Users of the Interconnected Transmission System sign contracts with the ONS, which allows them to use the transmission grid in return for paying TUST.

## Distribution Tariffs

Distribution tariff rates to Final Customers are subject to review by ANEEL, which has the authority to adjust and review these tariffs in response to changes in energy purchase costs and market conditions. When adjusting distribution tariffs, ANEEL divides the costs of distribution companies into (i) costs that are beyond the control of the distributor, ('Parcel A costs'), and (ii) costs that are under control of distributors ('Parcel B costs'). ANEEL's tariff adjustment formula treats these two categories differently.

Parcel A costs include, among others, the following:

- costs of electricity purchased by the concessionaire to attend Captive Customers, in accordance to the regulatory model in force;
- charges for the connection to and use of the transmission and distribution grids; and
- energy sector regulatory charges.

Parcel B costs include, among others, the following:

- a component designed to pay the distributor for the investments made by the distributor on the concession assets;
- depreciation costs; and

- a component designed to compensate the distributor for its operating and maintenance costs.

Each distribution company's concession agreement provides annual adjustments. In general, Parcel A costs are fully passed through to customers. Parcel B costs, however, are adjusted for inflation in accordance with the IPCA Index, minus the X factor.

Electricity distribution concessionaires are also entitled to periodic tariff revisions ( revisão periódica )  every four or five years. In these processes, Parcel B is recalculated, taking  into  account  incentives  for  efficiency,  quality  improvement  and  reasonable  tariff.  These  revisions  are  aimed  at  (i)  assuring  necessary  revenues  to  cover  efficient  Parcel  B operational costs and adequate compensation for investments deemed essential for services provided within the scope of each such company's concession and (ii) determining the 'X factor.' The fifth amendment to our concession agreement, which establishes the renewal of our concession agreement, determines the Periodic Tariff Review every five years.

The X factor for each distribution company is calculated based on the following components:

- P, based on the concessionaire's productivity, which is calculated through the distribution segment productivity (PTF), determined by the ratio between the variation in the tariff market and operating and capital costs, plus the average growth of the concessionaire's own tariff market;
- T, based on the trajectory of the concessionaire's operating costs, measured as the difference between the cost benchmarks established by ANEEL and the concessionaire's actual operating costs; and
- Q, based on quality target indicators that measure the interruption of energy supply to Final Customers, and other quality indicators.

In  addition,  a  distribution  concessionaire  may  request  an  Extraordinary  Tariff  Review  of  its  tariffs  in  case  of  evident  economic-financial  imbalance,  according  to  the admissibility criteria established through the Tariff Regulation Procedures (PRORET), sub-module 2.9. Extraordinary tariff adjustments were granted (i) in June 1999 to compensate for increased costs of electricity purchased from Itaipu as a result of the devaluation of the real against the dollar; (ii) in 2000 to compensate for the increase in Social Security Financing Contribution ( Contribuição para o Financiamento da Seguridade Social -COFINS ) from 2% to 3%; (iii) in December 2001 to compensate for losses caused by the Rationing Program; (iv) in January 2013, due to the enactment of 2013 Concession Renewal Law; (v) in March 2015, to compensate the costs related to the quotas of the CDE and increased costs with the purchase of energy, and (vi) in March 2017, to compensate the amount unduly included in the tariffs for captive consumers in 2016, referring to the Angra III plant.

Since October 2004, on the date of a subsequent tariff adjustment or tariff revision, whichever occurs earlier, distribution companies have been required to execute separate contracts for the connection and use of the distribution grid and for the sale of electricity to their potentially Free Customers.

## Tariff Flags ( Bandeiras Tarifárias )

Effective as of January 1, 2015, a new system has been introduced by the ANEEL to permit distribution concessionaires to pass on to their Final Customer certain variable cost increases attributable to changes in hydrological conditions in Brazil, prior to the formal tariffs periodic revisions made by ANEEL.

In  accordance with this model, a green, yellow or red flag, as determined by ANEEL, is included in invoices sent to Final Customers, reflecting nationwide hydrological conditions (except for the State of Roraima). If a green flag is added to Final Customers' invoices due to satisfactory hydrological conditions, no additional charges are added. On the other hand, if these invoices contain yellow or red flags, this indicates that distribution concessionaires are facing higher variable costs from the acquisition of electricity and will pass these costs on to Final Customers.

## Incentives

In 2000, a federal decree created the Thermoelectric Priority Program, ( Programa Prioritário de Termoeletricidade, or 'PPT'), for the purposes of diversifying the Brazilian energy matrix and decreasing Brazil's strong dependence on hydroelectric plants. The incentives granted to the Thermoelectric Plants included in the PPT were: (i) guarantee of gas supply for 20 years, as per a MME regulation, (ii) assurance that the costs related to the acquisition of the electric energy produced by Thermoelectric Plants will be passed on to customers through tariffs up to the normative value established by ANEEL, and (iii) guarantee of access to a special BNDES financing program for the electric energy industry.

In 2002, the Brazilian government established the Proinfa Program to encourage the generation of alternative energy sources. Under the Proinfa Program, Eletrobras would purchase the energy generated by alternative sources for a period of 20 years. In its initial phase, the Proinfa Program was limited to a total contracted capacity of 3,300 MW. In its second phase, which should start after the 3,300 MW cap has been reached, the Proinfa Program intends to purchase up to 10% of Brazil's annual electric energy consumption from alternative sources. The first phase of the Proinfa program commenced in 2004 and it so far has supported the construction of 131 alternative energy plants which is expected to reach the production of 11.2 million MWh. According to a decision of ANEEL, the total investment to the Proinfa Program in 2023 will be R$ 5.45 billion.

## Energy Sector Regulatory Charges

## EER

The Encargo de  Energia  de  Reserva ('EER') is  a  regulatory  charge  designed  to  raise  funds  for  energy  reserves  that  have  been  contracted  through  CCEE  and  which  are deposited in the Reserve Energy Account ( Conta de Energia de Reserva - CONER). These energy reserves, which are mandatory, were created in order to attempt to ensure a sufficient supply of energy in the Interconnected Transmission System. The EER shall be collected from Final Customers of the Interconnected Transmission System. Beginning in 2010, this charge has been collected on a monthly basis.

## RGR Fund

In certain circumstances, electric energy companies are compensated for certain assets used in connection with a concession if the concession is revoked or is not renewed. In 1971, the Brazilian Congress created a reserve fund designed to provide these compensatory payments ('RGR Fund'). In February 1999, ANEEL established a fee requiring publicindustry electric companies to make monthly contributions to the RGR Fund at an annual rate equal to 2.5% of the company's fixed assets in service, not to exceed 3% of total operating revenues in any year. Since the enactment of the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, the RGR Fund has been used to fund the compensations arising from the termination of non-renewed concessions. The 2013 Concession Renewal Law also allowed the funds from the RGR Fund to be transferred to the CDE.

According to 2013 Concession Renewal Law, as from January 1, 2013, the concession contracts from concessionaires of (i) distribution; (ii) transmission which competitive bidding process occurred after September 12, 2012; and (iii) transmission and generation which had their concession contract renewed or had their underlying facilities subject to a new competitive bidding process are no longer obliged to pay the annual RGR fee.

## UBP

Some hydroelectric generation enterprises (except small hydroelectric power plants) are required to make contributions for using a public asset, Uso de Bem Público ('UBP') according to the rules of the corresponding public bidding process for the granting of concessions. Eletrobras receives the UBP payments in a specific account. See Note 26 to our audited consolidated financial statements.

## ESS

The costs related to maintaining system reliability and stability when Thermoelectric Plants generate energy to meet demand in the National Connection System (SIN) are called System Service Charges, or Encargos de Serviços de Sistema (ESS). These amounts are paid by each entity that purchases energy in the Spot Market (CCEE), proportional to each such entity's consumption.

ESS is expressed in R$/MWh and paid only to Thermoelectric Plants that generate energy in response to requests by the ONS.

## CDE

In 2002, the Brazilian government instituted the Electric Energy Development Account, Conta de Desenvolvimento Energético ('CDE'). The CDE is funded by (i) annual payments made by concessionaires for the use of public assets, (ii) penalties imposed by ANEEL, (iii) the annual fees paid by agents offering electric energy to Final Customers, by means of an additional charge added to the tariffs for the use of the transmission and distribution grids and (iv) transfer of resources from the Federal General Budget. The CDE was originally created, amongst others, to promote the availability of electric energy services to all of Brazil and the competitiveness of the energy produced by alternative sources.

Currently,  CDE aims to fund several public policies in the Brazilian electricity  sector,  such  as:  universalization  of  the  electricity  service  throughout  the  national  territory; granting of tariff discounts to various users of the service (low income; rural; Irrigating; public water, sewage and sanitation services; incentive energy generation and consumption, etc.); low  tariff  on  isolated  electricity  systems  (Fuel  Consumption Account  -  CCC);  competitiveness  of  electricity  generation  from  the  national  coal  source;  among  others.  The  CDE  is managed by CCEE since May, 2017, pursuant to Federal Law No. 13,360/2016. This charge had been substantially reduced by the 2013 Concession Renewal Law (approximately 75% compared to its December 31, 2011 amount) in an attempt to reduce the cost of electricity paid by Final Customers. The 2013 Concession Renewal Law also allowed the funds from the RGR Fund to be transferred to the CDE, provided that the Federal Treasury would also contribute with the CDE and permit the funds deposited in the CDE to be used in support of the electricity generation program in non-integrated electric grids ( sistemas elétricos isolados ) as well as to partially offset the increased costs borne by distribution concessionaires for the purchase of energy in the Spot Market as a result of the non-renewal of generation concessions due to the 2013 Concession Renewal Law.

On March 7, 2014, the Brazilian government also permitted the transfer to distribution concessionaires of funds deposited in the CDE to cover their respective costs arising from involuntary exposure to the Spot Market in January 2014 as a result of poor hydrological conditions in 2013 and 2014, which mandated the acquisition of thermoelectric energy at higher prices in the Spot Market, costs which distribution concessionaires were not able to pass on to Final Customers through regular Retail Tariffs prior to annual adjustments or formal tariffs periodic revisions made by ANEEL.

Distribution concessionaires will be able to pass on to its Final Customera CDE charge, to the extent necessary to repay their respective financing obligations contracted by the CCEE through the ACR Account. See '-Regulated Market Account-ACR Account.'

On February 27, 2015, ANEEL approved a significant increase of the CDE fee charged to cover all of these additional costs supported by the CDE. ABRACE, an association of Free Customers filed lawsuits to contest the increase of the CDE fee. Since July 2015, the Free Customers associated with ABRACE benefit from an injunction suspending the increase of the CDE fee. Associations of distributors of energy (ABRADEE, with whom Copel Distribuição is associated) also obtained injunctions suspending its obligation to withhold such CDE fees while ABRACE´s and other consumers' injunction remains in force.

Federal Law No. 13,360/2016 established that the Brazilian government must prepare a plan for a structural reduction of the CDE charge until December 31, 2017, and it also provided that the revenues, expenses and beneficiaries of the CDE must be published monthly by CCEE, among other changes. As a result, Decree nº 9,642/2018 was published, which determined the gradual reduction, in 5 years, of discounts granted to consumer units classified as Rural and Public Service of Water, Sewage and Sanitation, in Groups A (high voltage) and B (low voltage).

## Regulated Market Account - ACR Account.

On April 2014, the Brazilian government created the Regulated Market Account, Conta no Ambiente de Contratação Regulada - Conta-ACR ('ACR Account'), to assist distribution concessionaires to cover their respective costs for the acquisition of thermoelectric energy for the period from February 2014 to December 2014, incurred as a result of poor hydrological conditions. Distributors incurred higher costs as a result of adverse hydrological conditions because they were required to buy thermoelectric energy at higher prices in the Spot  Market,  and  were  unable  to  pass  all  these  costs  on  to  Final  Customers  prior  to  a  formal  tariff  periodic  revision  made  by  ANEEL.  To  fund  the  ACR  Account,  the  Brazilian government authorized the CCEE to enter into credit agreements with certain Brazilian financial institutions. An aggregate of R$21.7 billion, composed of nine tranches, was deposited in the ACR Account. Distribution concessionaires have been repaying this loan since 2015 by charging its Final Customers with additional CDE amounts on a monthly basis. At first, the amount deposited in the ACR Account should be repaid by 2020. However, in March 2019, ANEEL authorized CCEE to negotiate with the creditor financial institutions and seek early termination of the corresponding loans, which occurred in September 2019.

## Water Scarcity Account

Created through Decree No. 10,939, of January 13, 2022 and regulated by ANEEL Normative Resolution No. 1. 008/2022, the Water Scarcity Account is intended to receive funds to cover, in whole or in part, the additional costs arising from water shortage for the concessionaires and permissionaires of public service of electricity distribution. The Water Scarcity Account allowed the postponement and payment in installments of the tariff impacts arising from the period of hydrological crisis, not immediately impacting the energy bills in the year 2021, through financial operations using the tariff charge of the Energy Development Account ('CDE'). The Electricity Trading Chamber is responsible for contracting the financial operations aimed at raising funds and managing the Water Scarcity Account, ensuring the full transfer of the costs related to these operations to the CDE, as regulated by ANEEL.

## Itaipu Transmission Fee

The Itaipu Hydroelectric Plant has an exclusive transmission grid and is not part of the Interconnected Transmission System. Companies that are entitled to receive electricity from Itaipu pay a transmission fee in an amount equal to their proportional share of the Itaipu generated electricity.

## Use of Water Resources Tax

Holders of concessions and authorizations that allow for the exploitation of water resources must pay a total tax of 7.00% of the value of the energy they generate, which for the purposes of this calculation is based on a rate set by ANEEL. Beginning on January 1, 2021, ANEEL set this rate at R$76.00/MWh. The proceeds of this tax are shared among the states and municipalities where the plant or the plant's reservoir is located, as well as with certain federal agencies.

## ANEEL Inspection Fee (TFSEE)

The ANEEL Inspection Fee is an annual fee due by the holders of concessions, permissions or authorizations equal to an ANEEL determined percentage of their revenues. The ANEEL Inspection Fee requires these holders to pay up to 0.4% of their annual revenue to ANEEL in 12 monthly installments.

## Default on the Payment of Regulatory Charges

The failure to pay required contributions to the RGR Fund, Proinfa Program or CDE or to make certain payments, such as those due from the purchase of electric energy in the regulated market or from Itaipu, will prevent the defaulting party from receiving adjustments or reviews of their tariffs (except for an extraordinary review) and will also prevent the defaulting party from receiving funds from the RGR Fund or CDE. We comply with payment obligations related to Regulatory Charges.

## Energy Reallocation Mechanism

The Energy Reallocation Mechanism ( Mecanismo de Realocação de Energia, or MRE) attempts to mitigate the risks borne by hydroelectric generators due to variations in river flows (hydrological risk).

Under Brazilian law, each hydroelectric plant is assigned a determined amount of 'Assured Energy,' according to an energy supply risk criterion defined by MME, based on historical river flow records. The Assured Energy also represents the maximum energy that can be sold by the generator, which is set forth in each concession agreement, irrespective of the volume of electricity actually generated by the facility.

The MRE tries to guarantee that all participating plants receive the revenue corresponding to their Assured Energy, irrespective of the volume of electricity generated by them. In other words, the MRE effectively reallocates the electricity, transferring the surplus from those who have produced in excess of their Assured Energy to those that have produced less than their Assured Energy. The relocation, which occurs in the Interconnected Transmission System, is determined by the ONS, considering the nationwide electricity demand and hydrological conditions, regardless of the power purchase agreement of each individual generator. The volume of electricity actually generated by the plant, whether more or less than their assigned Assured Energy quotient, is priced pursuant to a tariff known as the 'Energy Optimization Tariff,' designed to cover only the variable operation and maintenance costs of the plant, so that generators are largely unaffected by the actual dispatch of their plants.

Each hydroelectric plant which has its concession contract renewed in accordance to 2013 Concession Renewal Law will no longer participate in the MRE, and the hydrological risk from those plants will be borne by the distribution concessionaires under the National Interconnected Power Grid. For the generation plants with expired concessions, which were subject to a new competitive bidding process under the 2013 Concession Renewal Law, 30% of the generated energy available for the generation concessionaire to sell in the market is also subject to the MRE hydrological risk allocation mechanism. This risk does not impact our distribution business, since we are allowed to increase the tariffs of our distribution customers to compensate any costs arising from this hydrological risk.

## Research and Development

The companies holding concessions and permissions for distribution of electricity must invest a minimum of 0.50% of their annual net operational revenues in research and development and 0.50% in energy efficiency programs. Beginning on January 1, 2023, these percentages will become 0.75% and 0.25%, respectively.

A company holding concessions and authorizations for generation and transmission of electricity must invest a minimum of 1% of its annual net operational revenues in research and development. A company that generates electricity exclusively from small hydroelectric power plants, cogeneration or alternative energy projects is not subject to this requirement.

The amount to be invested in research and development must be distributed as follows:

- 40% to our research and development projects, under the supervision of ANEEL;
- 40% to the Ministry of Sciences and Technology, to be invested in national research and development projects; and
- 20% to the MME, to defray EPE.

In March 2021, Law 14,120/2021 and ANEEL Resolution 929/2021 changed the allocation of research and development resources.

The amount not yet committed to the research and development program until September 2020 will be transferred to CDE as a way to promote tariff moderateness. In the same way, until December 2025, a minimum of 70% of the percentages defined by law must continue to be invested in research and development programs while the difference will be transferred to CDE.

- These measures do not impact the amounts to be invested by the concessionaires, but rather their destination.

## Environmental Regulations

The Brazilian Federal Constitution includes environmental matters among the ones that are subject to concurrent legislative competence. This means that the Brazilian Federal Government announces general rules that can be then complemented by rules approved by states and municipalities. The system aims to integrate environmental policies, which are always guided by a national directive, while still granting some power to the states and municipalities to regulate and act locally.

In 1981, the National Environmental Policy was enacted in Brazil (Federal Law 6,938/1981), with an aim to preserve, improve, and recover the environment in Brazil by the establishing several principles to be met by different parties. This culminated in an extensive regulatory framework towards mindful use, conservation, and effective protection of natural resources.

For example, in 1988, Article 225 of the Federal Constitution alluded to environmental issues, advocating for the right of all citizens to an ecologically balanced environment and the duty of the collective to defend and preserve the environment for future generations. In 1998, the Federal Environmental Crimes Law (Law 9,605/1998) was published, providing for criminal and administrative penalties for conduct and activity deemed harmful to the environment.

The entities that make up the National Environmental System and the publications of the National Environmental Council ( Conselho Nacional de Meio Ambiente ),  which regulate numerous issues, especially those related to the process of environmental licensing of enterprises, are also relevant to Brazil's efforts towards environmental protection.

Additional federal laws and statutes established the National System of Water Resources Administration and the National Council of Water Resources in order to deal with main environmental issues associated with the hydroelectric sector and water usage. In 2000, the Federal Government created an independent agency, the National Water Resources Agency, to regulate and supervise the usage of water resources. In 2008, Federal Decree 6,514/2008 was enacted to further define administrative responsibility for environmental violations.

Also noteworthy is the Brazilian Forest Code (Federal Law 12,651/2012) and related regulations that established norms in relation to vegetation that may suffer from the impacts resulting from the implementation of enterprises associated with hydroelectric reservoirs.

In  addition  to  the  applicable  legislation  mentioned  above,  it  is  also  necessary  to  consider  the  actions  of  the  so-called  Intervening  Bodies,  which  are  entities  related  to  the environmental licensing process.  However, the  Intervening  Bodies  also  act  on  more  specific  issues,  the  most  frequent  being  related  to  the  National  Indian  Foundation  (Funai),  the Institute of National Historical and Artistic Heritage (Iphan), the Palmares Foundation, the Chico Mendes Institute for Biodiversity Conservation (ICMBio), among others.

All these regulations can increase the costs associated with the implementation of energy generation and transmission projects, since concessionaires need to fully adhere to all environmental laws and regulations.

Thus,  according  to  Brazilian  environmental  legislation,  any  action  that  represents  environmental  risk  can  result  in  up  to  three  types  of  liability:  civil,  administrative  and criminal. Thus, those who violate an environmental law may be subject to administrative and criminal sanctions, and in cases of environmental damage, will have the obligation to repair or compensate the affected party. Administrative sanctions may apply to us and to individual company representatives simultaneously and may include significant fines and suspension of  activities.  Criminal  sanctions  may  include  fines,  and  for  individuals,  including  directors  and  employees  of  companies  that  have  committed  environmental  crimes,  possible imprisonment.

All of ours power generation, distribution and transmission facilities are subject to environmental licensing procedures and environmental licenses obtained by such facilities may establish several criteria. The maintenance of these licenses will still be subject to compliance with certain requirements, hence why the we consistently act in full compliance of applicable environmental legislation.

## Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

## Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

The information presented in this section should be read together with our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 that have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. For more information see 'Presentation of Financial and Other Information' and Note 3 to our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022.

The information presented in this section focuses on material events and uncertainties known to our management that could result in reported financial information not being indicative  of  future  operating  results  or  future  financial  condition,  including  a  quantitative  and  qualitative  description  of  the  reasons  underlying  material  changes.  The  following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ significantly from those discussed in the forward-looking statements for several reasons, including, without limitation, the risks described in 'Forward-Looking Statements' and 'Item 3. Key Information-Risk Factors.'

## OVERVIEW

## Brazilian Economic Conditions

All of our operations are in Brazil, and we are affected by general Brazilian economic conditions. In particular, the general performance of the Brazilian economy affects demand for electricity, and inflation affects our costs and our margins. The Brazilian economic environment faced periods of instability in recent years, impacting the performance of the Brazilian GDP growth rates, with an increase of 2.3% in 2013 and 0.1% in 2014 and a decrease of 3.8% in 2015. The growth rate was equally negative in 2016, with a decrease of 3.3%. The economic environment showed signs of recovery in 2017, with an increase of 1.0% in growth rate. In 2018 and 2019, the economic environment continued to recover, with an increase of 1.3% and 1.1%, respectively, in growth rate. In 2020, the growth rate decreased by 4.1%. In 2021, the growth rate increased by 4.6%. In 2022, the growth rate increased by 2.9%.

The following table shows selected economic data for the periods indicated:

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Inflation (IPCA)  5.79%  10.06%  4.52%  Inflation (IGP-DI)  5.03%  17.74%  23.7%  Appreciation (depreciation) of the real vs. U.S. dollar  (6.5)%  7.5%  (28.8)%  Period-end exchange rate - US$1.00  5.2171  5.5799  5.1967  Average exchange rate - US$1.00  5.1648  5.3949  5.1558  Change in real GDP  2.9%  4.6%  (4.1)%  Average interbank interest rates  12.5%  4.5%  2.8%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The real /U.S. dollar exchange rate at December 31, 2022 was R$5.2171 per US$1.00.

Calculated in accordance with Central Clearing and Custody House, or Central de Custódia e Liquidação Financeira de Títulos ('CETIP'), methodology (based on nominal rates).

Sources : FGV -Fundação Getúlio Vargas , the Brazilian Central Bank, the Brazilian Geography and Statistics Institute IBGE and CETIP.

## Rates and Prices

Our operational results are significantly affected by changes in the prices at which our generation business sells energy, and by the prices at which our distribution and trading business buys and resells energy.

Our generation business sells energy at unregulated prices in the regulated market, in the Free Market and in the Spot Market. Our generation business allocates the amount of energy that it sells in each of these markets seeking to maximize returns and subject to applicable restrictions, based on factors such as: (i) the requirements of its concession contracts, many of which set a minimum percentage of energy generated in a particular concession that must be sold in the regulated market; (ii) the volume of energy that we plan to sell to Free Customers for a given year; and (iii) the outlook of the short-term, medium-term and long-term for energy prices generally. Although sales in the Free Market and the Spot Market are not directly regulated, they are influenced by energy regulatory policy. The prices at which our generation business sells energy are not regulated.

Our distribution business purchases enough energy to meet 100% of the demand we forecast for our Final Customers in auctions at unregulated prices in the regulated market. Our distribution business resells that energy to Final Customers at regulated tariffs that take into consideration the price at which the energy was purchased. If our forecasts fall short of the actual electricity demand of our Final Customers, we may be required to enter into short-term agreements to purchase electricity in the Spot Market. If our forecasts exceed the actual demand of our Final Customers, our distribution business sells the excess energy in the Spot Market. The margins in our distribution business tend to be relatively stable due to the regulated nature of the distribution business, while the margins in our generation business are typically larger but less stable, since they are not substantially market regulated.

Sales to Final Customers (which include sales by our distribution business to Captive Customers, sales by our generation business and sales by our trading business to Free Customers) represented approximately 53.1% of the volume of electricity we made available in 2022, and accounted for 60.3% of our energy sales revenues. Almost all of such sales were to Captive Customers. For more information, see 'Item 4. Information on the Company-The Brazilian Electric Power Industry-Distribution Tariffs.' In general, if our costs for energy increase, the tariff process permits us to recover these costs from our customers through higher rates in future periods. However, if we do not receive tariff increases to cover our costs, if the recovery of these costs is delayed, or if our Board of Directors elects to reduce the tariff increase awarded by ANEEL, our profits and cash flows may be adversely affected.

ANEEL modifies our Retail Tariffs annually, generally in June. Since January 2013, the adjustments have been as follows.

- In January 2013, due to the enactment of 2013 Concession Renewal Law, we were subject to an extraordinary revision approved by ANEEL. The average impact of this extraordinary review in the tariffs we charge our customers was a decrease of 19.28%.
- In June 2013, ANEEL approved the annual revision of our Retail Tariffs, increasing them by an average of 13.08%, of which 11.40% related to the tariff increase and 1.68% referred to an increase in recovery of deferred regulatory accounts (CVA). After giving effect to the recovery of Parcel A costs, the average effect of this tariff adjustment on our Captive Customers was an increase of 14.61%. However, Copel Distribuição requested a partial deferral of this adjustment, which was authorized by ANEEL and approved on July 9, 2013. The amount of R$255.9 million was therefore deferred and included as a financial component in the 2014 annual revision. This deferral reduced the average effect of the tariff adjustment to 9.55%.
- In June 2014, ANEEL approved the annual adjustment of our Retail Tariffs, increasing them by an average of 35.38%, of which 25.05% related to the tariff increase and 10.34% related to an increase in recovery of deferred regulatory accounts (CVA). After giving effect to the recovery of Parcel A costs, the average effect of this tariff adjustment on our Captive Customers was an increase of 39.71%. However, Copel Distribuição requested a partial deferral of this adjustment, which was authorized by ANEEL and approved on July 22, 2014. The amount of R$898.3 million was therefore deferred and included as a financial component in the 2015 annual adjustment. This deferral reduced the average effect of the tariff revision to 24.86%.
- In March 2015, ANEEL approved an extraordinary revision due to a series of events that significantly impacted the distribution concessionaires' costs, which were not originally foreseen in the 2014 Retail Tariff increase, such as the increase of Itaipu tariffs (46.14%) and higher prices to purchase energy in recent energy auctions. Copel Distribuição's Average Tariff revision approved by ANEEL was 36.79% starting from March 2, 2015. Of this total, 22.14% related to CDE charges that have been passed to customers and 14.65% relates to (i) Itaipu's tariff increase and (ii) the higher prices paid by us to purchase energy in recent energy auctions that have been passed to customers.
- In June 2015, ANEEL authorized the annual revision of Copel Distribuição's tariff to Final Customers, increasing them by an average of 15.32%, of which (i) 20.58% related to the inclusion of the financial components, which will be recovered in the 12 months subsequent to the adjustment (including the amount of R$935.3 million corresponding to the deferrals in 2013 and 2014), (ii) 0.34% related to the restatement of Portion B, (iii) (3.25)% related to the adjustment of Portion A, and (iv) (2.35)% reflected the removal of the financial components from the previous process. The adjustment was fully applied to Copel Distribuição's tariffs as of June 24, 2015.
- In  June  2016,  ANEEL approved the fourth periodic review of our Retail Tariffs, decreasing them by 12.87%, of which: (1.73)% related to the inclusion of financial components; 4.48% due to the update of Portion B; (2.57)% related to the update of Portion A; and (13.05)% reflecting the removal of the financial components of the previous tariff process.

- In  March  2017,  ANEEL  approved  an  extraordinary  tariff  revision  to  correct  the  amount  unduly  included  in  the  tariffs  for  captive  consumers  in  2016.  The  return corresponded to the energy that was to be generated by the Angra III power plant; however, the plant was not yet in commercial operation. The refund of the amount charged the most was made in a single installment during the month of April 2017, and, as of May 2017, the tariffs were adjusted to disregard the amount that was being charged. The decision, of extraordinary character, affected 90 distributors of electric power of the country. Our retail tariff (residential B1) was reduced by an average of 11.8% during April 2017 due to the adjustment resulting from the removal of the Reserve Energy Charge (EER) tariff coverage of the Angra III plant, retroactive to the last Periodic  Tariff  Review,  held  in  June/2016. As  of  May  2017,  the  tariff  was  reset,  disregarding  the  effect  arising  from  the  retroactive  adjustment,  but  maintaining  the exclusion of the EER (Reserve Energy Charge) component of Angra III for the coming months, until June 2017, the month of the adjustment annual tariff.
- In  June  2017,  ANEEL approved the annual revision of our Retail Tariffs, increasing them by an average of 3.13%, of which 3.86% related to the tariff increase and (0.73)% related to the inclusion of financial components. After the removal of the financial components of the previous tariff process, the average effect of this tariff adjustment on our Customers was an increase of 5.85%.
- In June 2018, ANEEL approved the annual revision of our Retail Tariffs, increasing them by an average of 14.32%, of which 7.80% related to the tariff increase and 6.52% related to the inclusion of financial components. After the removal of the financial components of the previous tariff process, the average effect of this tariff adjustment on our Customers was an increase of 15.99%.
- In June 2019, ANEEL approved the annual adjustment of our Tariffs, increasing them on average by 8.57%, with -1.96% related to the variation in economic revenue and 10.54%  related  to  the  inclusion  of  financial  components.  After  removing  the  financial  components  from  the  previous  tariff  process,  the  average  effect  of  the  tariff adjustment on our consumers was an increase by 3.41%.
- In June 2020, ANEEL approved the annual adjustment of our supply tariffs, which represented a tariff repositioning index of 15.84%, comprised of a variation of 8.68% in the economic components and 7.16% in the financial components. After removing the effect of the financial variables from the previous tariff process, the average effect perceived by the customers would be 5.39%. However, in an aim to reduce the impact on electric bills due to the financial consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, ANEEL created the COVID-19 Fund, a loan operation between various banks contracted by the CCEE in order to dilute tariff increases in the next five years. Thus, Copel Distribution asked that the effects the COVID-19 Fund be applied to our annual tariff adjustment in the amount of R$536 million, equivalent to the accumulated total of the Compensation Account for the Variation of Items of Parcel A (CVA), considered a negative financial component, ultimately reducing the effect on the consumer. With the removal of the previous year's financial components, the final average effect perceived by the consumer was 0.41%.
- In June 2021, ANEEL approved the fifth periodic review of our Retail Tariffs, increasing them by 9.89% in average, of which: 1.19% related to the inclusion of financial components; 1.05% due to the update of Portion B; 8.62% related to the update of Portion A; and (0.98)% reflecting the removal of the financial components of the previous tariff process.
- In June 2022, ANEEL approved our annual tariff adjustment with an average tariff increase of 4.90%, of which: -3.04% referring to the inclusion of financial components; 3.14% due to the update of Part B; 5.04% referring to the update of Part A; and -0.24% reflecting the withdrawal of financial components from the previous tariff process.

## Purchase and Resale of Energy

Our  distribution  business  purchases  energy  from  generation  companies  and  resells  this  energy  to  Final  Customers  at  regulated  rates.  For  more  information,  see  'Item  4. Information on the Company- Business-Generation' and 'Item 4. Information on the Company-Business-Purchases for the captive market.' Our major long-term contracts or purchase obligations are described as follows.

- We purchase  energy  from  Itaipu  at  prices  that  are  determined  based  on  the  Itaipu  project's  costs,  including  servicing  its  U.S.  dollar-denominated  debt.  In  2022,  our electricity purchases from Itaipu amounted to R$1,461.0 million;
- Our distribution business is required to purchase a large portion of its energy needs from the regulated market. For more information, see 'Item 4. Information on the Company-The Brazilian Electric Power-Industry-Concessions-Auctions in the Regulated Market.'

Under current legislation, the amount that our distribution business charges Final Customers is composed of two fees: a fee for the actual energy consumed and a fee for the use of our distribution grid. Since the regulated rates at which our distribution business sells energy to Final Customers are substantially the same as the rates at which it purchases energy (after accounting for deductions and the cost of energy purchased for resale), our distribution business does not generate operating profit from the sale of electricity to Final Customers. Rather, our distribution business generates operating profit principally by collecting tariffs for the use of our distribution grid.

## Special Obligations

The contributions received from the Brazilian government and our customers exclusively for investment in our generation assets, transmission and distribution grid are named as special obligations. We record the amount of these contributions on our statement of financial position as a reduction of assets, under the caption 'special obligations,' and, upon the conclusion or termination of the operating concession granted to us, the amount of these contributions is offset against the assets. The highest amount we recorded as special obligations as  of  December  31,  2022,  from  the  distribution  segment,  was  R$2,775.4  million  as  a  reduction  of  intangible  assets  and  R$73.0  million  as  a  reduction  of  contract  assets. More information in Notes 10.1 and 17.1 to our Financial Statements.

## ANALYSIS OF ELECTRICITY SALES AND COST OF ELECTRICITY PURCHASED

The following table sets forth the volume and Average Rate components of electricity sales and purchases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Categories of purchaser  2022  2021  2020  Electricty Sales  Electricity sales to Final Customers  Average price (R$/MWh):  Industrial customers  453.99  541.07  419.46  Residential customers  419.11  507.95  391.78  Commercial customers  449.55  530.84  407.78  Rural customers  325.89  354.96  250.27  Other customers  667.93  715.58  604.80  Free Customers  234.15  231.00  216.50  All customers  369.09  426.23  350.58  Volume (GWh):  Industrial customers  2,102  2,275  2,314  Residential customers  8,212  8,068  7,910  Commercial customers  4,295  4,149  4,172  Rural customers  2,357  2,461  2,451  Other customers  2,404  2,359  2,333  Free Customers  11,498  9,538  7,989  All customers  30,868  28,849  27,169  Total revenues from sales to Final Customers (millions of R$)  11,393  12,296  9,525  Electricity sales to distributors  Average price (R$/MWh)  155.58  320.83  224,55  Volume (GWh)  29,950  21,925  19,287  Total revenues (millions of R$)  4,644  7,034  4,331  Electricity Purchases  Purchases from Itaipu  Average cost (R$/MWh)  277.12  328,92  321.23  Volume (GWh)  5,272  5,435  5,498  Percentage of total Itaipu production purchased  7.5  8.2  9.2  Total cost (millions of R$)  1,461.0  1,787.7  1,766.1  Purchases from Angra  Average cost (R$/MWh)  342.03  230,23  277,69  Volume (GWh)  928  976  968  Total cost (millions of R$)  317.4  224.7  268.8  Purchases from CCGF  Average cost (R$/MWh)  127.98  116.10  109.18  Volume (GWh)  5,901  5,916  6,136  Total cost (millions of R$)  755.2  686.3  669.9  Purchases from others  Average cost (R$/MWh)  154.43  196.00  213.77  Volume (GWh)  36,024  34,719  19,295  Total cost (millions of R$)  5,563.3  6,805.0  4,124.7   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Average prices or costs do not consider 'use of main distribution and transmission grid' revenue and were calculated by dividing (i) the corresponding revenues, including taxes, by (ii) MWh of electricity sold. Includes Free Customers of Copel GeT and Copel Mercado Livre.

Includes public services such as street lighting, as well as the supply of electricity to government agencies, and Donations and grants.

Energy traded between our subsidiaries not included.

Our purchases of electricity generated by Itaipu are stated in reais and paid for on the basis of a capacity charge expressed in U.S. dollars per kW plus a 'wheeling' (or transportation) charge expressed in reais per kWh. See 'Item 4. Information on the Company-Business-Generation' and 'Item 4. Information on the Company-Business- Purchases for the captive market' for an explanation of our expenses relating to electricity purchases.

## RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

In  2022,  our  net  income  decreased  77.2%  compared  to  2021  mainly  due  to  non-recuuring  events  that  negatively  affected  our  financials  statements,  especially  related  to provision for allocation of PIS and COFINS credits and the increase in provision associated with an arbitration in the evidentiary instruction phase and liquidation of the sentence. Despite this, in 2022, the result was positively impacted by, among other factors, the more favorable hydrological scenario and startup of Vilas Wind Complex into the generation portfolio,  ,  the  0.8%  increase  in  the  grid  market  (which  considers  offset  energy  from  Mini  and  Micro  Distributed  Generation  -  MMGD)  and  the  5  tariff  review  cycle  of  Copel Distribuição, by the increase on transmission assets remuneration and by the increase in energy volume sold by Copel Mercado Livre in comparison to the prior year.

Below is a discussion of the significant components of our results of operations, on a consolidated basis. For more information on our reportable statements, see Note 33 to our audited consolidated financial statements.

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (R$ million)  Net Operating Revenues:  -  -  -  Electricity sales to Final Customers:  11,393.0  12,296.5  9,524.8  Residential  3,441.7  4,098.2  3,098.9  Industrial  954.3  1,230.9  970.6  Commercial, services and other activities  1,930.8  2,202.5  1,701.2  Rural  768.1  873.6  613.4  Other classes  4,298.0  3,891.3  3,140.7  Electricity sales to distributors  4,644.2  7,034.2  4,331.0  Use of main distribution and transmission grid  9,843.7  10,088.3  8,780.5  Residential  2,899.4  3,011.5  2,788.7  Industrial  1,174.1  1,456.4  1,273.3  Commercial, services and other activities  1,735.2  1,771.5  1,628.1  Rural  663.0  623.3  548.7  Other classes  645.7  633.2  582.3  Free consumers  1,819.2  1,440.9  1,164.0  Concessionaires and generators  86.2  79.5  61.7  Operating and maintenance income - O&amp;M and interest income  820.9  1,072.0  733.7  Construction income  2,176.2  1,951.6  1,414.1  -  -  -  Distribution of piped gas  1,669.6  950.9  679.3  Result of Sectorial financial assets and liabilities  1,847.9  2,502.3  746.1  Other operating revenues  534.3  359.0  406.5  Fair value of assets from the indemnity for the concession  89.9  142.6  57.3  (-) Revenue deductions  (10,270.9)  (11,340.9)  (7,306.5)  21,927.9  23,984.5  18,633.1  Operating Costs and Expense  -  -  -  Electricity purchased for resale  (8,096.9)  (9,503.7)  (6,829.5)  Charge of the main distribution and transmission grid  (2,520.5)  (2,501.6)  (1,525.6)  Personnel and management  (1,026.9)  (1,550.9)  (1,601.9)  Pension and healthcare plans  (266.2)  (248.8)  (228.6)  Material  (92.4)  (69.8)  (72.7)  Materials and supplies for power electricity  (120.4)  (1,854.9)  (404.5)  Natural gas and supplies for gas business  (939.5)  (506.1)  (354.7)  Third-party services  (800.7)  (706.6)  (558.0)  Depreciation and amortization  (1,301.0)  (1,082.5)  (1,009.9)  Credit losses, provisions and reversals  (831.2)  (185.0)  (201.4)  Construction cost  (2,149.2)  (1,899.8)  (1,417.5)  Hydrological risk renegotiation - GSF  -  1,570.5  -  Other costs and expenses  (534.6)  (365.4)  (369.2)  Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits  (810.6)  -  -  (19,490.1)  (18,904.6)  (14,573.5)  Equity in earnings of associates and joint ventures  478.6  366.3  193.5  Financial results  (1,966.0)  (327.4)  866.3  Profit before income tax and social contribution  950.4  5,118.8  5,119.4  Income tax and social contribution on profit  199.1  (1,259.6)  (1,285.4)  Net income from continuing operations  1,149.5  3,859.2  3,834.0  Net income (loss) from discontinued operations  -  1,189.6  75.6  Net income for the year  1,149.5  5,048.8  3,909.6  Net income attributable to controlling shareholders  1,112.0  4,952.6  3,904.2  Net income attributable to non-controlling interest  37.3  96.0  5.5  Other comprehensive income  210.0  152.7  (179.2)  Comprehensive income  1,359.3  5,201.4  3,730.6  Comprehensive income attributable to controlling shareholders  1,319.3  5,105.2  3,725.2  Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest  40.0  96.2  5.3   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Includes values for Hydrological risk renegotitation - GSF and Provision for allocation of PIS and COFINS credits

## Results of Operations for 2022 compared with 2021

## Operating Revenues

Our consolidated net operating revenues decreased by 8.6%, or R$2,056.6 million, in 2022 compared to 2021. This result reflected a decrease of R$2,390.0 million in electricity sales to distributors partially offset by an increase of R$ 718.7 million in distribution of piped gas. Below are the main reasons for variations in operating revenue accounts:

Electricity Sales to Final Customers . Our revenues from electricity sales to Final Customers decreased by 7.3%, or R$903.5 million, mainly due to the reduction in the ICMS rate on electricity operations from 29% to 18%, in accordance with Federal Law 194/22 and the growth of micro and mini distributed generation, as follows:

- The revenue from electricity sold to residential  customers  decreased  R$656.4  million  in  2022  compared  to  2021,  reflecting  a  decrease  of  17.5%  in  the  average  price (R$/MWh) of the electricity sold during the same period, despite the increase in volume sold compared to 2021.
- The revenue from electricity sold to industrial customers decreased by 22.5%, or R$276.6 million, in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting a decrease of 16.1% in the average price (R$/MWh).
- The revenue from electricity sold to commercial customers decreased by 12.3%, or R$271.7 million, in 2022 compared to 2021, reflecting a decrease of 15.3% in the average price (R$/MWh).
- The revenue from electricity sold to rural customers decreased by 12.1%, or R$105.5 million, in 2022 compared to 2021.
- The revenue from electricity sold to free customers increased by 26.3%, or R$378.3 million, in 2022 compared to 2021. This increase is mainly due to increase of 39.6% in the volume of energy sold to Copel Mercado Livre's free consumers.

Electricity  Sales  to  Distributors .  Our  revenues  from  electricity  sales  to  distributors  decreased  by  34%,  or  R$2,390.0  million  in  2022  compared  to  2021,  mainly  due  to  the reduction of energy produced by TPP Araucária in 2022, as a consequence of the improvement in hydrological conditions.

Use of main distribution and transmission grid . Our revenues from the use of main distribution and transmission grid decreased by 2.4%, or R$244.6 million, mainly due to the decrease in remuneration on transmission assets, due to the reduction of the IPCA and IGPM indexers, the exemption in ICMS over TUSD/TUST as of September 2022, despite the 0.8% growth in the billed grid market and the tariff adjustment of Copel Distribuição which corresponded to the Average Tariff effect being 9.32% for consumers connected in high voltage and 2.68% for consumers connected in low voltage.

Construction income . Our revenues from construction increased by 11.5%, or R$224.6 million, mainly to higher investments in the energy distribution segment.

Distribution of Piped Gas. Revenues from the distribution of piped gas increased by 75.6%, or R$718.7 million, higher volume distributed in the captive market and the tariff adjustment applied to consumers in February, May and August 2022, with an average cumulative effect of 78.3% in the gas portion as of January, 2022.

Sectorial Financial Assets and Liabilities . Our financial assets and liabilities result decreased by 26.2%, or R$654.4 million as a result of the reduction in energy costs and other financial components.

Other Operating Revenues . Other operating revenues increased by 48.8%, or R$175.3 million, mainly as a result of the increase in the fair value of the energy purchase and sale agreements of Copel Comercialização, and increase in rental revenue.

## Operating Costs and Expense

Our consolidated costs of sales and services provided increased by 3.1% or R$585.5 million. The main factors leading to such increase in our Operating Costs and Expense are as follows:

- Electricity Purchased for Resale . Our purchased energy costs for resale decreased by 14.8%, or R$1,406.8 million, mainly due to more favorable hydrological conditions in the period.
- Charge of the Main Distribution and Transmission Grid. Expenses we incurred for our use of the main distribution and transmission grid increased 0.8%, or R$18.9 million due to the lower value of System Services Charges - ESS.
- Personnel and administrative expenses decreased by 33.8%, or R$524.0 million, mainly reflecting the reduction of R$473.6 million in the provision for performance and profit sharing, the reduction in the number of employees and the cost reduction policy.
- Material and Supplies for Power Electricity decreased 93.5% or R$1,734.5 million as a result of reductions in TPP Araucaria dispatch in 2022.
- Natural Gas and Supplies for Gas Business . Expenses related to natural gas purchases increased 85.6%, or R$433.4 million, resulting from the higher volume and price of acquisition for resale.
- Third-Party Services. Expenses related to third party services increased by 13.3%, or R$94.1 million, resulting from the increase in maintenance costs of the electrical system, due to actions to reduce interruptions to consumers (DEC/FEC) and the increase in O&amp;M services with full entry of wind farms.
- Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization increased by 20.2%, or R$218.5 million, mainly as a result of a revision of estimated useful life of certain assets in the generation segment, mainly due to the adherence, in 2021, to the hydrological risk renegotiation (GSF).
- Credit losses, provisions and reversals . Accrual and provisions increased by 349.3%, or R$646.2 million, as a result of an increase of R$436.5 million in provisions for litigation and R$219.2 million in impairment of assets, mainly in the generation segment due to lower operation of TPP Araucária.

- Construction Cost . Costs related to construction increased by 13.1%, or R$249.4 million, reflecting investments made in the transmission and distribution infrastructure of energy and piped gas.
- Other Costs and Expenses .  Other costs  and  expenses  increased  46.3%,  or  R$169.2  million,  mainly  due  to  the  increase  in  financial  compensation  for  the  use  of  water resources related to the higher volume of generation from hydroelectric plants and the increase of R$58.3 million in losses in the decommissioning and disposal of assets.

## Equity earnings of associates and joint ventures

Equity earnings of associates and joint ventures was R$478.6 million in 2022, an increase of 30.7%, compared to R$366.3 million in 2021. This variation is a result of the positive result of equity in the electricity transmission jointly controlled companies, mainly as a result of the higher monetary restatement on contract assets.

## Financial Results

We recognized a decrease of financial gains of 500.5%, or R$1,638.6 million mainly due to: (i) update of provision for destination of PIS and Cofins credits of R$1,011.4 million; (ii) the lack ofincome from financial updating of the CRC contract due to its settlement in August 2021 and; (iii) increase in interest expenses in the amount of R$ 627.3 million, due to higher interest on loans and financing (CDI accumulated in 2022 of 12.38% against 4.42% in 2021), partially offset by the better return on financial investments (in the amount of R$299.4 million).

## Income Tax and Social Contribution Expenses

Credits to be recovered as of December 31, 2022 amounted to R$199.1 million, referring mainly to the greater tax benefit related to the payment of interest on equity. For more information, see explanatory note 12.3 to our financial statements.

## Results of Operations for 2021 Compared with 2020

## Operating Revenues

Our consolidated net operating revenues increased by 28.7%, or R$5,351.4 million, in 2021 compared to 2020. This result reflected, an increase of R$9,385.8 million in gross operating revenue offset by an increase of R$4,034.4 million in revenue deductions (PIS/PASEP and COFINS, ICMS, ISSQN and sectorial charges). Below are the main reasons for variations in revenue accounts:

Electricity Sales to Final Customers . Our revenues from electricity sales to Final Customers increased by 29.1%, or R$2,771.7 million, mainly due to the increase in the average price and volume sold, as follows:

- The revenue from electricity sold to residential customers increased R$999.3 million in 2021 compared to 2020, also considering a growth of 29.7% on the average price (R$/MWh) of the electricity sold during the same period, and the increase in volume sold compared to 2020.
- The revenue from electricity sold to industrial customers increased by 26.8%, or R$260.3 million, in 2021 compared to 2020, considering an increase of 29.0% on the average price (R$/MWh).
- The revenue from electricity sold to commercial customers increased by 29.5%, or R$501.3 million, in 2021 compared to 2020, considering an increase of 30.2% on the average price (R$/MWh).
- The revenue from electricity sold to rural customers increased by 42.4%, or R$260.2 million, in 2021 compared to 2020. This increase is mainly due to the reduction of subsidies applied to the rural class, under the terms of Federal Decree n. 9,642/2018.
- The revenue from electricity sold to free customers increased by 27.4%, or R$ 473.7 million, in 2021 compared to 2020. This increase is mainly due to increase of 70.0% in the volume of energy sold to Copel Mercado Livre's free consumers.

Electricity Sales to Distributors . Our revenues from electricity sales to distributors increased by 62.4%, or R$ 2,703.2 million, mainly due to the sale of 2,195 GWh of energy produced by TPP Araucária in 2021 and the increase in volume of energy sold under bilateral contracts by Copel Mercado Livre.

Use of main distribution and transmission grid . Our revenues from the use of main distribution and transmission grid increased by 14.9%, or R$1,307.8 million, mainly due to the  increase  in  remuneration  on  transmission  assets,  due  to  the  growth  of  the  IPCA  and  IGPM  indexers,  the  5.6%  growth  in  the  grid  market  and  the  tariff  adjustment  of  Copel Distribuição which corresponded to the Average Tariff effect being 9.57% for consumers connected in high voltage and 10.04% for consumers connected in low voltage.

Construction income . Our revenues from construction increased by 38.0%, or R$537.5 million, mainly to higher investments in the energy distribution segment.

Distribution of Piped Gas. Revenues from the distribution of piped gas increased by 40.0%, or R$271.6 million, due to the higher volume of sales from Compagas to TPP Araucária and the tariff adjustment, with an average effect of 18.2%, applied to consumers as of August 1, 2021.

Sectorial Financial Assets and Liabilities . Our financial assets and liabilities result increased by 235.4%, or R$1,756.2 million due to the higher value of net assets constituted in 2021,  mainly  due  to  higher  electricity  costs  and  system  service  charges  (ESS)  than  those  considered  in  the  calculation  of  the  electricity  tariff  of  Copel  DIS,  a  reflection  of  the hydrological deficit in the period with greater dispatch of thermoelectric plants.

Other Operating Revenues . Other operating revenues decreased by 11.7%, or R$47.5 million, mainly as a result of the decrease in the fair value of the energy purchase and sale agreements of Copel Comercialização, offset by the increase in rental revenue.

## Operating Costs and Expense

Our consolidated costs of sales and services provided increased by 29.7% or R$4,331.1 million. The main factors leading to such increase in our cost of sales and services provided are as follows:

- Electricity Purchased for Resale . Our purchased energy costs for resale increased by 39.2%, or R$2,674.2 million, mainly due to the impact of the water crisis on energy prices and to cope with the higher volume of energy sold in the period.
- Charge of the Main Distribution and Transmission Grid. Expenses we incurred for our use of the main distribution and transmission grid increased 64.0%, or R$976.0 million due to the higher value of System Services Charges - ESS due to the higher thermal dispatch outside the order of merit to face the water crisis and the tariff adjustment of the contracts of the basic grid.
- Personnel and administrative expenses decreased by 3.2%, or R$51.0 million, mainly reflecting the reduction of R$114.3 million in the provision for performance and profit sharing, the reduction in the number of employees and the cost reduction policy, offset by the salary adjustment of 10.78% in October 2021 resulting from the higher inflation rate in the period (3.89% in October 2020), according to the collective bargaining agreement and the R$73.2 million increase in the provision for the voluntary termination program in the period.
- Material and Supplies for Power Electricity increased 358.6% or R$1,450.4 million as a result of TPP Araucaria dispatch in 2021.
- Natural  Gas  and  Supplies  for  Gas  Business .  Expenses  related  to  natural  gas  purchases  increased  42.7%,  or  R$151.4  million,  resulting  from  the  higher  volume  of acquisition for resale.

- Third-Party Services. Expenses related to third party services increased by 26.6%, or R$148.6 million, resulting from the increase in maintenance costs of the electrical system, due to actions to reduce interruptions to consumers (DEC/FEC) and the increase in O&amp;M services with full entry of wind farms.
- Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization increased by 7.2%, or R$72.6 million, as a result of a revision of estimated useful life of certain assets in the generation segment, mainly due to the effects of the hydrological risk renegotiation - GSF.
- Credit losses, provisions and reversals .  Accrual and provisions decreased by by 8.1%, or R$52.3 million, as a result of the reversal of impairment of R$110.3 million, mainly in the generation segment due to higher operation of TPP Araucária and of the reclassification of the recovery of revenues from estimate of credit losses account, which were included in other operational costs and expenses in 2020.
- Construction Cost . Costs related to construction increased by 34.0%, or R$482.3 million, reflecting investments made in the transmission and distribution infrastructure of energy and piped gas.
- Hydrological risk renegotiation - GSF. On September 28, 2021, the Board of Directors of Copel Geração e Transmissão ('Copel GeT') approved the adhesion to the renegotiation of the hydrological risk of the Assured Energy portion not committed to the Regulated Contracting Environment ('ACR'), through the extension of the concession of its hydroelectric plants participating in the energy reallocation mechanism ('MRE').
- Other Costs and Expenses . Other costs and expenses increased 9.6%, or R$32.1 million, mainly due to the reclassification of the recovery of revenues from estimate of credit losses account, partially offset by gains from disposals of assets and rights.

## Equity earnings of associates and joint ventures

Equity earnings of associates and joint ventures was R$366.3 million in 2021, an increase of 89.3%, compared to R$193.5 million in 2020. This variation is a result of the positive result of equity in the electricity transmission jointly controlled companies, mainly as a result of the higher monetary restatement on contract assets, the conclusion of works and the lower provision for arbitration disputes with the EPC holder.

## Financial Results

We recognized a decrease of financial gains of R$1,193.7 million mainly due to: (i) recognition of PIS/COFINS tax credit in 2020; (ii) the lower income from financial updating of the CRC contract due to its settlement in August 2021 and; (iii) increase in interest expenses in the amount of R$ 248.2 million, due to higher interest on loans and financing (CDI accumulated in 2021 of 4.42% against 2.76% in 2020 and IPCA of 10.06% against 4.52%), partially offset by the better return on financial investments (in the amount of R$ 83.2 million).

## Income Tax and Social Contribution Expenses

In 2021, our income tax and social contribution expenses was R$1,259.6 million, reflecting an effective tax rate of 24.6% in our pretax income, compared to R$1,285.4 million and an effective tax rate of 25.1% in our pretax profit in 2020.

## Net income (loss) from discontinued operations

Due to the divestment process, as described in Note 41 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, the results of Copel Telecom operations were classified as discontinued operations. The gross gain from the sale of Copel Telecom, completed on August 3, 2021, was R$ 1,723.9 million, deducting taxes, the net gain was R$1,116.4 million. Considering the consolidated result for 2021, net income from discontinued operations was R$ 1,189.6 million.

## LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our principal liquidity and capital requirements are to finance the expansion and improvement of our distribution and transmission infrastructure and to finance the expansion of our generation facilities.

We believe our working capital is sufficient for our present requirements and the next 12 months. We expect to finance our liquidity and capital requirements primarily with our own  resources,  arising  from  retained  earnings  and  cash  generation  from  our  operations  and  third  party  resources  (BNDES,  Other  Financial  Institutions  and  Capital  Markets).  In December 2022, our Current Liquidity, an index ratio that measures our current assets over our current liabilities reached 1.3x (1.4x in 2021) with a cash balance, equivalent to cash and bonds and securities of R$2,678.8 million (R$3,488.9 million in 2021 and R$3,224.3 million in 2020).

With respect to long term capital needs, we use a model of five years to monitor our needs in a series of scenarios and variables, including Net Debt/EBITDA and minimum cash balance with the intention to preserve the liquidity and improve the capital structure. In this context, we work to anticipate exercises of liability management to improve liquidity if conditions are favorable. 5

All  of  our  future  liquidity  conditions  rely  on  a  series  of  scenarios  and  may  be  adversely  affected  depending  on  market  and  other  conditions. Actual  liquidity  may  differ significantly for several reasons, including, without limitation, the risks described in 'Forward-Looking Statements' and 'Item 3. Key Information-Risk Factors.' F

We have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on the registrant's financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.

We monitor our financial liquidity continuously and, for that purpose, we consider (i) on the external side, the possibility of raising funds through the Financial Institutions, Capital Markets and other Sectoral Institutions, and (b) on the internal side, taking the necessary actions in our operations by reducing expenses or postponing investments in order to guarantee the timely fulfillment of financial obligations. Accordingly, we expect to preserve the working capital required for our operations throughout the period.

In addition to working capital, our other principal uses of cash are capital expenditures, dividend payments and debt servicing. Capital expenditures were R$2,518.5 million in 2022 and R$2,255.2 million in 2021. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our capital expenditures for the periods indicated. Our capital expenditures are focused on projects located in Brazil.

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (R$million)  Generation and transmission  472.7  494.8  431.9  Distribution  1,848.1  1,623.0  1,279.6  Telecom  -  54.4  103.4  Investment of associates and joint ventures  4.8  31.0  72.4  Araucária Thermoelectric Plant  153.6  0.0  0.4  Compagas  23.1  14.3  15.2  Elejor  7.3  31.1  0.2  Others  8.9  6.7  1.6  Total  2,518.5  2,255.3  1,904.7   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Considers investment in projects held 100% by Copel GeT.

Considers amounts referring to Major Inspection and Overhaul of the Plant, initially foreseen in the costing budget, which were reclassified as investments in the 2022 Financial Statements.

As in previous years, our capital requirement will be financed by cash from our operations and/or by external financing, which may serve to offset commitments arising from the maturity of previous external financing.

Our total budgeted capital expenditures for our wholly-owned subsidiaries for 2023 is R$2,182.3 million, of which:

- R$274.9 million are for generation and transmission;
- R$1,878.9 million are for our distribution business;
- R$28.5 million are for other investments.

The following subsidiaries, which are not wholly owned by us, also budgeted their own capital expenditures for 2023, as described as follows:

- Compagas: R$49.9 million; and
- Elejor: R$26.7 million.

Historically, we have financed our liquidity and capital requirements primarily with cash provided by our operations and through external financing. Our principal source of funds in 2022 was our operating activities. Net cash used by financing activities was R$1,922.0 million in 2022, compared with R$2,884.4 million in 2021. Net cash provided by operating activities was R$3,902.6 million in 2022, compared with R$3,386.8 million in 2021 and R$3,940.8 million in 2020. The increase in 2022, compared to 2021, was mainly due to the improvement in the hydrological scenario, with a lower need to purchase energy. The increase in 2021, compared to 2020, is mainly explained by the reduction in expenses with 'Electricity Purchased for Resale,' due to the improvement in hydrological conditions. In 2023, we expect to finance our liquidity and capital requirements primarily with our o wn Resources, arising from retained earnings and cash generation from our operations, primary offering of our shares, and Third Party Resources (BNDES, Other Financial Institutions and Capital Markets).

Long-term  debt  have  generally  been  used  to  finance  our  major  capital  expenditure  projects,  or  capital  expenditures  acquisition  financing  programs  offered  by  Federal Development Bank, as BNDES. The scheduled maturities of these long-term loans have been structured to match the expected cash flow from the conclusion of the related capital expenditure projects and, as a result, reduce the risk of any significant deterioration of our liquidity position.

The following table shows the maturity of loans, financing and debentures:

| (R$million)  Short Term  Long Term  2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  2028  &gt;2028  Total  Domestic Currency  1,625.2  1,256.0  3,386.2  2,009.3  941.4  270.6  2,965.5  12,454.2  Foreign Currency  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total  1,625.2  1,256.0  3,386.2  2,009.3  941.4  270.6  2,965.5  12,454.2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As in prior years, we plan to make significant investments in future periods to expand and upgrade our generation, transmission and distribution businesses. In addition, we may seek to invest in other existing electric utilities, in communications services or in other areas, each of which may require additional domestic and international financing. Our ability to generate cash sufficient to meet our planned expenditures is dependent upon a variety of factors, including our ability to maintain adequate tariff levels, to obtain the required regulatory and environmental authorizations, to access domestic and international capital markets, and a variety of operating and other contingencies. We anticipate that our cash provided by operations may be insufficient to meet these planned capital expenditures, and that we may require additional financing from sources such as BNDES and the Brazilian and international capital markets.

ANEEL's regulations require prior approval from ANEEL for any transfer of funds from our subsidiaries to us in the form of loans or advances. ANEEL approval is not required  for  cash  dividends,  as  long  as  cash  dividends  do  not  exceed  a  dividend  threshold  ('Dividend  Threshold')  equal  to  the  greater  of  adjusted  net  income  or  income  reserves available for distribution. The Dividend Threshold is established by Brazilian Corporate Law.

The cash dividends we have received from our subsidiaries have been historically sufficient to meet our cash flow requirements without exceeding the Dividend Threshold. As a result, we have not sought approval from ANEEL to receive either loans or advances from our subsidiaries or cash dividends from our subsidiaries in excess of the Dividend Threshold. We do not expect these restrictions on loans and advances and on cash dividends exceeding the Dividend Threshold to impact our ability to meet our cash obligations, since we expect cash dividends below the Dividend Threshold to be sufficient in the future.

Our outstanding loans  and  financing  (including  debentures)  as  of  December  31,  2022  totaled  R$12,454.2  million.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  no  debt  outstanding denominated in U.S. dollars. For more information on the terms of these loans and financings including reference to their specific maturity dates and interest rate structure, see Note 20 and 21 to our audited consolidated financial statements. We are not subject to seasonality with respect to our borrowing requirements. Our major loans and financing arrangements are:

## Banco do Brasil:

- In December 2022, we have R$751.7 million of outstanding debt with Banco do Brasil (not including the debentures listed below), consisting of financings we contracted to increase our working capital.

## Debentures:

- In March 2016, Nova Asa Branca I, Nova Asa Branca II, Nova Asa Branca III, Nova Eurus IV and Ventos de Santo Uriel Wind Farms issued R$300.8 million in nonconvertible debentures, with sixteen-year maturity and payment of interest on monthly basis. The interest rate of TJLP index + 2.02% per year is applicable to R$147.6 million and IPCA index + 9.87% per year is applicable to R$153.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate balance of R$217.5 million of outstanding debt under these debentures;
- In July 2018, Copel GeT issued R$1.0 billion in simple, non-convertible debentures, with an interest rate of 126% of the CDI index per year, with a five-year maturity and payment of interest on a semester basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of R$357.6 million under these debentures;
- In September 2018, Copel GeT issued R$290.0 million in simple, non-convertible debentures. These debentures have an interest rate equal to IPCA index + 7.6475% per year, with a seven-year maturity and payment of interest on a semester basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of R$346.9 million under these debentures;
- In September 2018, Copel Distribuição issued R$1.0 billion in simple, non-convertible debentures with an interest rate of CDI index + 2.70% per year, with a five-year maturity and payment of interest on a semester basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of R$346.9 million under these debentures;
- In  March 2019, Cutia Empreendimentos issued R$360.0 million in simple, non-convertible debentures. These debentures have an interest rate equal to IPCA index + 5.8813% per year, with a thirteen-year maturity and payment of interest on a semester basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of R$360.9 million under these debentures;
- In July 2019, Copel GeT issued R$1 billion in simple, non-convertible debentures, in two series, with an interest rate of 109% of the CDI index per year and IPCA index + 3.90% with a five-years and six-years maturity and payment of interest on a semester basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of R$1,104.2 million under these debentures;

- In November 2019, Copel Distribuição issued R$850 million in simple, non-convertible debentures, in two series, with an interest rate of IPCA index + 4.20% per year and CDI index + 1.45% per year with an eight-years and three-years maturity and payment of interest on a semester basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of R$618.2 million under these debentures;
- In June 2021, Copel Distribuição issued R$1.5 billion in simple, non-convertible debentures, in two series, with an interest rate of IPCA index + 4.7742% per year and CDI index + 1.95% per year with a ten-year and five-year maturity and payment of interest on a semester basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of R$1,566.3 million under these debentures;
- In October 2021, Copel GeT issued R$1.5 billion in simple, non-convertible debentures, in two series, with an interest rate of CDI index + 1.38% per year and IPCA index + 5.7138% per year with a five-year and ten-year maturity and payment of interest on a semester basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of R$1,564.8 million under these debentures; and
- In May 2022, Copel Distribuição issued R$1.5 billion in simple, non-convertible debentures, in three series, with an interest rate of IPCA index + 6.1732% per year, CDI + 1.21% per year and CDI + 1.36% per year with a three-year, five year and ten-year maturity and payment of interest on semester basis. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of R$1,525.0 million under these debentures.

## BNDES

- In  December 2013, we received approval for the BNDES financing of HPP Colíder in an aggregate amount of R$1,041.2 million, maturing in October 2031. As of December 31, 2013, we had received R$840.1 million of this amount, with the remaining disbursements to be made in accordance with the construction schedule of HPP Colíder.  Additionally,  BNDES  approved  the  finance  of  the  Cerquilho  III  transmission  substation  in  the  amount  of  R$17.6  million,  which  was  disbursed  in  a  single installment. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate outstanding balance of these two contracts totaled R$623.5 million;
- BNDES has provided a loan to us of R$339.0 million to finance the construction of the Mauá Hydroelectric Plant. Mauá is owned by Consórcio Energético Cruzeiro do Sul, in which we have a 51.0% interest and Eletrosul has a 49.0% interest. BNDES is providing 50.0% of the loan amount, and Banco do Brasil S.A. is providing the remaining 50.0%. All the receivables arising from this plant were pledged in favor of BNDES and Banco do Brasil until full repayment of the loan. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of R$121.4 million in outstanding debt with BNDES and Banco do Brasil under this facility;
- In  December 2011, we entered into a financing contract with BNDES in the total value of R$44.7 million for the construction of Transmission Line Foz do Iguacu Cascavel Oeste, with maturity in 14 years. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of R$11.2 million in outstanding debt under this financing contract;
- In March 2012, we entered into a financing contract with BNDES in the total value of R$282.1 million for the construction of GE Farol, Ge Boa Vista, GE São Bento do Norte and GE Olho D'Água Wind Farms with maturity in 16 years. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of R$155.6 million in outstanding debt under this financing contract;
- In September 2012, we entered into a financing contract with BNDES in the total value of R$73.1 million for the construction of SHP Cavernoso II, with maturity in 16 years. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate balance of R$32.0 million of outstanding debt under this financing contract;
- In December 2014, we entered into a financing contract with BNDES to finance the improvement of the distribution system of the greater Curitiba area, with maturity in 9.4 years. We have obtained a R$139.1 million funding on December 2014 and as of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate outstanding balance of R$11.8 million under this financing contract;
- In June 2015, we entered into a financing contract with BNDES in the total value of R$ 154.6 million for the construction Santa Helena and Santa Maria Wind Farm, with maturity in 16 years. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate balance of R$71.2 million of outstanding debt under this financing contract;
- In December 2015, we entered into a financing contract with BNDES in the total value of R$55.8 million for the construction of Transmission Line Assis - Paraguaçu Paulista II and Londrina - Figueira e Salto Osório - Foz do Chopim C2, with maturity in 15 years. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate balance of R$25.7 million of outstanding debt under this financing contract;

- In November 2018, we entered into a financing contract with BNDES in the total value of R$194.0 million for the implementing Baixo Iguaçu Hydroelectric Power Plant as well as its associated transmission system, with maturity in 17 years. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate balance of R$159.9 million of outstanding debt under this financing contract;
- In October 2018, we entered into a financing contract with BNDES in the total value of R$619.4 million for the construction and implementing Cutia Empreendimentos Eólicos Wind Farms, with maturity in 17 years. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate balance of R$543.3 million of outstanding debt under this financing contract.
- In August 2018, Copel GeT signed a share exchange agreement with Eletrosul in the controlled ventures Costa Oeste Transmissora de Energia S.A. (51% Copel GeT and 49% Eletrosul), Marumbi Transmissora de Energia S.A. (80% Copel GeT and 20% Eletrosul) and Transmissora Sul Brasileira de Energia S.A. (20% Copel GeT and 80% Eletrosul). With this contract, Copel GeT starts to hold 100% interest in the Costa Oeste and Marumbi undertakings and Eletrosul now holds 100% stake in Transmissora Sul Brasileira.
- Marumbi has an agreement signed with BNDES in 2014, in the amount of R$55 million, for the Implementation of the 525 kV Transmission Line between SE Curitiba and SE Curitiba Leste and the implementation of SE Curitiba, with maturity in 14 years. It has a balance on December 31, 2022 of R$20.0 million.
- Costa Oeste has an agreement signed with BNDES in 2013, in the amount of R$36.7 million, for the implementation of the 230 kV Transmission Line between SE Cascavel Oeste and SE Umuarama Sul and the implementation of the SE, with maturity in 14 years. It has a balance on December 31, 2022 of R$13.4 million.
- In June 2020, we entered into a financing contract with BNDES in the total value of R$432.1 million for the implementing of the Transmission Line SE Medianeira, SE Curitiba Centro, SE Curitiba Uberaba, SE Andirá Leste, Curitiba Leste-Blumenau and Baixo Iguaçu Realeza as well as its associated transmission system, with maturity in 23 years. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate balance of R$389.8 million of outstanding debt under this financing contract.

## CAIXA ECONÔMICA FEDERAL (CEF)

- In December 2022, we had R$7.7 million in outstanding debt related to government programs to finance distribution projects.

## BANCO DO NORDESTE

- In May 2021, we entered into a financing contract with BNB for a total value of R$208.7 million for the construction of Jandaíra I, Jandaíra II, Jandaíra III and Jandaíra IV Wind  Farms,  with  a  maturity  of  17  years.  We  had  received  R$69.1  million  of  this  amount,  with  the  remaining  disbursements  to  be  made  in  accordance  with  the construction schedule. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate balance of R$172.5 million of outstanding debt under this financing contract.
- In November 2021, we completed the acquisition of Vilas Complex, which has financing until 2039/2040. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate balance of R$546.3 million of outstanding debt under this financing contract.

In addition, Copel Distribuição applied to receive a loan in the amount of R$ 145.8 million, pursuant to the Term of Acceptance to the Water Scarcity Account created by Decree 10,939/2022 (as proposed in ANEEL Technical Note 08/2022). The loan aims to mitigate the decrease in our operating cash flow as a result of the payments of the Bonus of the Incentive Program for Voluntary Reduction of Consumption of Electricity, energy imports referring to the competences of July and August 2021 and the costs related to the fixed revenue referring to the competences from May to December 2022 of the Simplified Competitive Procedure - PCS of 2021 with monthly transfers as determined and settled by the CCEE. Our application still needs to be approved by the regulatory body.

We are party to several legal proceedings that could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity if the rulings are unfavorable to us. These contingencies are described in 'Item 8. Financial Information-Legal Proceedings.'

In  addition,  we  have  commitments not yet incurred related to long-term contracts, and therefore not recognized in the financial statements, as presented in Note 36 to our consolidated financial statements. The main amount refers to energy purchase and transportation contracts commitments, totaling R$108,768.3 million on December 31, 2022. These commitments are expected to be settled as follows: R$6,971.1 million in less than a year, R$23,154.7 million from one to 5 years and R$78,696.5 million after 5 years.

In Note 34.2.2 to our consolidated financial statements we present the expected values for settlement of contractual obligations undiscounted in each time range. Our projections are based on financial indicators linked to the related financial instruments and forecast according to average market expectations as disclosed in the Brazilian Central Bank's Focus Report.

## Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees

We are managed by:

- a Board of Directors, which may be composed of 9 members; and
- a Board of Executive Officers, which is currently composed of 7 members.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors ordinarily meets monthly. A majority of the members of the Board of Directors is required for the meeting to be held, and decisions are taken by a majority vote of those present at the meeting. For additional information, see 'Item 10. Additional Information-Memorandum and Articles of Association.' The members of the Board of Directors are elected to serve for two-year terms and may be reelected up to another three consecutive terms. Among the current nine members of the Board of Directors:

- five were elected by the controlling shareholders;
- two was elected by minority shareholders (holding voting shares);
- one was elected by minority shareholders (holding outstanding non-voting shares); and
- one was elected by our employees.

According to Brazilian Corporate Law, minority shareholders are entitled to appoint and remove at least one member of the Board of Directors, in a separate election, without the participation of the controlling shareholder, if such minority shareholders hold (i) at least 15% of our voting shares or (ii) at least 10% of our outstanding non-voting shares. Minority shareholders holding at least 10% of our voting shares are entitled to request that a multiple voting procedure be adopted, a proceeding that grants each voting share as many votes as there are members of the Board of Directors and the right for all the voting shareholders to vote for only one candidate or to distribute his votes among several candidates, also in accordance with the Brazilian Corporate Law.

Our bylaws entitle minority shareholders that hold voting shares the right to appoint and remove two members of the Board of Directors, in a separate election, regardless of the voting shares which are held by them as a class, if they haven't appointed a higher number through a Multiple Vote proceeding in the general shareholders' meeting. Moreover, our employees are also entitled to appoint and remove one member of the Board of Directors. However, if a multiple vote proceeding is adopted and, also, the minority shareholders appoint members of the Board of Directors through a separate election, the controlling shareholder is entitled to appoint and remove the same number of members appointed and elected by the minority shareholders and employees, plus one.

Also, according to Brazilian Corporate law, members of our Board of Directors who are elected by the non-controlling shareholders have the right to veto (provided it is duly justified) the appointment of the independent accountant made by the majority of the members of our Board of Directors.

The terms of the current members of the Board of Directors expire in April 2023. The current members of our Board of Directors are:

| Name  Position  Since  Marcel Martins Malczewski  Chairman  2019  Leila Abraham Loria  Director  2017  Andriei José Beber  Director  2021  Carlos Biedermann  Director  2019  Fausto Augusto de Souza  Director  2021  Marco Antônio Barbosa Cândido  Director  2018  Gustavo Bonini Guedes  Director  2019  Marco Antonio Bologna  Director  2021  Daniel Pimentel Slaviero  Director  2019   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following are brief biographies of the current members of our Board of Directors:

Marcel  Martins  Malczewski .  Mr.  Malczewski  was  born  on  December  8,  1964.  He  holds  a  Master's  degree  in  Industrial  Sciences  and  Computing  from  Universidade Tecnológica  Federal  do  Paraná  (1989);  and  a  Bachelor's  degree  in  Electrical  Engineering  from  Universidade  Federal  do  Paraná  (1987).  Mr.  Malczewski  also  attended  the Owner/President Management Program at Harvard Business School (2004). He is currently the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel. He is also member of the Board of Directors of AMcom, InfoPrice and Velsis. Additionally, Mr. Malczewski is a partner at M3 Investimentos Ltda. and at Trivella M3 Investimentos S.A. Previously, he was member of the Board of Directors of Ubook (2017-2021); member of the Board of Directors of Veltec (2012-2018); co-founder (1990), CEO (2001-2009), Chairman (2010-2011) and member of the Board of Directors (2012-2015) at Bematech S.A. He was also a Professor (1989-1994) and coordinator (1991-1994) of the Computer Engineering undergraduate course at Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Paraná.

Leila Abraham Loria . Ms. Loria was born on January 26, 1954. Ms. Loria took a course in Sustainable Capitalism &amp; ESG online from Berkeley Executive Education (2021); a Course on ESG: how to rethink and innovate in business (2021); an advanced Governance, Risk and Compliance training course at Risk University - KPMG (2018) and a Corporate Governance  and  Innovation  course  at  Nova  School  of  Business  and  Economics,  in  Lisbon,  Portugal  (2016);  as  well  as  a  Course  for  Board  Members  from  Instituto  Brasileiro  de Governança Corporativa - IBGC (2015). She holds a Post-MBA in Corporate Governance and Capital Markets for executives from B.I. International (2015), with modules in Columbia and John Hopkins universities, and an International Executive MBA from APG-Amana (1994). Ms. Loria also has a Postgraduate Degree in Business Administration from COPPEADUFRJ Business School (1978) and a Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration from Fundação Getúlio Vargas (1976). Ms. Loria is currently a member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Minority Shareholders Committee of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel. Additionally, she is an Independent Member of the Board of Directors, a Member of the Social and Environmental Responsibility Committee and a Member of the Diversity Committee at JBS; Alternate member of the Advisory Board of Anaconda; Member of the Advisory Council of Casas Pernambucanas; Co-chair of Women Corporate Directors - WCD; and Member of the Ethics Committee at Abracom. Previously, she was Chairman and Member of the Board of the Brazilian Institute of Corporate Governance - IBGC (2018-2022); a member of the Statutory Audit Committee of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel (2017-2021); Member of the Board of Directors of Madeira Energia - MESA and Santo Antônio Energia -SAE (2017-2021); Member of the Advisory Board of INPLAC Indústria de Plástico (2016-2021); Member of the Advisory Board of Costão do Santinho Resort (2016-2021); Member of the Advisory Board of the COPPEAD-UFRJ Business School (20052018);Executive Officer at Telefonica Brasil and Member of the Board of Directors of Telefonica Vivo (2010-2015); Chairman and General Officer at TVA (Abril Group) and Member of the Board of Directors at Tevecap (1997-2006) and Canbras, a joint venture between Abril and Bell Canada (1998-2002); General Officer and Member of the Board of Directors at Direct TV (1997-1999); Chief Business Officer at Walmart (1994-1997); and Chief Officer for Marketing, Sales, Business, Purchasing and Human Resources at Mesbla (1978-1994).

Andriei José Beber. Mr. Beber was born on November 18, 1973. He holds an MBA in Business Management from Fundação Getúlio Vargas (2006); a PhD and a Master's Degree  in  Engineering,  Concentration  Area:  Structures,  from  Universidade  Federal  do  Rio  Grande  do  Sul  (2003  and  1999);  and  a  Bachelor  of  Science  in  Civil  Engineering  from Universidade Regional de Blumenau (1997). He took several professional development courses at Instituto Brasileiro de Governança Corporativa - IBGC (Governance Improvement Course for Directors and Supervisory Board Members of State-Owned Companies and Mixed Economy Corporations (2021), Corporate Risk Management Course (2019), Advanced Course for Board Members (2018), Performance Monitoring Course (2018), Audit Committee Course (2017), and Certified Board Member Course (2016). At Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel, he is currently a member of the Board of Directors, Chairman of the Sustainable Development Committee, and Member of the Minority Shareholders Committee. He is also Alternate member of the Supervisory Board of Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional - CSN; Alternate member of the Board of Directors at Klabin S.A.; Instructor for the Board of Directors training courses at IBGC; Member of the Board of Directors and Coordinator of the Audit Committee of Tecnisa; Member of the Coordinating Committee - SC Chapter of IBGC; and Professor of the FGV Management Graduate Program of Fundação Getúlio Vargas. Previously, he was a Member of the Supervisory Board of Usiminas (2021-2022); Independent  Board  Member at  AES Eletropaulo  (2017-2018);  Coordinator  of  the  Graduate  Course  in  Building  Maintenance  at  Universidade  do  Vale  do  Itajaí  (2004-2019);  Board Member at Centrais Elétricas de Santa Catarina - Celesc S.A. (2010-2015); and Associate Researcher at Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul (1999-2003).

Carlos Biedermann . Mr. Biedermann was born on August 18, 1953. Mr. Biedermann attended the Executive Program of the Singularity University (2019) and the International Business Programme at INSEAD/Harvard in France (1995). He holds a post-graduate degree in Financial Markets from Fundação Getúlio Vargas - FGV (1979) and Bachelors' degrees in Accounting, from Unisinos (1977), and in Business Management and Public Management, from Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul (1975). He is currently a member of the Board of Directors and Financial expert member of the Statutory Audit Committee of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel. Mr. Biedermann has considerable experience as a board member in several sectors, including organizations such as Amcham/RS and the Association of Marketing and Sales Directors of Brazil - ADVB/RS. At present, he is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Brivia Dez and also has seats in the Board of Directors of Lojas Lebes, and Solar. He is a member of the Audit Committee of Suzano Papel e Celulose, Grupo Algar,  Grupo  Cornélio  Brennand,  Moinho  Paulista,  Banrisul,  Grupo  Raymundo  da  Fonte  and  Tribanco.  Additionally,  he  is  an  instructor  at  the  Brazilian  Institute  of  Corporate Governance - IBGC and a partner at Biedermann Consulting. Previously, he was Chairman of the Board of Directors of Trensurb (2019-2021); Guest lecturer in the Post-MBA Corporate Governance  Program  at  Unisinos  (2017-2019);  Member  of  the  Advisory  Board  of  Farmácias  São  João  (2016-2019);  Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  of  Instituto  Brasileiro  de Governança Corporativa - IBGC (2009-2014); Chairman (2013-2014) and member of the Board of the Young Presidents Organization - YPO (2009-2012 and 2015-2017); Chairman of the Deliberative Council of Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense (2016-2022); and Senior Partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditing and Consulting (2002-2015).

Fausto Augusto de Souza. Mr. Souza was born on November 04, 1980. He holds an Executive MBA in Finance and Capital Markets from FAE Business School (2022), an Executive MBA in Management - Electricity Sector from Fundação Getúlio Vargas (2019), a Master's degree in Electrical Engineering from Universidade Federal do Paraná (2015), a Bachelor's degree in Electrotechnical Engineering fom Universidade Tuiuti do Paraná (2011) and a Specialization in Automation and Industrial Process Control from Universidade Tecnológica Federal do Paraná (2005). He formerly took courses in Technologist in Electrotechnics: Automation and Industrial Drives (2003) and Technician in Electrotechnics at Universidade Tecnológica Federal do Paraná (1999). He is currently a member of theBoard of Directors and of the Sustainable Development Committee of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel, and he also serves as Electro-technical Technician at Copel Distribuição S.A. Previously he was a member of the Permanent Commission of the Ecoefficiency Program at  Companhia  Paranaense  de  Energia  -  Copel  (2017-2018);  Substitute  Professor  of  the  Electrical  Engineering,  Control  and  Automation  Engineering  and  Industrial  Automation Technology  courses  at  Universidade  Tecnológica  Federal  do  Paraná  -  UTFPR  (2013-2015);  Professor  and  researcher  of  the  Electrical  Engineering  and  Control  and  Automation Engineering courses at Unisociesc - Curitiba campus (2016-2017); and Professor of the Electrical Engineering and Systems Analysis course at Universidade Unicesumar - Curitiba (2018-2020).

Marco Antônio Barbosa Cândido . Mr. Cândido was born on March 6, 1969. Mr. Cândido holds a Ph.D. and a Master's degree in Production Engineering from Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina - UFSC (1997 and 1994), and a degree in Aeronautical Mechanics Engineering from Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica - ITA (1991). At Companhia Paranaense  de  Energia  -  Copel,  Mr.  Cândido  is  currently  a  member  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  Chairman  of  the  Statutory  Audit  Committee,  and  Chairman  of  the  Investment  and Innovation Committee. He is also Chief Executive Officer and Founding Partner at MBC Consultoria, and member of the Board of Aebel, Expreso Princesa dos Campos and Athena Saúde S.A. Previously, he was a member of the Board of Hospital Santa Rita and Santa Rita Saúde health care provider in the city of Maringá - PR (2015-2019), at Grupo Positivo (2014-2016) and at Sistema de Saúde Mãe de Deus, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul - RS (2014-2015); Chief Executive Officer at Grupo Paysage (2013-2015), Grupo Marista (20122013), and at Associação Paranaense de Cultura - APC, a parent company of Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Paraná - PUCPR (2005-2012); besides being a full professor, researcher and dean at Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Paraná - PUCPR (1995-2013).

Gustavo Bonini Guedes . Mr. Guedes was born on April 10, 1982. He holds a post-graduate degree in Electoral Law from Centro Universitário Curitiba (2009) and a Bachelor's degree in Law from Centro Universitário Autônomo do Brasil (2004). Mr. Guedes is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel. Additionally, he is a member of the Brazilian Academy of Electoral and Political Law - Abradep, founding partner at Bonini Guedes Advocacia and a Lawyer specialized in Public Law, with more than 15 years of experience in Electoral, Administrative and Public Management Law. Previously, he was President of the Electoral Law Institute of Paraná (2015-2017); a Professor at Escola Superior de Advocacia - ESA/PR (2008-2014); advisory member of the Electoral Law Commission of the Federal Council of the Brazilian Bar Association - OAB (2013-2015); and coordinator of the Electoral Law Department of Vernalha Guimarães e Pereira Advogados (2008-2015).

Marco Antonio Bologna. Mr. Bologna was born on April 22, 1955. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Production Engineering from Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo (1978) and took an Extension course in Financial Services from Lloyds Bank PLC - Manchester Business School da University of Manchester (UK) (1988). At Companhia Paranaense  de  Energia  -  Copel,  he  is  currently  a  member  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  of  the  Investment  and  Innovation  Committee  and  of  the  Minority  Shareholders  Committee. Additionally, he is a member of the Board of Directors of Grupo Edson Queiroz; Member of the Advisory Board of Vivix S.A. (a company of Grupo Cornélio Brennand) and of Grupo Silvio Santos; Member of the Board of Directors of Astra; and Board Member at the non-governmental organization Amigos do Bem. He also act as Strategy, Finance and Governance Consultant of Grupo F. A. Oliva and Partner of Galapagos Capital. Previously, he was President of Grupo Banco Fator (Investment Bank, Brokerage House, Asset Management and Insurance Company) (2015-2018); Member of the Board of Directors and Coordinator of the Audit Committee of Suzano Papel e Celulose S.A. (2006-2018); Chairman of the Board at TAM S.A. (2014-2016); Member of the Board at Multiplus Empresa de Fidelização S.A. (2013-2016); President of TAM S.A. - Holding Company (2010-2015); President of TAM S.A. and TAM Linhas Aéreas S.A. (2004-2007 and 2012-2013); Member of the Board at TAM S.A. (2009-2012); Member of the Board at TAM Aviação Executiva S.A. (2008-2012); CEO of Wtorre S.A. (2008) and Member of the Board of Wtorre Commercial Properties (2009-2011); Member of the Board of Directors of IATF - IATA Tranning Fund (Geneva) (20102011); CEO of TAM Aviação Executiva (2009-2010); Advisor of TAM Empreendimentos e Participações - Holding Company (Amaro family) (2003-2009); Member of the Board of Directors of Banco Daycoval S.A. (2007-2008); Member of the Board of Directors of Interprint S.A (2006-2007); CEO of Banco VR and CFO of Grupo VR (Szajman family) (2003); and CFO of TAM S.A. and TAM Linhas Aéreas S.A. (2001-2003).

Daniel Pimentel Slaviero. Mr. Slaviero was born on November 22, 1980. Mr. Slaviero attended the Owner/President Management - OPM program (2015) and the YPO Harvard President Seminar (2010), both from Harvard Business School. Mr. Slaviero also completed the Executive Business Program (STC) from Kellog School of Management/Fundação Dom Cabral (2009); and holds a degree in Business Administration from Universidade Positivo - UP (2001). At Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel he is currently Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Investment and Innovation Committee, Member of the Sustainable Development Committee and Executive Secretary of our Board of Directors. Additionally, Mr. Slaviero serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Copel´s wholly-owned subsidiaries Copel Geração e Transmissão S.A., Copel Distribuição S.A., Copel Comercialização S.A., and  Copel  Renováveis  S.A.  (currently  Copel  Serviços  S.A.).  He  is  also  Chairman  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of  F.D.A.  Geração  de  Energia  Elétrica  S.A.  and  Full  member  in  the consumption category of the Board of Directors of ONS - Operador Nacional do Sistema Elétrico. Previously he acted as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Copel Telecomunicações S.A.  (2019-2021);  Executive  Officer  at  Sistema  Brasileiro  de  Televisão  -  SBT  (2017-2018);  Chief  Business  Officer  at  Sistema  Brasileiro  de  Televisão  -  SBT  (2017-2018);  Chief Institutional Officer at Grupo Silvio Santos (2010-2017); General Director at Sistema Brasileiro de Televisão - SBT Brasília (2010-2017); Chairman at the Brazilian Association of Radio and Television Broadcasters - Abert (2006-2016); Executive Officer at Grupo Paulo Pimentel (2001-2010); and Programming and Production Manager at Grupo Paulo Pimentel (2000-2001).

## BOARD OF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Our Board of Executive Officers meets fortnightly and is responsible for our daily management. Each Executive Officer also has individual responsibilities established by our bylaws and the Board's rules of procedure.

According to our bylaws, our Board of Executive Officers consists of up to seven (7) members. The Executive Officers are elected by the Board of Directors for two-year terms but may be removed by the Board of Directors at any time. The terms of the current members of the Board of Executive Officers expire in December 2023. The current members are as follows:

| Name  Position  Since  Daniel Pimentel Slaviero  Chief Executive Officer  2019  Ana Letícia Feller  Chief Business Management Officer  2018  Adriano Rudek de Moura  Chief Financial and Investor Relations Officer  2017  Cassio Santana da Silva  Chief Business Development Officer  2019  Eduardo Vieira de Souza Barbosa  Chief Legal and Institutional Relations Officer  2019  Vicente Loiácono Neto  Chief Governance, Risk and Compliance Officer  2018  David Campos  Chief Assistant Communications Officer  2019   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following are brief biographies of the current members of our Board of Executive Officers:

Daniel Pimentel Slaviero .  Mr. Slaviero has  been  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  since  January  8,  2019.  For  biographical  information  regarding Mr. Slaviero ,  see  '-Board of Directors.'

Ana Letícia Feller. Ms. Feller was born on October 15, 1977. Besides holding an Executive MBA degree, from Fundação Dom Cabral (2022), she received an MBA degree in Leadership with emphasis in Management, from Estação Business School (2015); a Post-graduate degree in Management with emphasis in Strategic People Management, from FAE Centro Universitário (2009); and a Post-graduate degree in Labor Law, from Unibrasil (2005). She holds a Bachelor's degree in Law from Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Paraná (2000).  She  is  currently  Copel's  Chief  Business  Management  Officer;  Member  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of  Copel  Distribuição  S.A.,  and  Copel  Renováveis  S.A.  (currently  Copel Serviços  S.A.).  Ms.  Feller  has  been  a  Lawyer  at  Companhia  Paranaense  de  Energia  -  Copel  since  2002,  where  she  also  served  as  Member  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of  Copel Comercialização S.A. (2018-2020), Copel Telecomunicações (2019-2021); Assistant to the Chief Business Management Officer (2017-2018); Chair of the Permanent Compensation Committee (2017-2018); Chair of the Management Committee (2017-2018); Human Resources Chief Official (2007-2010 and 2013-2017); and member of the Ethical Guidance Council (2006-2008 and 2010-2012). Additionally, she was an alternate member of the Deliberative Council of Fundação Copel de Previdência e Assistência Social (2014-2018).

Adriano Rudek de Moura . Mr. Moura was born on September 25, 1962. Mr. Moura took professional development courses at Instituto Brasileiro de Governança Corporativa IBGC (2021, 2020 and 2018), at Fundação Dom Cabral (2019), at Duke's Fuqua School of Business (2010) and at Harvard Business School (2007). He received a post-graduate degree in Finance and Controllership from Fundação Instituto de Pesquisas Contábeis, Atuariais e Financeiras - FIPECAFI/USP (1997). Mr. Moura holds a degree in Accounting from Centro Universitário Ítalo Brasileiro - Unítalo (1985). Mr. Moura is currently Copel's Chief Financial and Investor Relations Officer. He is also Chief Financial and Investor Relations Officer of Copel  Geração  e  Transmissão  S.A.  and  Copel  Distribuição  S.A.;  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  Copel  Comercialização  S.A.;  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  of  Copel  Renováveis  S.A. (currently Copel Serviços S.A.). Previously, he was Latin America CFO &amp; IRO at Electrolux (2003-2017); Brazil CFO &amp; IRO at Electrolux (1999-2003); Brazil Controller at Electrolux (1997-1999); Vice-president at Associação Nacional de Fabricantes de Produtos Eletroeletrônicos (National Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers) (2013-2015); member of the Board of Directors at CTI (2011-2017) and at Eletros (2013-2015); member of the Supervisory Board at Gafisa (2009-2014); Tenda (2009-2014); and Alphaville (2012-2013); graduate school Professor at Fundação Armando Alvares Penteado - FAAP (1999); Professor at Faculdade de Administração de Empresas e Economia do Paraná - FAE (1995); and auditor and consultant at Arthur Andersen (1982-1997).

Cassio Santana da Silva . Mr. da Silva was born on August 14, 1978. He holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Universidade Federal do Paraná - UFPR (2002); and an Executive MBA from Fundação Getúlio Vargas - Rio de Janeiro (2003). He is currently Copel's Chief Business Development Officer and Member of the Board of Directors of Copel Geração e Transmissão S.A. Previously, he held leading positions in many multinational companies, such as Business Unit Manager at Telefônica Brasil S.A. (20142019); Senior Brand and Trade Manager at Kimberly Clark (2011-2013); Marketing and Trade Marketing Manager at Danone Northeastern Business Unit (2009-2011); National Trade Marketing Manager at Danone (2008-2009); Trade Marketing Manager at Philip Morris (2007-2008); Regional Sales Manager at Ambev in the Dominican Republic (2006-2007); and Trade Marketing Manager at AmBev (2002-2006).

Eduardo Vieira de Souza Barbosa. Mr. Barbosa was born on October 3, 1982. Mr. Barbosa holds a Graduate Degree in Business Law and Citzenship from Unicuritiba and a graduate degree in Constitutional Law from Academia Brasileira de Direito Constitucional - ABDConst, besides a Bachelor's degree in Law from Universidade Tuiuti do Paraná - UTP. He is currently Copel's Chief Legal and Regulatory Officer, as well as the Chief Legal and Institutional Relations Officer of Copel Geração e Transmissão S.A., Copel Distribuição S.A., Copel  Comercialização  S.A.  and  Copel  Renováveis  S.A.  (currently  Copel  Serviços  S.A.).  Previously  he  acted  as  Chief  Executive  Officer  at  Copel  Renováveis  S.A.  (2019-2021); Member of the Board of Directors of Copel Renováveis S.A., as Executive Secretary (2019-2021); Visiting Professor of Corporate Law for the first graduate studies module at Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Paraná - PUC/PR (2018); Vice chairman of the Câmara de Arbitragem, Mediação e Conciliação Societária do Brasil - Cambra (1 Brazilian Corporate Chamber of Arbitration, Mediation and Conciliation) (2017-2018); Member of the Board of Directors, elected member of the Board of Executive Officers and member of the Auction Committee of the Commercial Registry of the State of Paraná (2015-2018); Strategic Consultant of Companhia Paranaense de Saneamento do Paraná - Sanepar, Assistant to the Chief Legal Officer for CS Bioenergia S.A. (2015-2018); Professor at the Centro de Estudos da Administração Pública - Ceap (Public Administration Studies Center) (2014) and visiting professor of Public Administration; Member of the Political Council (2013-2016) and Chief Legal Officer of the Conselho de Jovens Empresários - CJE (Young Entrepreneurs Committee) (2011-2016) at the State of Paraná Trade Association; Chief Prosecutor of the Commercial Registry of the State of Paraná (2011-2015); Member of the Board of Directors of the Instituto Paranaense de Direito Eleitoral - Iprade (Electoral Law Institute of Paraná) (2010); Member of the Electoral Law Committee of the Brazilian Bar Association - State of Paraná - OAB/PR (2010); Founding  partner  at  Vieira  Barbosa  &amp;  Carneiro  law  office  (2009);  and  Legal  adviser  and  referee  to  legal  and  individual  entities  directly  and  indirectly  connected  to  the  Public Administration.

Vicente Loiácono Neto. Mr. Loiácono was born on June 4, 1983. He holds a Master's Degree in Business Law and Citizenship from Centro Universitário Curitiba - Unicuritiba (2021);  a  post-graduate  degree  in  Civil  Procedure  Law  -  Great  Transformations  from  Universidade  do  Sul  de  Santa  Catarina  (2010),  and  a  Bachelor's  degree  in  Law  from  Centro Universitário Curitiba - Unicuritiba (2007). Mr. Loiácono is currently Copel's Chief Governance, Risk and Compliance Officer. Mr. Loiácono has been a lawyer at the company since 2011, where he also served as Advisor to the Chief Executive Office (2017-2018) and to the Chief Legal Office (2013); and as Member of the Ethical Guidance Council (2014). He also was Coordinator of the Risk and Compliance Committee of Instituto Brasileiro de Executivos de Finanças no Paraná - IBEF-PR (2020-2021); member of the Comission on Corporate Compliance and Anti-corruption of the Brazilian Bar Association - OAB-PR (2019-2021); member of the Comission of Employee Lawyers of the Brazilian Bar Association - OAB-PR (20219-2021); member of the Supervisory Board of Fundação Copel de Previdência e Assistência Social (2015); and deputy coordinator of the Conselho de Jovens Empresários - CJE (Young Entrepreneurs Council) at the State of Paraná Trade Association (2014-2016).

David Campos . Mr. Campos was born on November 05, 1969. Mr. Campos received a Bachelor's degree in Social Communication - Journalism from Universidade Estadual de Ponta Grossa - UEPG (1990). He is currently Chief Assistant Communications Officer at Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel. Previously he acted as Chief Communication Official at Itaipu Binacional (2017); Municipal Secretary of Social Communication at Curitiba Municipality (2011-2012); Head of the Mayor's Office in Curitiba (2010); Chief Journalist at the State of Paraná Legislative Assembly (2001-2009); Secretary of Social Communication for the State of Paraná (1999-2000); and Municipal Secretary of Social Communication at Curitiba Municipality (1997-1998).

## SUPERVISORY BOARD

We have a permanent Supervisory Board ( Conselho Fiscal ), which meets monthly. The Supervisory Board consists of five (5) members and five (5) alternates elected for twoyear terms by the shareholders at the annual meeting, and may be re-elected up to two (2) consecutive times. The Supervisory Board, which is independent of our management and of our external auditors, has the responsibilities provided in Federal Law No. 6,404/1976 and Federal Law No. 13,303/2016, which include, among others:

- reviewing our financial statements and reporting on them to our shareholders;
- issuing  reports  on  proposed  changes  in  capitalization,  corporate  budgets  and  proposed  dividend  distributions  and  any  corporate  reorganization  to  be  submitted  to  the shareholders; and
- in general, supervising the activities of management and reporting on them to our shareholders.

The following table lists the current and alternate members of the Supervisory Board, who were appointed at the 66 annual shareholders' meeting, held on April 29, 2021. The term of all members of the Supervisory Board indicated below will expire in April, 2023.

| Name  Since  Demetrius Nichele Macei  2019  Harry Françóia Júnior  2019  José Paulo da Silva Filho  2019  Eduardo Badyr Donni  2021  Raphael Manhães Martins  2021  Alternates  Roberto Zaninelli Covelo Tizon  2022  Otamir Cesar Martins  2018  Verônica Peixoto Coelho  2021  Estevão de Almeida Accioly  2019  Cristiane do Amaral Mendonça  2021   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Roberto was appointed at the 67 annual shareholders' meeting, held on April 29, 2022, in order to replace João Luiz Giona Junior, who resigned on December 21, 2021.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Under our bylaws, our Audit Committee must be composed of three to five members, and currently has three members, each of whom serves a term of two years, and may be re-elected up to three consecutive times.

Pursuant to the rules of procedure of the Audit Committee, each member must be appointed by, and may be replaced by, a resolution of our Board of Directors. The current members of our Audit Committee are Mr. Marco Antônio Barbosa Cândido (chairman), Mr. Luiz Claudio Maia Vieira and Mr. Carlos Biedermann (audit committee financial expert).

The Audit Committee is responsible for supervising the processes related to the preparation of our financial statements, ensuring that we are in compliance with all legal requirements related to our reporting obligations, monitoring the work of the independent auditors and our staff who are responsible for our internal auditing and reviewing the effectiveness of our internal control and risk management procedures and staff. The Audit Committee meets monthly and have quarterly meetings with the Supervisory Board, the Board of Directors, our and internal and independent auditors.

## APPOINTMENT AND EVALUATION COMMITTEE ('CIA')

The CIA is a permanent statutory body of Copel which provides support to our Board of Directors. The CIA's purpose is to verify the compliance of the process of appointment and evaluation of our statutory body members (i.e. Board of Directors, Supervisory Board, Board of Executive Officers and relevant statutory committees), in each case in accordance with (i) the Appointment Policy; (ii) the Internal Rules of Appointment of Statutory Bodies Members; (iii) other internal rules; and (iv) applicable law. The CIA works closely with Copel (Holding) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and its scope may be extended to controlled companies, affiliates and other companies in which we hold equity interests.

| Member  Position  Date of Appointment  Marcos Leandro Pereira  Chairman  04.29.2021  Robson Augusto Pascoalini  Member  04.29.2021  Durval Jose Soledade Santos  Member  10.01.2021   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INVESTMENT AND INNOVATION COMMITTEE ('CII')

In 2021, we created the Investments and Innovation Committee ('The CII'), an advisory body to the Board of Directors, and approved the Investment Policy to improve capital allocation, an essential tool for the execution of our Strategic Guidelines of sustainable growth, value generation for shareholders and the longevity of our energy business. The policy establishes  criteria  for  the  selection,  prioritization,  evaluation,  approval  and  monitoring  of  investments.  As  such,  the  development  of  projects  takes  this  Policy  and  our  Strategic Guidelines into account. Our Investment Policy is available in our website ri.copel.com/en/.

The CII is a permanent statutory body of Copel which provides support to our Board of Directors. The CII's purpose is to analyze and issue recommendations regarding our investment plans, in order to facilitate robust oversight of our investments by the Board of Directs. The CII works closely with us and its scope may be extended to controlled companies, affiliates and other companies in which we hold equity interests.

| Member  Position  Date of Appointment  Marco Antônio Barbosa Cândido  Chairman  05.06.2021  Daniel Pimentel Slaviero  Member  05.06.2021  Marco Antonio Bologna  Member  05.06.2021   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEE ('CDS')

The  Sustainable  Development  Committee  ('CDS')  is  an  independent  and  permanent  body  that  advises  the  Board  of  Directors  in  relation  to  us.  CDS  may  interact  with companies directly or indirectly controlled by us when determined by the Board of Directors. CDS role, operation and composition are determined by internal policies approved by the Board of Directors. Among its activities, we highlight the assistance to the set of guidelines, policies and principles for the management of personnel and our sustainable development, focusing on social, environmental and governance (ESG) matters, based on best market practices.

| Member  Position  Date of Appointment  Andriei José Beber  Chairman  05.06.2021  Daniel Pimentel Slaviero  Member  05.06.2021  Fausto Augusto de Souza  Member  05.06.2021  Marcos Leandro Pereira  Member  05.06.2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MINORITY SHAREHOLDERS COMMITTEE ('CDM')

The Minority Shareholders' Committee ('CDM') is an independent and permanent body that advises the Board of Directors. CDM role, operation and composition are detailed in internal policies approved by the Board of Directors.

| Member  Position  Date of Appointment  Leila Abraham Loria  Chairman  06.16.2021  Andriei José Beber  Member  06.16.2021  Marco Antonio Bologna  Member  06.16.2021   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, SUPERVISORY BOARD MEMBERS AND AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBERS

Under Brazilian Corporate law, the total compensation of the Board of Directors, Board of Executive Officers and Supervisory Board is established annually by our general shareholders meeting. Under paragraph 3 of section 162 of the Brazilian Corporate Law, the compensation of the members of our Supervisory Board must be equal to, or greater than, 10% of the average compensation paid to the members of our Board of Executive Officers (excluding benefits, representation funds and profit-sharing plans, if applicable). The members of our Supervisory Board received in 2022 15% of the monthly compensation of the Chief Executive Officer. Finally, the members of our Audit Committee (who are also members of our Board of Directors) received the monthly compensation paid to the members of the Supervisory Board plus R$5,000.00.

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the  aggregate  amount  of  compensation  paid  by  us  to  the  members  of  our  Board  of  Directors,  Board  of  Executive  Officers  and Supervisory Board was R$8.6 million, of which 68.1% was for our Board of Executive Officers, 14.5% was for our Board of Directors, 9.5% to our committees, and 7.9% was for our Supervisory Board, as approved by our 67 annual shareholders' meeting held on April 29, 2022.

The following table shows additional details about the compensation paid to the members of our Board of Directors, Board of Executive Officers and Supervisory Board for the periods indicated.

| Compensation (R$'000) in the years ended December 31,  Board of Directors  Executive Officers  Supervisory Board  Area  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  2020  Number of members  9.00  9.17  9.00  7.00  7.00  7.00  5.00  5.17  5.00  Total Salary  1,151.0  756.8  641,1  5,073.3  4,993.5  4,995,0  659,4  659.4  659,4  Largest Salary  227.8  227.8  227.8  879.2  879.2  879,2  131.9  131.9  131.9  Smallest Salary  131.9  43.2  131,9  381,9  388.4  389,9  11.0  43.2  131,9  Average Salary  185.4  157.4  181,4  708.8  713.4  713,6  127.9  106.7  131,9  Compensation for attending committees  814.5  1,099.7  1183,6  -  -  -  -  -  -  Others  92.4  456.5  451,9  755.74  4,834.6  2,106.0  12.6  144.3  145,8  Total  2,058.0  2,313.0  2,276.6  5,829.8  9,828.1  9,360.0  672.0  803.74  805,2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This figure corresponds to the average number of members per year.

Refers to Statutory Committees.

Refers to Private Pension Contribuition, Assistance Plan, Bonuses (only Directors) and Food Allowance (only Directors) and labor charges (years 2020 and 2021). In compliance with the CIRCULAR LETTER/ANUAL-2022CVM/SEP, the 2022 position does not present the amounts related to labor charges.

Comprises Total Salary, Compensation for attending committees and Others.

We have no service contracts with our directors providing for benefits upon termination of employment. We do not have a stock option plan for our directors, officers or employees.

## EMPLOYEES

On December 31, 2022, we had 5,875 employees, compared to 6,383 employees on December 31, 2021 and 6,667 employees on December 31, 2020. Including employees at Compagas, Elejor and UEG Araucária Ltda. (companies in which we have a majority stake) we had 6,029 employees as of December 31, 2022.

The following table sets forth the number of our employees and a breakdown of employees by area of activity as of the dates indicated in each area of our operations.

| As of December 31,  Area  2022  2021  2020  Generation and transmission  1,487  1,523  1,533  Distribution  4,257  4,430  4,641  Telecommunications  0  0  355  Services  0  217  Corporation staff and research and development  84  169  96  Other employees  47  44  42  Total employees of Copel and wholly-owned subsidiaries  5,875  6,383  6,667  Compagas  132  133  142  Elejor  7  7  7  Araucária  15  15  17  Total  6,029  6,538  6,833   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements that we renegotiate annually with unions representing the various professional categories. In 2022, we negotiated and signed labor agreements with the unions that represent our employees, effective as of October, for a period of two years. We agreed to salary increases of 7.19% in 2022 compared to 2021 salaries, with a forecast of readjustment by the accumulated INPC between October 2022 and September 2023 on the base date of October 10, 2023.

We provide a number of benefits to our employees. The most significant is our sponsorship of Fundação Copel de Previdência e Assistência Social ('Fundação Copel'), which supplements  the  Brazilian  government  retirement  and  health  benefits  available  to  our  employees.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  approximately  99%  of  our  employees  had  elected  to participate in a defined contribution plan.

In accordance with federal law and our compensation policy, our employees participate in a profit-sharing plan. The Board of Directors and the shareholders must approve the amount of such compensation, which is determined in accordance with an agreement between an employee committee and us. An employee's receipt of compensation is conditioned on us meeting certain benchmarks described in the above-mentioned agreement, as confirmed in our published year-end financial statements. The amount of profit-sharing distributions reserved and approved for the 2022 fiscal year was R$46.1 million. The amount of profit-sharing distributions accrued and approved for the 2021 fiscal year was R$290.2 million.

On  February  12,  2020  the  Board  of  Directors  approved  the  implementation,  within  Copel  and  its  wholly-owned  subsidiaries,  of  a  short-term  incentive  program  called Performance Incentive Program, or Prêmio Por Desempenho ('PPD') directed at aligning efforts throughout different organizational levels to our strategic objectives. The final cycle of the program began on January 1, 2021 and ended on December 31, 2021. Payment occurred in April 2022. The results obtained at the end of this final cycle show that 39% of our areas met or exceeded the our set goals and the Goal Achievement Index average ( Indice de Cumprimento de Metas or 'ICM') was 92.63%.

## SHARE OWNERSHIP

As of March 31, 2023, board members and executive officers held, collectively, directly or indirectly, less than 1.0% of any class of our shares.

The following table indicates the board members, executive officers and members of the Supervisory Board who held shares as of March 31, 2023 and their respective share ownership as of such date, considering shares traded on the B3. No other board member, executive officer, members or alternate members of the Supervisory Board held shares issued by us on March 31, 2023.

| Number of shares  Common  Class A  Class B  Units  Board of Directors  Marcel Martins Malczewski  Daniel Pimentel Slaviero  -  -  -  -  Marco Antônio Barbosa Cândido  -  -  -  -  Carlos Biedermann  -  -  -  -  Gustavo Bonini Guedes  -  -  -  -  Marco Antonio Bologna  -  -  -  -  Leila Abraham Loria  -  -  -  -  Andriei José Beber  -  -  -  -  Fausto Augusto de Souza  Executive Officers  Daniel Pimentel Slaviero  -  -  -  -  Ana Letícia Feller  -  -  -  -  Adriano Rudek de Moura  -  -  33,300  17.100  Cassio Santana da Silva  -  -  -  -  Eduardo Vieira de Souza Barbosa  -  -  -  -  Vicente Loiácono Neto  -  -  -  -  David Campos  -  -  -  -  Supervisory Board - Members  Demetrius Nichele Macei  -  -  -  Harry Françóia Júnior  -  -  -  -  José Paulo da Silva Filho  -  -  -  -  Eduardo Badyr Donni  -  -  -  -  Raphael Manhãs Martins  -  -  13,300  -  Supervisory Board - Alternates  Otamir Cesar Marins  Estevão de Almeida Accioly  -  -  -  -  Veronica Peixoto Coelho  -  -  -  -  Cristiane do Amaral Mendonça  -  -  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Considers the share split and the shares held directly or indirectly.

We have no share-based incentive plan for employees.

## Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions.

## MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS

Since 1954, the State of Paraná has owned the majority of our Common Shares and has exercised control over us. On December 31, 2022, the State of Paraná directly owned 69.66% of the Common Shares . The State of Paraná does not have any different voting rights, but as long as it holds a majority of our Common Shares, it will have the right to elect a majority of our directors.

On December 31, 2022, BNDESPAR owned directly 12.44% of our Common Shares.

The following table, sets forth certain information regarding the ownership of our Common Shares on December 31, 2022, including the unfolded ratio of Units:

| Shareholder  Common shares  (thousands)  (% of total)  State of Paraná  734,298  69.7  BNDESPAR  131,162  12.4  Public Float - Traded as part of ADS  32,643  3.1  Public Float - Traded on the B3  137,147  13.0  All directors and officers as a group with trading on B3  17  -  Public Float - Traded on Latibex  222  -  Other  18,601  1.76  Total  1,054,090  100.0   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Includes shares held through Units or ADS.

As of December 31, 2022, our directors and officers owned an aggregate of 17,100 Common Shares, all in Units. None of our directors and officers holds more than 1% of our Common Shares.

Shares held directly in the records of our registrar.

The following table, sets forth certain information regarding the ownership of our Class B Shares on December 31, 2022:

| Shareholder  Class B Shares  (thousand)  (% of total)  State of Paraná  115,945  6.9  BNDESPAR  524,646  31.2  Traded as ADSs  130,572  7.8  Traded on the B3  905,335  53.9  All directors and officers as a group with trading on B3  114  -  Traded on Latibex  1,796  0.1  Other  927  0.2  Total  1,679,335  100.0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Considers shares held through Units or ADS.

On December 31, 2022, our directors and officers held an aggregate of 114,500 Class B Shares, including those grouped together in the form of Units.

Shares held directly in the records of our registrar.

As of March 31, 2023, 22.2% of Common Shares, 5.2% of Class B Shares and 14.3% Units were held by United States residents registered at B3 and Unit ADSs listed on the NYSE represented 14.78% of all outstanding Units.

Our total share capital remained unchanged over the past fiscal year. Upon our migration to Level 2 of Governance Standards of B3, in December 2021, the holder of Preferred Shares was granted restricted voting rights in relation to certain matters. As of today, each Unit gives its holder equal rights to the underlying 1 Common Shares and 4 Class B Shares, as follows:  (i)  each  Common  Shares  has  one  voting  right  in  any  shareholder  meeting  (1  Unit  =  1  vote);  and  (ii)  each  Class  B  Share  has  restricted  voting  rights  in  regard  to  certain fundamental matters when discussed in a shareholders' meeting, as further detailed in 'Item 10. Additional Information. Memorandum and Articles of Association. Voting Rights.'

## Unitization

On April 23, 2021, the Board of Directors approved, the conversion of shares and the formation of share deposit certificates ('Units') under the 1st Share Conversion and Share Deposit Certificate Formation Program ('1st Units Program' or 'Program'). During the request period, the non-controlling shareholders requested (i) the conversion of 362,580,947 common shares into class 'B' preferred shares, the conversion of 139,520 class 'A' preferred shares into class 'B' preferred shares, the total conversion of 82,330,391 class 'B' preferred shares into common shares; and (ii) the creation of 248,134,108 Units. In addition, the State of Paraná, as the controlling shareholder, after the request period, required (i) the conversion of 115,969,784 common shares into Class B preferred shares; and (ii) the creation of 28,992,446 Units, in the book-entry environment. After the conversion, the State of Paraná maintains its participation of 31.1% in our total capital, out of which 5.3% are Units. The Board of Directors approved (i) the ratification of the capital stock, fully subscribed and paid up, in the amount of R$10,800,000,000.00, which, after the conversion of shares, represented by 2,736,553,750 shares, without par value, being 1,054,090,460 common shares, 3,128,000 class 'A' preferred shares, and 1,679,335,290 class 'B' preferred shares; and (ii) the total formation of 277,126,554 Units.

Each Unit comprises four Class B shares plus one Common share. In the United States, each Unit is represented by an ADS issued by the Depositary pursuant to a Deposit Agreement by and among us, the Depositary and the registered holders and beneficial owners from time to time of the ADSs. The ADSs trade on the NYSE under the symbol 'ELP.' In addition to NYSE and B3, in 2021, Latibex also started trading the Units, under the symbol 'XCOPU.'

The following table, sets forth certain information regarding the ownership of our Units on December 31, 2022:

| Shareholder  UNITs  (thousands)  State of Paraná  28,986  BNDESPAR  131,162  Traded - as ADSs  32,643  Traded on B3  27,768  All directors and officers as a group  17  Traded on Latibex  222  Other  73  Total  220,871   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On December 31, 2022, our directors and officers held an aggregate of 17,100 Units.

Since the Conversion Offers were consummated on April 23, 2021 only Units ADS are being traded on the NYSE, while all Class B ADSs are no longer traded.

## Share Split

On March 11, 2021, acting at an Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting, our shareholders approved the splitting of our shares, pursuant the Brazilian Corporate Law, in the proportion of one share to ten shares, so that for each one share issued by us, nine new shares of the same class and type would be credited (the 'Share Split'). The shares were traded exShare Split as of March 12, 2021 (inclusive), and the shares resulting from the Share Split were credited to the shareholders on March 16, 2021. Considering that the Share Split was carried out in such a way that each share we issued was split into ten shares of the same type and class, there was no surplus resulting from fractions of shares.

The Share Split did not affect our capital stock, which remained at R$10,800,000,000.00 as of March 12, 2021, or impacted any rights of holders of our shares. After the Share Split, our capital stock was represented by 2,736,553,750 shares with no par value, of which 1,450,310,800 Common Shares and 1,286,242,950 Preferred Shares and, of these, 3,267,520 Class A Shares and 1,282,975,430 are Class B Shares. Our management took the necessary measures to implement the Share Split of the ADRs.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

We engage in transactions, including the sale of electric energy and charges for use of the transmission system, with our principal shareholders and with our joint ventures and affiliates. The tariffs we charge on electric energy sold to our related parties are approved by ANEEL, and the amounts are not material. We also provide guarantees in the context of financing transactions and power purchase agreements entered into by our subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. For more information, see Note 35 to our audited consolidated financial statements.

## Transactions with Shareholders

The following summarizes the most significant transactions with our principal shareholders:

## BNDES and BNDESPAR

BNDESPAR,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  BNDES,  owns  12.4%  of  our  Common  Shares.  BNDES  has  granted  us  loans  to  finance  the  construction  of  generation  and transmission facilities and both BNDES and BNDESPAR have purchased debentures issued by Cutia, Nova Asa Branca I, Nova Asa Branca II, Nova Asa Branca III, Nova Eurus IV and Ventos de Santo Uriel Wind Farms, which are our subsidiaries.

As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of R$2,314.4 million in outstanding net debt with BNDES and BNDESPAR under these financing transactions. For additional information, please see Notes 20, 21 and 35 to our audited consolidated financial statements, as well as Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects-Liquidity and Capital Resources.

## State of Paraná

As of  December 31, 2022, we had R$18.4 million in receivables from the State  of  Paraná.  The  amount  refers  mainly  to  the Energia Solidária and Tarifa  Rural  Noturna programs.

The Energia Solidária program, established by State Law No. 20,943/2021, defines certain benefits relating to electricity consumption by residential consumer units of lowincome families residing in the State of Paraná. The Tarifa Rural Noturna Program, regulated by Decree No. 1,288/2019, provides for the payment to Copel Distribuição, by the State Government, of the amount corresponding to 60% of the active electricity tariff and of the charges resulting from services, including the additional tariff flag, provided in the night period to beneficiary consumers.

## Transactions with Joint Ventures and Affiliates

We have operation and maintenance services agreements, transmission system connection agreements and contracts for the use of transmission system with our Joint Ventures and,  also,  operation  and  maintenance  services  agreements,  connection  to  the  transmission  system  contracts  and  power  purchase  and  sale  agreements  signed  with  our  Affiliates,  as described on Note 35 to our audited consolidated financial statements. We also have dividend amounts receivable from these investees, as presented in the same note.

## Renewal of Compagas' concession contract

On December 27, 2022, Compagas entered into an amendment of its concession agreement for public services of canalized gas supply, with distribution exclusivity, in the State of Paraná and other related activities. The renewal of the concession occurred upon payment of an award bonus, in favor of the State of Paraná, in the amount of R$ 508 million, in consideration for the extension of the concession for an additional 30-year period. The total estimated capex of the project is R$ 2.5 billion to be realized over 30 years.

## Transactions with Other related parties

## Fundação Copel

Fundação Copel is a closed pension fund sponsored by us, Compagas and other entities that runs and operates benefit plans, welfare and social assistance. In 2022, we made payments to Fundação Copel consisting of rental and for expenditure on pension and welfare plans. For more information, see Notes 22 and 35 to our audited consolidated financial statements.

## Transactions with Key management staff

The fees and social security charges and the pension and healthcare plans expenses with the Management are presents at Notes 31.2 and 22.3 to our audited consolidated financial statements. There are no additional obligations beyond the short-term benefits disclosed in these notes.

## Item 8. Financial Information

See section Financials Information.

## A. Consolidated Financial Information

See 'Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects-Overview' and 'Item 18. Financial Statements.'

## LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are currently subject to numerous proceedings relating to civil, administrative, labor and tax claims. Our audited consolidated financial statements only include provisions when we have a present obligation (legal or constructive) resulting from a past event; it is probable (i.e., more likely than not) that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount necessary to settle the obligation. As of December 31, 2022, our provisions for such risks were R$2,037.6 million (does not include the provision of R$1,851.3 million referred to below in the item "Tax and Social Contribution Claims"). However, it is possible that some amounts actually paid are different from the estimates made in recognizing these provisions because of determinations of final judgments and/or liquidations of the award.

As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that the total amount of claims against us, excluding disputes involving non-monetary claims or claims whose potential losses cannot be reasonably estimated due to the current early stages of proceedings, for which no provisions have been made, was R$3,708.8 million, of which R$372.1 million correspond to labor claims; R$12.7 million to employee benefits; R$1,496.6 million to regulatory claims; R$1,337.6 million to civil claims; and R$489.8 million to tax claims. For more information, see Note 28 to our audited consolidated financial statements.

## Tax and Social Contribution Claims

During the second half of 2010, two lawsuits were decided before the Federal Regional Court ( Tribunal Regional Federal ) in favor of the Brazilian government, reversing the prior judgment that recognized our immunity regarding the payment of COFINS tax. As a result, the Federal Internal Revenue Service ( Receita Federal ) issued an infraction notice demanding the payment of COFINS tax from the period between August 1995 and December 1996. As of December 31, 2022, we had provisioned R$123.6 million to cover expected losses related to these lawsuits.

In June 2022, the Federal Government enacted Federal Law 14,385/2022, which impacted our subsidiary Copel DIS, with a negative effect in our net income in 2022 in the amount of R$1,202.5 million and no immediate cash effect. This law defines the destination of mandatory tax amounts that were collected in excess by the providers of the public electric energy distribution service in the country, due to the collection of PIS/COFINS on ICMS, recognized by the courts as undue. Based on a final and unappealable decision in a lawsuit filed in 2009, Copel DIS was granted the right to exclude the full amount of ICMS from the PIS/COFINS tax base. The immediate effect was an average reduction of 3.8% in energy bills, as of July 2020. Since then, Copel DIS has already passed on to consumers, through reductions in tariff adjustments approved by ANEEL,  R$2,295.1 million. The provision of  R$1,851.3 million refers for the period comprising the 11 and the 16 year from the date of the final and unappealable decision of the lawsuit, based on the risk assessment carried out by our management and supported by the opinions of legal advisors. Copel DIS is evaluating the appropriate measures to be taken, including legal measures, considering the protection given to unappealable decisions and applicable limitation periods.

Additionally, we are party to administrative and judicial proceedings pursuant to which we are challenging claims of the Brazilian Social Security authorities to pay additional security contributions. In these proceedings, we estimate the amount of our expected loss to be R$30.9 million.

## Labor-related Claims

We are the defendant in several lawsuits filed by either current or past employees of ours, related to overtime claims, dangerous work conditions, relocation, and other matters. As of December 31, 2022, we have provisions totaling R$536.4 million reflecting the expected losses related to these lawsuits.

## Regulatory

We are disputing certain regulatory and legal proceedings in connection with ANEEL's allegations that we violated regulatory standards. As of December 31, 2022, we have provisions totaling R$8.5 million reflecting the expected losses related to these proceedings.

## Additional Claims

We are party to several lawsuits brought by landowners whose land has been affected by our transmission and distributions lines. As of December 31, 2022, we have provisions totaling R$293.8 million reflecting the expected losses related to these lawsuits.

We are party to  several  lawsuits  related,  mainly  to  accidents  involving  equipment  used  in  our  electricity  transmission  and  distribution  grids  and  actions  involving  billing, supposed irregular procedures, administrative contracts, and vehicle accidents. As of December 31, 2022, we have provisions totaling R$338.0 million reflecting the expected losses related to these lawsuits.

We are also party to an arbitration protected by secrecy and confidentiality, in the early stage of award settlement. As of December 31, 2022, we have R$629.1 million registered reflecting the expected losses related to this litigation. Regarding to this arbitration, we also have R$ 338.8 million for which no provisions have been made, that refers to the estimate of possible loss of a total, monetarily restated, of R$ 2.966,8 of the plaintiffs claim.

## DIVIDEND PAYMENT

In accordance with our bylaws and Brazilian Corporate Law, we must, except if decided otherwise, pay annual dividends for each fiscal year within sixty days of the declaration of the dividends at the annual shareholders' meeting or by the Board of Directors. To the extent amounts are available for distribution, we are required to distribute as a mandatory dividend an aggregate amount equal to at least 25.0% of our adjusted net profit. Dividends are allocated pursuant to the formula described in 'Dividend Priority of Class A Shares and Class B Shares' below. Under Brazilian Corporate Law, we are not permitted to suspend the mandatory dividend payable with respect to the Common Shares, Class A Shares and Class B Shares for any year, except for retaining part of the mandatory dividend in a special reserve for unrealized profits when the realized part of the net profit is smaller than the mandatory dividend. Brazilian Corporate Law permits, however, a company to suspend the payment of all dividends if our management, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, reports at the shareholders' meeting that the distribution would be detrimental to the Company given its financial circumstances. In such a case, companies with publicly traded securities must submit a report to the CVM providing the reasons for the suspension of dividend payments. Notwithstanding the above, Brazilian Corporate Law and our bylaws provide that Class A Shares and Class B Shares shall acquire voting rights if we suspend the mandatory dividend payments for more than three consecutive fiscal years, and such voting rights will continue until all dividend payments, including back payments, have been made. We are not subject to any contractual limitations on our ability to pay dividends.

In accordance with our dividends policy, we may distribute yearly regular dividends higher than the mandatory minimum of 25% following certain guidelines related to our Financial Leverage Ratio, defined as the ratio between Ebitda and net debt:

- If our Financial Leverage Ratio is below 1.5x, we shall distribute 65% of our adjusted net profits.
- If our Financial Leverage Ratio is in between 1.5x and 2.7x, we shall distribute 50% of our adjusted net profits.
- If our Financial Leverage Ratio is higher than 2.7x, we shall distribute the mandatory minimum of 25% of our adjusted net profits.

Any distribution of dividends higher than the minimum amount of 25% of our adjusted net profits is constrained to the Available Cash Flow of the same year, defined as the operating cash flow minus net cash flow used for investment.

## Calculation of Adjusted Net Profit

Annual dividends are payable from our adjusted net profit for such period. Brazilian Corporate Law defines 'net profit' for any fiscal year as the profits of a fiscal year after the deduction of income and social contribution taxes for that fiscal year and after the deduction of any amounts allocated to employees' and management's participation in our results in such fiscal year. The 'net profit' for a relevant fiscal year is subject to adjustment by the addition or subtraction of amounts allocated to legal and other reserves, the result of which is known as our adjusted net profit.

In accordance with Brazilian Corporate Law, we must maintain a legal reserve, to which we must allocate 5% of our net profits for each fiscal year until such reserve reaches an amount equal to 20.0% of our capital stock (calculated in accordance with Brazilian Corporate Law). However, we are not required to make any allocations to our legal reserve in a fiscal year in which the legal reserve, when added to our other established capital reserves, exceeds 30.0% of our total capital stock. The amounts to be allocated to such reserve must be approved by our shareholders in a shareholders' meeting and may be used only for the increase of our capital stock or compensation of losses.

On December 31, 2022, our legal reserve was R$1,512.7 million, or 14.0% of our capital stock at that date.

In addition to deducting amounts for the legal reserve, under Brazilian Corporate Law net profit may also be adjusted by deducting amounts allocated to:

- the contingency reserve: under Brazilian Corporate Law, our shareholders' meeting, upon a justified proposal of our management, may decide to allocate a percentage of our net profits to a contingency reserve for anticipated losses that are deemed probable in future years, which amount may be estimated;

- the tax incentives reserve: under Brazilian Corporate Law, our shareholders' meeting, upon a justified proposal of our management, may decide to allocate a percentage of our net profits resulting from government donations or subsidies for investment purposes.

On the other hand, net profits may also be increased by:

- the reversal of any amounts previously allocated to a contingency reserve in the fiscal year in which the loss that had been anticipated does not occur as projected or in which the anticipated loss occurs but is lower than the contingency allocated to it; and
- any amounts included in the unrealized profits reserve that have been realized in the relevant fiscal year and have not been used to offset losses, as approved by our shareholders' meeting.

Moreover, our net profits are also adjusted by adding the realization of amounts registered under 'Equity Value Adjustments.' The account 'Equity Value Adjustments' was created as a result of the first-time adoption of IFRS by us in 2010, which caused a fair value revaluation of certain fixed assets and the adoption of the fair value as its 'deemed cost' at that date. The increase of the deemed cost of fixed assets led to an increase in depreciation costs. Thus, our management has decided to add to the adjusted net profits the realization of the 'Equity Value Adjustments' in order to compensate for effects of the increased depreciation costs. In 2022, our adjusted net profits used to calculate our dividends was increased by R$36.5 million as a result of said realization.

The amounts available for distribution are determined on the basis of the Statutory Financial Statements prepared using the method required by Brazilian Corporate Law, which differ from our audited consolidated financial statements included herein.

## Dividend Priority of Class A Shares and Class B Shares

According to our bylaws, Class A Shares and Class B Shares are entitled to receive annual, non-cumulative minimum dividends, which dividend per share shall be at least 10% higher than the dividends per share paid to the holders of the Common Shares. Class A Shares have a dividend priority over the Class B Shares, and Class B Shares have a dividend priority over the Common Shares. To the extent that dividends are paid, they are to be paid in the following order:

- first, the holders of Class A Shares have the right to receive a minimum dividend equal to 10% of the total share capital represented by the Class A Shares outstanding at the end of the fiscal year in respect of which the dividends have been declared;
- second, to the extent there are additional amounts to be distributed after all amounts allocated to the Class A Shares have been paid in accordance with the first bullet point above, the holders of Class B Shares have the right to receive a minimum dividend per share equal to (i) 25% of the adjusted net profit (ii) the total number of Class B Shares outstanding at the end of the fiscal year in respect of which the dividends have been declared; and
- third, to the extent that there are additional amounts to be distributed after all amounts allocated to the Class A Shares and the Class B Shares have been paid, the holders of Common Shares have the right to receive an amount per share equal to (i) the mandatory dividend divided by (ii) the total number of Common Shares outstanding at the end of the fiscal year in respect of which dividends have been declared, provided that the Class A Shares and Class B Shares receive dividends per share at least 10% higher than the dividends per share paid to the Common Shares.

To the extent that there are additional amounts to be distributed after all amounts described in the preceding items have been paid and in the form therein described, any such additional amount will be divided equally among all our shareholders. Holders of Units are paid dividends equal to those of their underlying shares.

## Payment of Dividends

We are required to hold an annual shareholders' meeting by April 30 of each year at which, among other things, an annual dividend may be declared by decision of the shareholders on the recommendation of the management, as approved by the Board of Directors. The payment of annual dividends is based on the financial statements prepared for the fiscal year ending December 31. Under Brazilian Corporate Law, we must pay dividends to shareholders of record within 60 days of the date of the shareholders meeting that declared the dividends. A shareholders' resolution may set forth another date of payment, which must occur prior to the end of the fiscal year in which such dividend was declared. We are not required to adjust the amount of paid-in capital for inflation for the period from the end of the last fiscal year to the date of declaration or to adjust the amount of the dividend for inflation for the period from the end of the relevant fiscal year to the payment date. Consequently, the amount of dividends paid to holders of Units may be substantially reduced due to inflation.

Pursuant to our bylaws, our management may declare interim dividends to be paid from profits in our semi-annual financial statements, in accordance with our dividend policy. Any payment of interim dividends counts towards the mandatory dividend for the year in which the interim dividends were paid. In accordance with our dividends policy, Board of Directors should approve at least once a year interim dividends.

Pursuant to Brazilian Corporate Law, we may pay interest on equity in lieu of dividends as an alternative form of making distributions to shareholders. We may treat a payment of interest on equity as a deductible expense for tax purposes, provided that it does not exceed the lesser of:

- the total amount resulting from (i) Long-Term Interest Rate ( Taxa de Juros a Longo Prazo ,  or  'TJLP') multiplied by (ii) the total shareholders' equity (determined in accordance with Brazilian tax legislation), less certain deductions prescribed by Brazilian tax legislation; and
- the greater of (i) 50.0% of current net income (after the deduction of social contribution on profits (CSLL -Contribuição Social sobre o Lucro Líquido ) and before taking such distributions and any deductions for corporate income tax) for the year in respect of which the payment is made or (ii) 50.0% of retained earnings and profit reserves for the year prior to the year in respect of which the payment is made.

In order to be eligible to receive amounts remitted in foreign currency outside of Brazil, shareholders who are not residents of Brazil and directly owns our shares must register with the Brazilian Central Bank in order to receive dividends, sales proceeds or other amounts with respect to their shares. The Units underlying the ADSs are held in Brazil by the Custodian, as agent for the Depositary, which is the registered owner of our shares.

Payments of cash dividends and distributions, if any, will be made in Brazilian currency to the Custodian on behalf of the Depositary, which will then convert such proceeds into U.S. dollars and will cause such U.S. dollars to be delivered to the Depositary for distribution to holders of ADSs. In the event that the Custodian is unable to immediately convert the Brazilian currency received as dividends into U.S. dollars, the amount of U.S. dollars payable to holders of ADSs may be adversely affected by devaluations of the Brazilian currency that occur before such dividends are converted and remitted. In the event the holder of an ADS fails to collect its dividends from the Custodian within three (3) years, counted as of the date when such dividend was made available, Brazilian Corporate Law states that such dividends may be returned to us. In this case, the ADS holder shall lose its right to receive the dividends.

The table below, sets forth the cash distributions we paid/will pay as dividends and as interest on equity for the periods indicated.

| Year  Payment date  Distribution (R$thousands)  Payment per share (R$)  Common  Preferred A  Preferred B  UNIT  2014  Jun 2015  622,523  0.21723600  0.25250700  0.23900000  -  2015  Jun 2016  326,795  0.11371600  0.25250700  0.12547300  -  2016  Jun 2017  282,947  0.09853900  0.28905000  0.10841000  -  2016  Dec 2017  223,266  0.07792700  -  0.08593200  -  2017  Aug 2018  266,000  0.09262400  0.28905000  0.10188700  -  2017  Aug 2018  23,401  0.00817700  -  0.00899600  -  2018  Jun 2019  280,000  0.09751500  0.28905000  0.10727000  -  2018  Jun 2019  98,542  0.03443500  -  0.03788100  -  2019  Jun 2020  321,500  0.11211739  0.19732848  0.12334596  -  2019  Sep 2020  321,500  0.11211739  0.19732848  0.12334596  -  2020  Sep 2020  781  -  0.23912059  -  -  2020  Aug 2021  807,500  0.28183240  0.31001564  0.31001564  -  2020  Aug 2021  210,276  0.07231977  0.14384143  0.07955175  0.39052677  profit reserves  Apr 2021  1,250,000  0.43627306  0.47990038  0.47990038  -  profit reserves  Aug 2021  123,257  0.04301883  0.04732072  0.04732072  -  profit reserves  Aug 2021  134,192  0.04683557  0.05151910  0.05151910  -  2021  Nov 2021  239,636  0.08249641  0.09074606  0.09074606  0.44548065  2021  Nov 2021  1,197,002  0.41207756  0.45328533  0.45328533  2.22521888  profit reserves  Jun 2022  283,173  0.09748467  0.10723314  0.10723314  0.52641723  2021  Jun 2022  1,368,675  0.47117031  0.51829476  0.51829476  2.54435609  2022  Nov 2022  600,000  0.20655465  0.22721013  0.22721013  1.11539517  2022  until 6/30/2023*  370,000  0.12737536  0.14011292  0.68782704  0.68782704   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below sets forth the cash distributions we paid/will pay as dividends and as interest on equity, translated into US$ based on the exchange rate at year-end, for the periods indicated.

| Year  Payment date  Distribution (US$ thousands)  Payment per shares (US$)  Common  Preferred A  Preferred B  UNIT  2014  Jun 2015  234,366  0.08178450  0.09506325  0.08997816  -  2015  Jun 2016  83,691  0.02912211  0.06466580  0.03213302  -  2016  Jun 2017  86,818  0.03023503  0.08869013  0.03326378  -  2016  Dec 2017  68,505  0.02391059  -  0.02636679  -  2017  Aug 2018  81,618  0.02800000  0.08737908  0.03080018  -  2017  Aug 2018  7,074  0.00247189  -  0.00271947  -  2018  Jun 2019  72,262  0.02516646  0.07459740  0.02768401  -  2018  Jun 2019  25,431  0.00888691  -  0.00977625  -  2019  Jun 2020  79,763  0.02781586  0.04895638  0.03060162  -  2019  Sep 2020  79,763  0.02781586  0.04895638  0.03060162  -  2020  Sep 2020  150  -  0.04601393  -  -  2020  Aug 2021  155,387  0.05423296  0.05965625  0.05965625  -  2020  Aug 2021  40,463  0.01391648  0.02767938  0.01530813  0.07514899  profit reserves (*)  Apr 2021  219,402  0.07657541  0.08423295  0.08423295  -  profit reserves (*)  Aug 2021  21,634  0.00755074  0.00830582  0.00830582  -  profit reserves (*)  Aug 2021  23,554  0.00822066  0.00904272  0.00904272  -  2021 (**)  Nov 2021  220,061  0.01516645  0.01668310  0.01668310  0.08189886  2021 (**)  Nov 2021  44,056  0.07575791  0.08333370  0.08333370  0.40909271  profit reserves(***)  Jun 2022  50,743  0.01746881  0.01921569  0.01921569  0.09433155  2021(***)  Jun 2022  245,260  0.08443156  0.09287604  0.09287604  0.45593694  2022 (****)  Nov 2022  113,334  0.03901601  0.04291761  0.04291761  0.21068645  2022 (*****)  until 6/30/2023  70,912  0.02441217  0.02685339  0.02685339  0.13182572   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Item 9. The Offer and Listing

The principal trading market for our shares (including our Class B Shares, Common Shares and Units) is the B3 (Brasil, Bolsa, and Balcão) market. Our Common Shares trade on B3 under the symbol 'CPLE3' our Class B Shares trade under the symbol 'CPLE6' and our Units shares, each representing four Class B shares plus one Common share, trade under the symbol 'CPLE11.' On March 31, 2023, approximately 290,122 shareholders owned our CPLE6 shares, 90,665 owned CPLE3 shares and 14,892 owned Units in B3.

In the United States, our Units are in the form of ADSs, issued by the Depositary pursuant to the Deposit Agreement by and between us, the Depositary and the registered holders and beneficial owners from time to time of the ADSs. The ADSs trade on the NYSE under the symbol 'ELP'.

On June 19, 2002, our shares were listed on Latibex, an Euro-based market for Latin American securities. In 2021, Latibex also started trading the Units, under the symbol 'XCOPU.' The shares trade under the symbols 'XCOP,' XCOPO and XCOPU.

## Item 10. Additional Information

## Organization

We are a publicly traded company duly registered with the CVM under No. 1431-1. According to Article Four of our bylaws, we are authorized to pursue, directly or through consortia or in partnership with private companies, the following objectives and purposes:

- researching and studying, technically and economically, all energy sources, providing solutions for a sustainable development;
- researching, studying, planning, constructing and developing the production, transformation, transportation, storage, distribution and trade of energy in any of its forms, chiefly electric power, as well as fuels and energy raw materials;
- studying, planning, designing, constructing and operating dams and their reservoirs, as well as other undertakings for multiple uses of water resources;
- providing services in energy trading, energy infrastructure, information and technical assistance concerning the rational use of energy to business undertakings with the aim of implementing and developing economic activities deemed relevant for the development of the State of Paraná, upon approval by the Board of Directors; and
- developing  activities  in  the  areas  of  energy  generation,  electronic  data  transmission,  electronic  communications  and  control,  cellular  telephone  systems,  and  other endeavors that may be deemed relevant to us and the State of Paraná, being authorized, for such aims, upon approval by the Board of Directors, and for the aims set forth in the second and third bullet points above, to join, preferably holding major stakes or controlling interest, consortia or concerns with private companies, pension funds or other private entities, to participate in bidding processes of new concessions and/or already established special purpose companies to exploit already existing concessions, having taken into consideration, besides the projects' general features, their respective social and environmental impacts.

Except  as  described  in  this  section,  our  bylaws  do  not  contain  provisions  addressing  the  duties,  authority,  or  liabilities  of  directors  and  management,  which  are  instead established by Brazilian Corporate Law.

## Qualification of Board of Directors

The appointed directors must comply with the legal requirements set forth in Federal Law No. 13,303/2016, particularly the ones mentioned in its article 17, and Federal Law No. 6,404/1976. Moreover, pursuant to Federal Law No. 13,303/2016 and to our bylaws, our Board of Directors will mandatorily comprise, at least, (i) three independent members or no less  than  25%  of  the  members  of  our  Board  of  Directors,  (ii)  three  to  five  members  that  meet  the  requirements  for  members  of  the  Statutory  Audit  Committee,  (iii)  two  members appointed by minority shareholders which held voting shares, if they do not elect a higher number through multiple vote, (iv) one member appointed by shareholders holding preferred shares, representing, at least, 10% of our total capital stock, and (v) one member appointed by the employees.

## Limitations on Directors' Powers

Under Brazilian Corporate Law and our Related Parties Transactions and Conflict Of Interest Policy, if a director or an executive officer has a conflict of interest with us in connection with any proposed transaction, the director or executive officer may not vote in any decision of the board of directors or of the board of executive officers related to that transaction, and must disclose the nature and extent of the conflict of interest for transcription in the minutes of the meeting. A director or an executive officer may not transact any business with a company, including accepting any loans, except on reasonable and fair terms for us and conditions that are identical to the terms and conditions prevailing in the market or offered by third parties. According to our bylaws, shareholders set the aggregate compensation payable to directors, executive officers, and members of the Supervisory Board. For more information, see 'Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees.' Our bylaws do not establish any mandatory retirement age limits.

## MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

## Board of Directors and Board of Executive Officers

According to our bylaws, we are managed by a Board of Directors, composed of nine members and a Board of Executive Officers, composed of six to seven members.

Our Board of Directors ordinarily meets monthly and is responsible, among other things, for: (i) establishing our corporate strategy; (ii) defining the general orientation of our business; (iii) defining the responsibilities of members of our Board of Executive Officers; and (iv) electing the members of our Board of Executive Officers.

Our Board of Executive Officers meets every two weeks and is responsible for our daily management. Each Executive Officer also has individual responsibilities established by our bylaws.

The members of our Board of Directors, of our Board of Executive Officers, our Supervisory Board and of our statutory committees shall be liable for any loss or damages resulting  from  the  performance  of  their  duties,  in  compliance  with  the  applicable  law.  Notwithstanding,  we  shall  ensure,  provided  no  conflict  with  our  own  interests  arises,  legal assistance for members or former members of statutory bodies in judicial and administrative proceedings brought by third parties, during or after their term of office, for the performance of the duties of their office, in accordance to the terms and provisions of our bylaws.

For further information, see Items 6 - 'Directors, Senior Management and Employees - Board of Directors' and 'Directors, Senior Management and Employees - Board of Executive Officers.'

## Shareholders' Meetings

The convening of our shareholders' meeting is made through publication of a notice to shareholders in a newspaper. As provided by Brazilian Corporate Law, publications have to be made in a newspaper with wide circulation in the same city as our corporate headquarters. The notice must be published no fewer than three times, beginning at least 30 calendar days prior to the scheduled meeting date. We make local notices in the Valor Econômico .

In order for a shareholders' meeting to be held on first call, shareholders representing at least one-quarter of the voting capital have to be present, except as otherwise provided for under Brazilian law. If no such quorum is verified, a second meeting may be called by notice given at least 8 calendar days prior to such meeting and in accordance with the same rules of publication previously described. The quorum requirements will not apply to a second meeting, subject to the minimum quorum and voting requirements for certain matters, as discussed as follows. A shareholder without a right to vote may attend a general shareholders' meeting and take part in the discussion of matters submitted for consideration.

A shareholder may be represented at a general shareholders' meeting by a proxy appointed in accordance with applicable Brazilian law not more than one year before the meeting, who must be a shareholder, a company officer, a lawyer or a financial institution.

## Right of Withdrawal

Our  common shares  and  preferred  shares  are  not  redeemable,  with  the  exception  that  a  dissenting  shareholder  has,  under  certain  circumstances  provided  for  in  Brazilian Corporate Law, the right to withdraw its equity interest from a company and to receive a payment equal to the book or economic value of their shares, whichever is lower.

This right of withdrawal arises if any of the following matters are decided upon at a shareholders' meeting:

- creation of a new class of preferred shares or a disproportionate increase in an existing class of preferred shares relative to other classes of shares, unless such action is provided for in or authorized by our bylaws, which, as of the this date, is not the case;

- modification to the preference, privilege or conditions for redemption or amortization granted to one or more classes of preferred shares, or the creation of a new class of preferred shares with greater privileges than the existing classes of preferred shares;
- reduction of the mandatory dividend;
- consolidation or merger into another company;
- participation in a group of companies (grupo de sociedades), as defined by Brazilian Corporate Law;
- the transfer of all shares to another company or receipt of shares by another company, in such a way as to make the company whose shares were transferred a whollyowned subsidiary of the other;
- changes to our corporate purpose; or
- a spin-off that results in (a) a change to our corporate purpose (unless the spin-off company's assets and liabilities are transferred to a company that has substantially the same corporate purpose); (b) a reduction in any mandatory dividend (although in our case, our preferred shares do not carry mandatory dividends); or (c) any participation in a group of companies.

The right of withdrawal also arises if a spin-off or merger occurs but the new company fails to register as a public stock corporation (and, if applicable, fails to list its shares on the stock exchange) within 120 days of the date of the shareholders' meeting that approved the spin-off or merger.

## Preferred Shares Rights

Pursuant to Brazilian Corporate Law, each preferred share of a class that is admitted to trading on a Brazilian stock exchange must have the certain rights under the Company's bylaws.

Our bylaws comply with the directives provided by Brazilian Corporate Law as follows: (i) our Class A Shares shall have priority in the distribution of minimum dividends of 10% per year, pro rata , calculated as a percentage of the paid-in capital stock represented by such shares on December 31of the previous fiscal year; (ii) our Class B Shares shall have priority in the distribution of minimum dividends, pro rata ,  in  the  amount  equivalent  to  25.0%  of  our  net  profits,  as  adjusted  in  accordance  with  Article202  of  Law  No.  6,404/76, calculated as a proportion of the paid-in capital stock represented by such shares on December 31 of the previous fiscal year; (iii) the dividends paid on Class B Shares pursuant to item (ii) above shall be paid only from any remaining profits after the payment of priority dividends to Class A Shares; and (iv) the dividends to be paid per preferred share, regardless of the class, shall be at least 10% higher than the dividends to be paid per Common Share; (v) the preferred shares will acquire voting rights if, during three consecutive fiscal years, we fail to pay a fixed or minimum dividend to which the preferred shares are entitled; and (vi) each Unit receives dividends for its underlying 1 Common Share and 4 Class B Shares. For more information on our dividend policy, see 'Item 8. Financial Information - Dividend Payment.'

## Voting Rights

As a general rule, only our Common Shares are entitled to vote and each Common Share corresponds to one vote. Holders of preferred shares acquire voting rights if, during three consecutive fiscal years, we fail to pay a fixed or minimum dividend to which the preferred shares are entitled. If a holder of preferred shares acquires voting rights in this manner, such rights will be identical to the voting rights of a holder of Common Shares and will continue until the dividend is paid.

Furthermore, in accordance with our bylaws holders of preferred shares are entitled to voting rights in regards of specific matter discussed in a shareholders' meeting:

- Change in our corporate type into another, as well as incorporation, merger or spin-off.
- Agreements between us and our controlling shareholder, directly or through a third party, or an entity influenced by the controlling shareholder, when such agreements shall be discussed in a shareholders' meeting by force of statute or our bylaws.
- Appraisal of assets for paying in our capital increase.
- Choice of an entity to be hired for the assessment of our economic value.
- Change or revocation of articles in our bylaws that alter or modify any of the requirements set forth in item 4.1. of the regulation of the Level 2 of B3, while the Level 2 participation contract is still in effect.
- Appointment and removal of a member of the Board of Directors in a separate election, when requested by shareholders which have preferred shares equal to at least 10% of our total shares.
- Exclusion or change in our bylaws aimed to suppress the right set forth in article 28, XXIX of our bylaws, which provides for the adoption of the full tariff set by a granting authority, requires the approval of most of the preferred shares.

Holders of Units may exercise their voting rights in accordance with its underlying shares.

## Preemptive Rights

Our shareholders have a general preemptive right to subscribe for shares in any capital increase, in proportion to his or her ownership, as provided for in the Brazilian Corporate Law. A minimum period of 30 days following the publication of notice of a capital increase is assured for the exercise of the right, and the right is transferable. We may issue shares up to the limit of the authorized capital, excluding right of first refusal to the shareholders, as provided for in the Brazilian Corporate Law and in our bylaws.

## Liquidation

In the event of our liquidation, after all creditors have been paid, all shareholders will participate equally and ratably in any remaining residual assets.

## Liability of the Shareholders for Further Capital Calls

Neither Brazilian Corporate Law nor our bylaws provide for capital calls after shares are paid in. The shareholders' liability is limited to the payment of the issue price of the shares subscribed or acquired.

## Conversion Rights

Our bylaws provide, as a general rule, that the only permitted conversion of shares is Class A Shares are convertible into Class B Shares. As an exception, Class B Shares can be converted into Common Shares, and vice-versa, strictly for the formation of Units made of four Class B Shares and one Common Share under our unitization programs set by the Board of Directors. Our shares are not otherwise convertible.

## Form and Transfer

Our shares are maintained in book-entry form with a transfer agent ('Transfer Agent'). To make a transfer of shares, the Transfer Agent makes an entry in the register, debits the share account of the transferor and credits the share account of the transferee.

Transfers of shares by foreign investors are made in the manner described above and are executed by the investor's local agent on the investor's behalf. However, if the original investment was registered with the Brazilian Central Bank pursuant to a foreign investment mechanism regulated by Resolution No. 4,373 of September 29, 2014 of the Brazilian Central Bank ('Resolution No. 4,373') as described under 'Exchange Controls' as follows, the foreign investor must declare the transfer in its electronic registration.

A shareholder may choose, in its individual discretion, to hold its shares through B3. Shares and Units are added to the B3 system through Brazilian institutions that have clearing accounts with the B3. Our shareholder registry indicates which shares and Units are listed on the B3 system. Each participating shareholder is in turn registered in a register of beneficial shareholders maintained by the B3 and is treated in the same manner as the other registered shareholders.

## Changes in Rights of Shareholders

A General Meeting of Shareholders must be held whenever we intend to change the rights of holders of our common shares or preferred shares. Under Brazilian Corporate Law the proposed changes must be approved by a majority of the class of shareholders that would be affected. Certain changes related to the rights of preferred shares, such as changes in preferences, advantages or conditions of redemption or amortization, may result in the exercise of rights to withdraw by the holders of the shares affected.

## Regulation of and Restrictions on Foreign Investors

Foreign investors face no legal restrictions barring them from holding Common Shares, Class A Shares, Class B Shares, Units or ADSs.

The ability to convert into foreign currency dividend payments and proceeds from the sale of Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units or from the exercise of preemptive rights,  and  to  remit  such  amounts  outside  Brazil  is  subject  to  restrictions  under  foreign  investment  legislation  which  generally  requires,  among  other  things,  the  registration  of  the relevant investment with the Brazilian Central Bank. Any foreign investor who registers with the CVM in accordance with Resolution No. 4,373 may buy and sell securities on Brazilian stock exchanges without obtaining a separate certificate of registration for each transaction.

Annex II to Resolution No. 4,373 ('Annex II Regulations') allows Brazilian companies to issue depositary receipts in foreign exchange markets. Our ADS program is duly registered with the Brazilian Central Bank and the CVM.

Our bylaws do not impose any limitation on the rights of Brazilian residents or non-residents to hold our shares and exercise the rights in connection therewith.

## Disclosure of Shareholder Ownership

Under Brazilian regulations any person or group of persons representing the same interest that carries out a relevant trading involving shares or securities issued by a publicly traded company must disclose its share ownership to the investor relations officer of such company, which, in turn, must disclose such information to the CVM and to any relevant stock exchange. A relevant trading is defined as a transaction by which the direct or indirect equity stake of the persons referred above reaches an equity interest corresponding to 5% or its multiples (10%, 15%, and so on), of a type or class of shares representing the company's capital stock. Any subsequent increase or decrease of 5% or its multiples in ownership of any class of shares must be similarly disclosed. The same reporting obligation applies to the acquisition of any rights over the shares and other securities mentioned in applicable regulation and to the execution of any derivative financial instruments referenced in shares. If such increase results in change of corporate control or administrative structure, or if the increase imposes a public offering, in addition to informing the investor relations officer, a statement containing certain required information must be published in newspapers that are widely circulated in Brazil.

## Change of Controlling Shareholder

Under the Brazilian constitution and our bylaws, a change of the controlling shareholder, the State of Paraná, is only permitted with legislative authorization. If such approval is granted to the State of Paraná, and the change in the control over us would happen by a private sale of shares held by the current controlling shareholder or sale of preemptive rights from such controlling shareholder, such transaction shall be subject to the buyer launch a tender offer for the shares held by the minority shareholders.

## Arbitration

As provided for in our bylaws, we, our shareholders, directors, officers and members of the supervisory board shall resolve through arbitration any dispute or conflict that may arise between them, regarding, among others, the application, validity, effectiveness, interpretation, violation and corresponding effects of the provisions of our bylaws, of the current applicable law, of the rules applicable to the capital markets in general, as well as those of the regulation of the level 2 of corporate governance of B3 S.A. - Brasil, Bolsa e Balcão ('Level 2'), of the Level 2 participation contract, and of the Sanctions and the Arbitration Regulations of the B3 Market Arbitration Chamber.

## MATERIAL CONTRACTS

For information concerning our material contracts, see 'Item 4. Information on the Company' and 'Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects.'

## EXCHANGE CONTROLS

The ownership of Class A Shares, Class B Shares, Common Shares or Units of the Company by individuals or legal entities domiciled outside Brazil is subject to certain conditions established under Brazilian law, as described below.

The right to convert dividend payments and proceeds from the sale of shares into foreign currency and to remit such amounts outside Brazil is subject to restrictions under Brazilian  foreign  investment  legislation,  which  generally  requires,  among  other  things,  that  the  relevant  investments  have  been  registered  with  the  Brazilian  Central  Bank.  Such restrictions on the remittance of foreign capital abroad may hinder or prevent Itaú Unibanco S.A., as custodian for the Units represented by ADSs ('Custodian'), or holders who have exchanged ADSs for Units from converting dividends, distributions or the proceeds from any sale of such Units, as the case may be, into U.S. dollars and remitting such U.S. dollars abroad. Holders of ADSs could be adversely affected by delays in, or refusal to grant any, required government approval for conversions of Brazilian currency payments and remittances abroad of the Units underlying the ADSs.

Under Resolution No. 4,373, foreign investors may invest in almost all financial assets and engage in almost all transactions available in the Brazilian financial and capital markets, provided that certain requirements are fulfilled. The definition of foreign investor includes individuals, legal entities, mutual funds and other collective investment entities, domiciled or headquartered abroad.

To be eligible to invest in the Brazilian financial and capital markets, foreign investors must:

1. appoint at least one representative in Brazil with powers to perform actions relating to foreign investments;
2. register as a foreign investor with the CVM, pursuant to CVM Resolution No. 13/2020;
3. register the foreign investment with the Brazilian Central Bank; and
4. constitute at least one custodian institution authorized by CVM, provided that this provision is not applicable to foreign investors who are individuals.

Securities  and  other  financial  assets  held  by  foreign  investors  must  be  registered  or  maintained  in  deposit  accounts  or  under  the  custody  of  an  entity  duly  licensed  by  the Brazilian Central Bank or the CVM. In addition, securities trading is restricted to transactions carried out in the stock exchanges or organized over-the-counter markets licensed by the CVM.

The Annex II Regulations provide for the issuance of depositary receipts in foreign markets in respect of shares of Brazilian issuers. Prior to the issuance of the ADSs, the ADS program was approved by the Brazilian Central Bank and the CVM under the Annex V to CMN Resolution No. 2,689, which allowed Brazilian companies to issue depositary receipts in foreign exchange markets and was in force by the time the ADSs were issued. Depositary receipts are currently governed by Resolution No. 4,373. The proceeds from the sale of ADSs by  ADS  holders  outside  Brazil  are  free  of  Brazilian  foreign  investment  controls  and  should  not  be  subject  to  taxation  in  Brazil.  The  withdrawal  and  the  disposal  of  Units  upon cancellation of ADS will be subject to taxation in Brazil. For more information, see 'Item 10. Additional Information-Taxation-Brazilian Tax Considerations-Taxation of Gains Outside Brazil.'

An electronic registration has been issued in the name of the Depositary with respect to the ADSs and is maintained by the Custodian on behalf of the Depositary. Pursuant to this electronic registration, the Custodian and the Depositary are able to convert dividends and other distributions with respect to the Units represented by ADSs into foreign currency and remit the proceeds outside Brazil. In the event that a holder of ADSs exchanges such ADSs for Units, such holder must seek to obtain its own electronic registration with the Brazilian Central Bank.

Pursuant to Resolution No. 4,373, the withdrawal of Units upon cancellation of ADSs may require simultaneous exchange transactions in the event the investor decides not to dispose of those Units. The simultaneous exchange transactions may be required in order to obtain a certificate of registration of Units with the Brazilian Central Bank. This transaction will be subject to tax in Brazil. For more information, see 'Item 10. Additional Information-Taxation-Brazilian Tax Considerations-Other Brazilian Taxes.'

Thereafter, any holder of Units may not be able to convert into foreign currency and remit outside Brazil the proceeds from the disposition of, or distributions with respect to, such Units, unless such holder obtains his own electronic registration. A holder that obtains an electronic registration may be subject to less favorable Brazilian tax treatment than a holder of ADSs. For more information, see 'Item 10. Additional Information-Taxation-Brazilian Tax Considerations.'

## TAXATION

The following summary contains a description of the principal Brazilian and U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs, but it does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase Common Shares,  Preferred  Shares,  Units  or  ADSs.  The  summary  is  based  upon  the  tax  laws  of  Brazil  and  regulations  thereunder  and  on  the  tax  laws  of  the  United  States  and  regulations thereunder as in effect on the date hereof, which are subject to change. Prospective purchasers of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs.

Although there is at present no income tax treaty between Brazil and the United States, the tax authorities of the two countries have had discussions that may culminate in such a treaty. No assurance can be given, however, as to whether or when a treaty will enter into force or how it will affect the U.S. holders of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs. Prospective holders of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs in their particular circumstances.

## Brazilian Tax Considerations

The following discussion summarizes the principal Brazilian tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs by an individual,  entity,  trust  or  organization  resident  or  domiciled  outside  Brazil  for  purposes  of  Brazilian  taxation  ('Non-Brazilian  Holder').  It  is  based  on  Brazilian  law currently in effect, which is subject to differing interpretations and changes that may apply retroactively. This discussion does not address all the Brazilian tax considerations that may be applicable to any particular Non-Brazilian Holder, and each Non-Brazilian Holder should consult its own tax advisor about the Brazilian tax consequences of investing in Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs.

## Taxation of Dividends

Dividends paid by the Company in cash or in kind from profits of periods beginning on or after January 1, 1996 (i) to the Depositary in respect of Units underlying ADSs or (ii) to  a  Non-Brazilian  Holder  in  respect  of  Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units generally will not be subject to Brazilian withholding income tax. Dividends paid from profits generated before January 1, 1996 may be subject to Brazilian withholding income tax at varying rates depending upon the year in which the profits have been obtained.

There are discussions in the Brazilian Congress regarding a potential income tax reform aiming at revoking the this exemption and imposing income taxation on the payment of dividends. However, it is still unclear if and how such reform will eventually pass.

## Distributions of Interest on Equity

In accordance with Law No. 9,249, dated December 26, 1995, as amended, Brazilian corporations may make payments to shareholders characterized as distributions of interest on the equity of the company as an alternative form of making dividend distributions. The rate of interest may not be higher than TJLP, as determined by the Brazilian Central Bank from time to time. The total amount distributed as interest on equity may not exceed, for tax purposes, the greater of (i) 50.0% of net income (after the deduction of the social contribution on net profits and before taking into account the provision for corporate income tax and the amounts attributable to shareholders as net interest on equity) related to the period in respect of which the payment is made and (ii) 50.0% of the sum of retained profits and profit reserves as of the date of the beginning of the period in respect of which the payment is made.

Distributions  of  interest  on  equity  paid  to  Brazilian  and  Non-Brazilian  Holders  of  Units,  including  payments  to  the  Depositary  in  respect  of  Units  underlying  ADSs,  are deductible by the Company for Brazilian corporate income tax and social contribution on net profits purposes as far as the limits above described are observed. Such payments to shareholders are subject to Brazilian withholding income tax at the rate of 15.0%, except for payments to shareholders situated in tax haven jurisdictions (that is, a country or location that does not impose income tax or where the maximum income tax rate is lower than 20% or where the local legislation imposes restrictions on disclosing the shareholding composition or the ownership of the investment or the beneficial owner of the income derived from transactions carried out and attributable to a Non-Brazilian Holder - 'Tax Haven Holder'), which payments are subject to withholding income tax at a 25.0% rate. A regulation issued by the Brazilian tax authorities on November 28, 2014 (Ordinance 488, of 2014) decreased, from 20%  to  17%,  the  minimum  threshold  for  certain  specific  cases.  The  reduced  17%  threshold  applies  only  to  countries  and  regimes  aligned  with  international  standards  of  fiscal transparency in accordance with rules to be established by the Brazilian tax authorities in Normative Ruling 1,530 dated December 19, 2014. The list of tax haven jurisdictions is currently provided in Normative Ruling No. 1,037. These payments may be included, at their net value, as part of any mandatory dividend. To the extent that payment of interest on net equity is so included, the corporation is required to distribute to shareholders an additional amount to ensure that the net amount received by them, after payment of the applicable withholding income tax, plus the amount of declared dividends, is at least equal to the mandatory dividend.

## Taxation of Gains Outside Brazil

According to Law No. 10,833 of December 29, 2003 ('Law No. 10,833/03'), capital gains realized on the disposition of assets located in Brazil by a Non-Brazilian Holder, whether to another non-Brazilian resident or to Brazilian residents, are subject to taxation in Brazil. In this sense, if the Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units are disposed of by a Non-Brazilian Holder, as they are defined as assets located in Brazil, such holder will be subject to income tax on the gains assessed, following the rules described below, whether the disposition is conducted in Brazil or abroad and with a Brazilian resident or not.

A disposition of Units can occur abroad if an investor decides to cancel its investment in ADSs and register the underlying Units as a direct foreign investment under Law No. 4,131. Any capital gain arising from sales or other dispositions of Units outside Brazil would be subject to Brazilian income tax at the rates that range from 15% to 22.5% depending on the amount of the gain, as follows: (i) 15% on gains not exceeding R$5,000,000.00; (ii) 17.5% on gains that exceed R$5,000,000.00 and do not exceed R$10,000,000.00; (iii) 20% on gains that exceed R$10,000,000.00 and do not exceed R$30,000,000.00; and (iv) 22.5% on gains exceeding R$30,000,000.00 or, if the investor is a Tax Haven Holder, 25.0%, which should be withheld by the purchaser of the Units outside Brazil or its attorney-in-fact in Brazil.

Regarding ADSs, although the matter is not free from doubt, the gains realized by a Non-Brazilian Holder on the disposition of ADSs to another Non-Brazilian Holder should not be taxed in Brazil, based on the theory that ADSs do not constitute assets located in Brazil for purposes of Law No. 10,833/03. However, we cannot assure you that Brazilian courts would adopt this theory. Thus, the gain on a disposition of ADSs by a Non-Brazilian Holder to a resident in Brazil (or possibly even to a Non-Brazilian Holder in the event that courts determine that ADSs would constitute assets located in Brazil) may be subject to income tax in Brazil.

## Taxation of Gains in Brazil

For purposes of Brazilian taxation, the income tax rules on gains related to disposition of Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units vary depending on the domicile of the Non-Brazilian  Holder,  the  form  by  which  such  Non-Brazilian  Holder  has  registered  its  investment  before  the  Brazilian  Central  Bank  and/or  how  the  disposition  is  carried  out,  as described below.

Generally,  gains  are  defined  as  the  positive  difference  between  the  amount  realized  on  the  sale  or  exchange  of  a  security  and  its  acquisition  cost.  Gains  assessed  on  the disposition of the Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units carried out on the Brazilian stock exchange (which includes the transactions carried out on the organized over-the-counter market) are:

1. exempt from income tax when assessed by a Non-Brazilian Holder registered under Resolution No. 4,373 ('4,373 Holder') that is not a Tax Haven Holder;
2. subject to income tax at a rate of 15.0% in the case of gains assessed by a Non-Brazilian Holder that (i) is not a 4,373 Holder and is not a Tax Haven Holder, or (ii) is a 4,373 Holder and is a Tax Haven Holder; or
3. subject to income tax at a rate of 25.0% in the case of gains assessed by a Non-Brazilian Holder that is not a 4,373 Holder and is a Tax Haven Holder.

There can be no assurance that the current preferential treatment for 4,373 Holders will continue in the future.

Any other gains assessed on a disposition of the Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units that is not carried out on the Brazilian stock exchange is subject to income tax at the progressive rates ranging from 15% to 22.5%, except for gains assessed by Tax Haven Holders who are subject to an income tax rate of 25.0%.

If these gains are related to transactions conducted on the Brazilian non-organized, over-the-counter market, through an intermediary, the withholding income tax of 0.005% on the sale value shall also be applicable and can be offset with the eventual income tax due on the capital gain.

The deposit of Units in exchange for the ADSs may be subject to Brazilian income tax. In this case, the difference between the acquisition cost and the market price of the Units would be subject to income tax at the progressive rates ranging from 15% to 22.5% or 25.0% in the case of investors that are Tax Haven Holders. There may be arguments to claim that this taxation is not applicable in the case of a Non-Brazilian Holder that is registered under Resolution 4,373 (other than Tax Haven Holders), which should not be subject to income tax in such a transaction.

The withdrawal of Units upon cancellation of ADSs should not be subject to Brazilian income tax, as long as the regulatory rules are appropriately observed with respect to the registration of the investment before the Brazilian Central Bank.

In the case of redemption of the Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units or ADSs or capital reduction by a Brazilian corporation, with subsequent withdrawal of the ADSs, such as our company, the positive difference between the amount effectively received by the Non-Brazilian Holder and the acquisition cost of the securities redeemed is treated as capital gain derived from the sale or exchange of shares not carried out on a Brazilian stock exchange market and is therefore subject to income tax at the progressive rates ranging from 15.0% to 22.5% or 25.0%, as the case may be.

Any exercise of preemptive rights relating to the Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs will not be subject to Brazilian taxation. Gains on the sale or assignment of preemptive rights will be subject to the same tax treatment applicable to disposition of Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units.

## Other Brazilian Taxes

There are no Brazilian inheritance, gift or succession taxes applicable to the ownership, transfer or disposition of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs by a NonBrazilian Holder except for gift and inheritance taxes levied by some states in Brazil on gifts made or inheritances bestowed by individuals or entities not resident or domiciled in Brazil or in the relevant State to individuals or entities that are resident or domiciled within such State in Brazil. There are no Brazilian stamp, issue, registration, or similar taxes or duties payable by holders of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs.

Pursuant to Decree No. 6,306 of December 14, 2007 ('Decree No. 6,306/07'), a tax on foreign exchange transactions ('IOF/Exchange') may be imposed on the conversion of Brazilian currency into foreign currency (e.g., for purposes of paying dividends and interest) or vice-versa . Currently, for most exchange transactions, the rate of IOF/Exchange is 0.38%, except for: (i) foreign exchange transactions for the inflow of funds related to investments in variable income effectuated by a Non-Brazilian Holder in the Brazilian financial and capital market, in which case the rate is 0%, and (ii) payment of dividends, and interest on shareholders' equity related to the investment mentioned under item (i) above, in which case the rate is zero. Nonetheless, the Brazilian government may increase the rate to a maximum of 25.0%. Any such increase will be applicable only prospectively.

Pursuant to Decree No 6,306/07, the Tax on Bonds and Securities Transactions ('IOF/Bonds') may be imposed on any transactions involving bonds and securities, including those  carried  out  on  Brazilian  stock,  futures  and  commodities  exchanges.  The  rate  of  IOF/Bonds  Tax  applicable  to  transactions  involving  common  shares  is  currently  zero  if  the redemption, transfer or renegotiation occurs after 30 days of their acquisition. As from December 24, 2013, the IOF/Bonds levies at a rate of zero percent on the transfer ( cessão ) of shares traded in a Brazilian stock exchange environment with the specific purpose of enabling the issuance of depositary receipts to be traded outside Brazil. The Brazilian government is permitted to increase such rate at any time up to 1.5% per day, but only in respect of future transactions.

## U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations

The statements regarding U.S. tax law set forth below are based on U.S. law as in force on the date of this annual report, and changes to such law subsequent to the date of this annual report may affect the tax consequences described herein (possibly with retroactive effect). This summary describes the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs, but it does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the U.S. tax consequences that may be relevant to a decision to hold or dispose of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs. This summary applies only to purchasers of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs who will hold the Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs as capital assets and does not apply to special classes of holders such as brokers or dealers in securities or currencies, holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, holders of 10% or more of our shares by vote or value (taking into account shares held directly or through depositary arrangements), tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions, holders liable for the alternative minimum tax, securities traders who elect to account for their investment in Common Shares,  Preferred  Shares,  Units  or  ADSs  on  a  mark-to-market  basis,  regulated  investment  companies,  partnerships  or  other  pass-through  entities  (or  partners  or  members  therein), insurance companies, U.S. expatriates, and persons holding Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs in a hedging transaction or as part of a straddle, conversion or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Moreover, this summary does not address the Medicare tax on net investment income or the tax consequences to U.S. holders of acquiring, owning or disposing of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs under any U.S. federal estate or gift, state, local or foreign taxes.

Each holder is encouraged to consult such holder's tax advisor concerning the overall tax consequences to it, including the consequences under laws other than U.S. federal income tax laws, of an investment in Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs.

In this discussion, references to a 'U.S. holder' are to a beneficial holder of a Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or an ADS that is (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States of America, (ii) a corporation, or any other entity taxable as a corporation, organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia, or (iii) otherwise subject to U.S. federal income taxation on a net basis with respect to the Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADS.

For purposes of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which we call the 'Code,' holders of ADSs will generally be treated as owners of the Units represented by such ADSs

## Taxation of Distributions

A U.S. holder will recognize dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the amount of any cash and the value of any property distributed by us as  a  dividend  to  the  extent  that  such  distribution  is  paid  out  of  our  current  or  accumulated  earnings  and  profits,  as  determined  for  U.S.  federal  income  tax  purposes,  when  such distribution is received by the custodian (or by the U.S. holder in the case of a holder of Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units).

We  do  not  expect  to  maintain  calculations  of  our  earnings  and  profits  in  accordance  with  U.S.  federal  income  tax  principles.  U.S.  holders  therefore  should  expect  that distributions generally will be treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purpose.

If you are a U.S. holder, the amount of any distribution will include the amount of Brazilian tax withheld on the amount distributed, and the amount of a distribution paid in reais will be measured by reference to the exchange rate for converting reais into U.S. dollars in effect on the date the distribution is received by the custodian (or by a U.S. holder in the case of a holder of Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units). If the custodian (or U.S. holder in the case of a holder of Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units) does not convert such reais into U.S. dollars on the date it receives them, it is possible that the U.S. holder will recognize foreign currency loss or gain, which would be ordinary loss or gain, when the reais are converted into U.S. dollars. Dividends paid by us will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction allowed to corporations under the Code.

The  U.S.  dollar  amount  of  dividends  received  by  an  individual,  with  respect  to  the  ADSs,  will  be  subject  to  taxation  at  preferential  rates  if  the  dividends  are  'qualified dividends.' Subject to certain exceptions for short-term and hedged positions, dividends paid on the ADSs will be treated as qualified dividends if (i) the ADSs are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States and (ii) we were not, in the year prior to the year in which the dividend was paid, and are not, in the year in which the dividend is paid, a passive foreign investment company ('PFIC'). The ADSs are listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and will qualify as readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States so long as they are so listed. Based on our audited consolidated financial statements and relevant market and shareholder data, we believe that we were not treated as a PFIC  for  U.S.  federal  income  tax  purposes  with  respect  to  our  2021  and  2022  taxable  years.  In  addition,  based  on  our  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  and  our  current expectations regarding the value and nature of our assets, the sources and nature of our income, and relevant market and shareholder data, we do not anticipate becoming a PFIC for the 2023 taxable year. Based on existing guidance, it is not clear whether dividends received with respect to the Units will be treated as qualified dividends, because the Units themselves are not listed on a U.S. exchange. Holders of ADSs and Units should consult their own tax advisers regarding the availability of the reduced dividend tax rate in light of the considerations discussed above and their own particular circumstances.

Subject to generally applicable limitations and conditions, Brazilian withholding tax on dividends with respect to Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs that is paid at the appropriate rate applicable to the U.S. holder may be eligible for credit against such U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability. These generally applicable limitations and conditions include new requirements recently adopted by the IRS and any Brazilian tax will need to satisfy these requirements in order to be eligible to be a creditable tax for a U.S. holder. The application of these requirements to the Brazilian tax on dividends is uncertain and we have not determined whether these requirements have been met. If the Brazilian tax is not a creditable tax for a U.S. holder or the U.S. holder does not elect to claim a foreign tax credit for any foreign income taxes, the U.S. holder may be able to deduct the Brazilian tax in computing such U.S. holder's taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For U.S. holders that do elect to claim foreign tax credits, dividend distributions will constitute income from sources without the United States and generally will constitute 'passive category income' for foreign tax credit purposes. The availability and calculation of foreign tax credits and deductions for foreign taxes involve the application of complex rules and also vary depending upon on a U.S. holder's particular circumstances. U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules to their particular situations.

Distributions of additional shares to holders with respect to their Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs that are made as part of a pro rata distribution to all our shareholders generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax.

Holders of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs that are foreign corporations or nonresident alien individuals, which we call 'non-U.S. Holders,' generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax or withholding tax on distributions with respect to Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs that are treated as dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless such dividends are effectively connected with the conduct by the holder of a trade or business in the United States.

## Taxation of Capital Gains

Upon the sale or other taxable disposition  of  the  Common  Shares,  Preferred  Shares,  Units  or  ADS,  a  U.S.  holder  will  recognize  gain  or  loss  for  U.S.  federal  income  tax purposes. The amount of the gain or loss will be equal to the difference between the amount realized in consideration for the disposition of the Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADS (including the gross amount of the proceeds before the deduction of any Brazilian tax) and the U.S. holder's tax basis in the Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADS. Such gain or loss generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax as capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADS has been held for more than one year on the date of the disposition. The net amount of long-term capital gain recognized by an individual holder generally is subject to taxation at preferential  rates.  Capital  losses  may  be  deducted  from  taxable  income,  subject  to  certain  limitations.  Gain  realized  by  a  U.S.  holder  on  a  sale  or  disposition  of  Common  Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs generally will be treated as U.S. source income for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes.Under the new foreign tax credit requirements recently adopted by the IRS, , any Brazilian tax imposed on the sale or other disposition of the Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs is unlikely to be treated as a creditable tax for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. If the Brazilian tax is not a creditable tax for a U.S. holder or the U.S. holder does not elect to claim a foreign tax credit for any foreign income taxes, the U.S. holder may be able to deduct the Brazilian tax in computing such U.S. holder's taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of the foreign tax credit rules to a sale or other disposition of the Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs and any Brazilian tax imposed on such sale or disposition.

A non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax or withholding tax on gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs unless (i) such gain is effectively connected with the conduct by the holder of a trade or business in the United States, or (ii) such holder is an individual who is present in the United States of America for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the sale and certain other conditions are met.

## Foreign Financial Asset Reporting

Certain U.S. Holders that own 'specified foreign financial assets' with an aggregate value in excess of US$50,000 on the last day of the taxable year or US$75,000 at any time during the taxable year are generally required to file an information statement along with their tax returns, currently on IRS Form 8938, with respect to such assets. 'Specified foreign financial assets' include any financial accounts held at a non-U.S. financial institution, as well as securities issued by a non-U.S. issuer that are not held in accounts maintained by financial institutions. The understatement of income attributable to 'specified foreign financial assets' in excess of US$5,000 extends the statute of limitations with respect to the tax return to six years after the return was filed. U.S. Holders who fail to report the required information could be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors are encouraged to consult with their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of these rules, including the application of the rules to their particular circumstances.

## Backup Withholding and Information Reporting

Dividends paid on, and proceeds from the sale or other disposition of, the ADSs or Common Shares, Preferred Shares or Units to a U.S. holder generally may be subject to the information reporting requirements of the Code and may be subject to backup withholding unless the U.S. holder (i) is a corporation or other exempt recipient or (ii) provides an accurate taxpayer identification number and certifies that no loss of exemption from backup withholding has occurred. The amount of any backup withholding collected from a payment to a U.S. holder will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the U.S. holder to a refund, provided that certain required information is furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

A  non-U.S.  Holder  generally  will  be  exempt  from  these  information  reporting  requirements  and  backup  withholding  tax,  but  may  be  required  to  comply  with  certain certification and identification procedures in order to establish its eligibility for such exemption in connection with payments received within the United States or through certain U.S.related intermediaries.

## DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY

We file reports, including annual reports on Form 20-F and other information with the SEC pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC that apply to foreign private issuers. We are required to make filings with the SEC by electronic means. Any filings we make electronically will be available to the public over the Internet at the SEC's website.

For more information about our securities, see Exhibit 2.4 to this annual report.

## Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

See Note 34.2.3 to our audited consolidated financial statements for disclosure about market risk.

## Item 12. Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities

Not applicable.

## Item 12A. Debt Securities

Not applicable.

## Item 12B. Warrants and Rights

Not applicable.

## Item 12C. Other Securities

Not applicable.

## Item 12D. American Depositary Shares

In the United States, the Units trade in the form of ADSs, each representing one Unit, issued by The Bank of New York Mellon (or the Depositary) pursuant to the Deposit Agreement. The ADSs trade under the symbol 'ELP.' ADS holders are required to pay various fees to the Depositary, and the Depositary may refuse to provide any service for which a fee is assessed until the applicable fee has been paid. The Depositary is located at 240 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10286.

ADS holders are required to pay the Depositary: (i) an annual fee of up to US$0.02 per ADS (or portion thereof) for administering the ADS program, and (ii) amounts in respect of expenses incurred by the Depositary or its agents on behalf of ADS holders, including expenses arising from compliance with applicable law, taxes or other governmental charges, cable, telex and facsimile transmission, or conversion of foreign currency into U.S. dollars. In both cases, the Depositary may decide in its sole discretion to seek payment by either billing holders or by deducting the fee from one or more cash dividends or other cash distributions.

ADS holders are also required to pay additional fees for certain services provided by the Depositary, as set forth in the table below.

| Depositary service  Fee payable by ADS holders  Issuance of ADSs, including issuances resulting from a distribution of shares or rights or other property  US$5.00 or less per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof)  Cancellation of ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal, including if the deposit agreement terminates  US$5.00 or less per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof)  Distribution of cash dividends  US$0.02 or less per ADS  Distribution of securities distributed to holders of deposited securities which are distributed by the depositary to ADS registered holders  A  fee  equivalent  to  the  fee  that  would  be  payable  if  securities  distributed to the holder had been shares and the shares had been  deposited for issuance of ADSs  Depositary services  US$0.02 (or less) per ADSs per calendar year  Transfer and registration of shares on the Depositary's share register to or from the name of the depositary or its agent when the holder deposits or withdraws shares  Registration or transfer fees  Cable, telex and facsimile transmissions (when expressly provided in the deposit agreement)  Expenses of the Depositary  Converting foreign currency to U.S. dollars  Expenses of the Depositary  Taxes and other governmental charges the Depositary or the custodian are required to pay on any ADS or share underlying an ADS (e.g., stock transfer taxes, stamp  duty or withholding taxes)  As necessary  Any charges incurred by the Depositary or its agents for servicing the deposited securities  As necessary   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Payments by the Depositary

The Depositary pays us an agreed amount, which includes reimbursements for certain expenses we incur in connection with the ADS program. These reimbursable expenses currently include legal and accounting fees, listing fees, investor relations expenses and fees payable to service providers for the distribution of material to ADR holders. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this amount was US$762,618.17.

## Item 13. Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies

Not applicable.

## Item 14. Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds

None.

## Item 15. Control and Procedures

## 2022 Fiscal Year

## Disclosure Controls and Procedures, and Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

## (a) Disclosure Control and Procedures

We evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on our assessment, we concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information that  we are required to disclose in the reports we present or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the deadlines specified in the applicable rules and forms, and are accumulated and reported to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding any required disclosure.

## (b) Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. The process of internal controls over financial reporting is designed by our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, under the supervision of our Board of Directors, and is carried out by our management and other employees as a means to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS, issued by the IASB.

Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act define internal control over financial reporting as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes policies and procedures that (1) refer to record keeping that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company's assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that Company's receipts and expenses are being made only with authorization from Company's management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company's assets that could have a material effect on the audited consolidated financial statements.

Due to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any assessment of effectiveness for future periods are subject to numerous risks, including that controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions.

Our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, was based on the criteria established in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

Based on such assessments and criteria, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective.

Our independent registered public accounting firm has examined the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as indicated in the report included in this document.

## (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm

<!-- image -->

Deloitte

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel

## Opinion on internal control over financial reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel and subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December  31,  2022,  based  on  criteria  established  in  Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013)  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in 'Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)' issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board - PCAOB (United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company, and our report, dated April 26, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

## Basis for opinion

The Company's Management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  PCAOB.  Those  standards  require  that  we  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain reasonable  assurance  about  whether  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all  material  respects.  Our  audit  included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control  over  financial  reporting  includes  those  policies  and  procedures  that:  (1)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail, accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and  dispositions  of  the  assets  of  the  company;  (2)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of Management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU Auditores Independentes Ltda.

Curitiba, Brazil April 26, 2023

## (d) Changes in Internal Control on Financial Reporting

Our management has not identified any other changes in its internal control over financial disclosure reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that has significantly affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting.

## Item 16A. Audit Committee Financial Expert

On April 30, 2021, our Board of Directors reviewed the qualifications and backgrounds of the members of the Audit Committee and determined that Mr. Carlos Biedermann an 'audit committee financial expert' within the meaning of Item 16A of Form 20-F and satisfied the requirements of independence of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act. For more information regarding our Audit Committee, see 'Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees-Audit Committee.'

Nune- Machado Street, 68 Tne Five Eas: Batel 20250-OCo Curitiba, PR - Brazil

Phone: 55 (42) 3312-1400 Fax: 55 (41) 3312-1470 deloirte com.br

## Item 16B. Code of Ethics

Our code of ethics, called 'Code of Conduct,' was adopted for the first time in 2003. Over the years, the document has been revised to adapt it to the Company's reality. The current version of the Code of Conduct was approved on July 13, 2022 by the Board of Directors.

The Code of Conduct applies to all of our employees, interns, suppliers, service providers, contractors, directors and officers (including our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and the head of our accounting department), as well as of our wholly owned subsidiaries. Since the adoption of our Code of Conduct, we have not granted any express or implied waiver of any section of our code to the persons to whom it applies.

Our Code is available on our website (ri.copel.com/en) and copies can also be mailed upon written request to the address given on the front cover.

## Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

## Audit and Non-Audit Fees

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Auditores Independentes Ltda., PCAOB ID No. 1045, acted as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

The table next sets forth the total amount billed to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Auditores Independentes Ltda. for services performed 2022 and 2021, and breaksdown these amounts by category of service.

| Year ended December 31,  Billed  2022  2021  (R$ million)  Audit fees  4.8  4.7  Audit-related fees  -  -  Tax fees  0.1  0.1  Total  4.9  4.8   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Audit Fees

Audit fees are fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements and for the reviews of our quarterly financial information in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.

## Tax Fees

Tax fees are fees billed for the review of fiscal and tax procedures, including the examination of the procedures in force for the calculation, retention, registration, control, collection, recovery and accounting of taxes, including ancillary obligations.

## Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures

When hiring other services  from  its  external  auditors,  the  Company's  practice  provides  for  prior  analysis  by  the  Audit  Committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  which  must consider in this assessment whether a relationship or service provided by an independent auditor: (i) creates conflicting interests with your audit client; (ii) puts them in a position to audit their own work; (iii) results in acting as a manager or as an employee of the audit client; or (iv) puts them in a position of attorney for the audit client.

The Audit Committee also considers, in this type of assessment, whether any service provided by the independent auditing company may impair, in fact or apparently, the firm's independence. Whenever necessary, the Audit Committee can count on the technical support of the Internal Audit, or of an independent consultancy, for technical evaluation that may be required in each specific case, with discussions on the contracting of other services being recorded in the minutes of this collegiate meeting independent auditor.

For more information regarding our Board of Directors and Audit Committee, see 'Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees.'

## Item 16D. Exemption from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees

Absent an exemption, a listed company must establish an audit committee composed of independent members of the board of directors that meets specified independence requirements set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act. We rely on our Audit Committee, established pursuant to CVM Resolution No. 23/2021 to meet the exemption requirements under paragraph (c)(3) of Rule 10A-3. Under our bylaws and the Audit Committee's charter, (i) our Audit Committee shall have three to five members, (ii) a majority of its member must comply with the independence requirements of our bylaws and of Federal Law 13,303/2016, (iii) at least one member must be an independent member of our Board of Directors, (iv) at least one member must not be a member of our Board of Directors and (v) at least one member must be must satisfy accounting / financial expertise requirements of Federal Law 13,303/2016.

Currently, our Audit Committee is composed of three members. Mr. Carlos Biedermann, Marco Antônio Barbosa Cândido and Mr Luiz Claudio Maia Vieira. Mr Luiz Claudio Maia  Vieira  is  characterized  as  an  external  member.  For  more  information  regarding  our  Audit  Committee,  see  'Item  6.  Directors,  Senior  Management  and  Employees-Audit Committee.'

## Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

## Item 16F. Changes in Registrant's Certifying Accountant

Not applicable.

## Item 16G. Corporate Governance

| Section  New York Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Rules for U.S. Domestic Issuers  Our Approach  Director Independence  303A.01  A  company  listed  on  the  New  York  Stock  Exchange  (a  'listed  company')  must  have  a  majority  of  independent  directors  on  its  Board  of  Directors.  'Controlled  companies'  are  not  required  to  comply  with this requirement.  As a controlled company, we are not required to comply with the majority of independent directors  requirement. Under our Bylaws, at least 25% of the members of our board must be independent, as  determined by our shareholders and registered in the minutes of the General Meeting that elects these  board  members,  in  accordance  with  our  Bylaws,  Federal  Laws  6,404/1976  and  13,303/2016,  B3's  Level 2 Corporate Governance Regulation.  303A.03  The non-management directors of a listed company must meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions  without management.  Our Chief Executive Officer is also a member of the board of directors. Our non-managing directors  regularly hold executive sessions without management, which are usually scheduled to occur at the  end of every board meeting.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee

| 303A.04  A listed  company  must  have  a  Nominating/  Corporate  Governance  Committee  composed  entirely  of  independent directors, with a written charter that covers certain minimum specified duties. 'Controlled  companies' are not required to comply with this requirement.  As a controlled company, we are not be required to comply with the nominating/ corporate governance  committee  requirements.  In  compliance  with  Article  10  of  Brazilian  Law  13,303/2016  we  have  a  permanent  statutory  committee,  advisory  to  the  shareholders,  and  responsible  for  monitoring  the  nomination  and  evaluation  processes  applicable  to  our  management,  members  of  our  board  of  directors,  Supervisory  Board,  and  board  committees.  This  committee  is  composed  of  members  appointed by our shareholders.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Compensation Committee

| 303A.05  A listed  company must have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors,  with  a  written  charter  that  covers  certain  minimum  specified  duties.  'Controlled  companies'  are  not  required to comply with this requirement.  We do not have a compensation committee. As a controlled company, we are not required to comply  with the compensation committee requirements.  Audit Committee  303A.06  303A.07  A listed company must have an audit committee with a minimum of three (3) independent directors who  satisfy the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act, with a written  charter that covers certain minimum specified duties.  We have a Statutory Audit Committee, an independent advisory body to the Board of Directors, as  per Article 51 of our Bylaws (Holding Company), whose responsibilities, duties, competencies and  attributions are established in specific internal regulations, in compliance with the laws of Brazil and  the United States, including the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX); SEC and NYSE rule  sand best practices. We rely on the Statutory Audit Currently the Audit Committee is composed of  three independent members.  Equity Compensation Plans  303A.08  Shareholders  must  be  given  the  opportunity  to  vote  on  all  equity  compensation  plans  and  material  revisions thereto, with limited exemptions set forth in the NYSE rules.  Under Brazilian Corporate Law, shareholder pre-approval is required for the adoption of any equity  compensation plans and material revisions thereto.  Corporate Governance Guidelines  303A.09  A listed company must adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines that cover certain minimum  specified subjects.  Although  the  corporate  governance  practices  adopted  by  us  do  not  comply  with  all  the  terms  specified in the rules of the NYSE, they fulfill the requirements established for companies listed on  level 2 of corporate governance of B3S.A. Brasil, Bolsa e Balcão. We also adopt the Code of Better  Corporate Governance Practices of the Brazilian Institute for Corporate Governance ('IBGC').  Code of Ethics for Directors, Officers and Employees  303A.10  A  listed  company  must  adopt  and  disclose  a  code  of  business  conduct  and  ethics  for  its  directors,  officers and employees, and must promptly disclose any waivers of the code for directors or executive  officers.  We have adopted a code of ethics, a set of rules that guide the actions of all persons who perform  activities  on  behalf  of  us  and  our  wholly  owned  and  controlled  subsidiaries,  including  employees  (regardless  of  their  function  or  hierarchical  position),  administrators  (members  of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  Board  of  Executive  Officers),  members  of  the  Audit  Committee,  interns,  suppliers,  service providers and outsourced personnel. All such individuals are responsible for abiding by the  code's  provisions  and  applying  its  content  within  their  respective  roles,  in  addition  to  promoting  disclosure, understanding and integration of our code of ethics.  Certification Requirements  303A.12  A CEO of a listed company must promptly notify the NYSE in writing after any executive officer of the  listed  company  becomes  aware  of  any  material  non-compliance  with  any  applicable  provisions  of  Section  303A  and  certify  he  or  she  is  not  aware  of  any  violation  by  the  listed  company  of  NYSE  corporate governance listing standards, qualifying the certification to the extent necessary. Each listed  company must submit an executed Written Affirmation annually to the NYSE. In addition, each listed  company  must  submit  an  interim  Written  Affirmation  as  and  when  required  by  the  interim  Written  Affirmation form specified by the NYSE.  Our  CEO  will  promptly  notify  the  NYSE  in  writing  after  any  of  our  executive  officer's  become  aware  of  any  material  non-compliance  with  any  applicable  provisions  of  the  NYSE  corporate  governance rules and will also certify if he is not aware of any violation by the listed company of  NYSE corporate governance listing standards.  We  submit  every  year  an  Annual  Written  Affirmation  to  the  NYSE  and  will  submit  an  interim  Written Affirmation when required.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Item 16H. Mine Safety Disclosure

Not applicable.

## Item 16I. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

## Item 17. Financial Statements

Not applicable.

## Item 18. Financial Statements

## Item 19. Exhibits .

| 1.1  Corporate Bylaws approved and consolidated by the 187th Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, of October 10, 2013, and amended by the 190th Extraordinary Shareholders meeting, of April 23, 2015,  and by the 193rd Extraordinary Shareholders meeting of December 22, 2016, and by the 195 Extraordinary Shareholders meeting of June 7, 2017, and by the 197th Extraordinary Shareholders meeting  of  June  28,  2018,  and  by  the  199  Extraordinary  Shareholders meeting of April 29, 2019, and by the 200 Extraordinary Shareholders meeting of December 02, 2019, and by the 201Extraordinary  Shareholders meeting of March, 11, 2021.  2.1  Deposit Agreement (preferred shares) dated as of March 21, 1996, as amended and restated as of April 27, 2021 in the form of Exhibit 2.1 hereto.  2.4  Description of Securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.  8.1  List of subsidiaries controlled by us  12.1  Certification of our Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  12.2  Certification of our Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  13.1  Certification of our Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  13.2  Certification of our Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  101.INS  XBRL Instance Document.  101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  101. CAL  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  101. DEF  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  101.PRE  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We omitted from the exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into this annual report certain promissory notes and other instruments and agreements with respect to our long-term debt, none of which authorizes securities in a total amount that exceeds 10% of our total assets. We hereby agree to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission copies of any such omitted promissory notes or other instruments or agreements as the Commission requests.

## TECHNICAL GLOSSARY

2013 Concession Renewal Law : Brazilian Law No. 12,783 enacted on January 11, 2013, under which most generation, transmission and distribution concessionaires may be renewed at the request of the concessionaire for an additional period of 30 years, but only if the concessionaire agrees to amend the terms of the concession contract to reflect a new tariff regime to be established by ANEEL.

ADSs : American Depositary Shares, each representing one Unit.

ANEEL : The Brazilian Electricity Regulatory Agency, or the Agência Nacional de Energia Elétrica .

Assured Energy : Determined amount assigned to each hydroelectric plant according to the energy supply risk criteria defined by MME. The Assured Energy also represents the maximum energy that can be sold by the generator, which is set forth in each concession agreement, irrespective of the volume of electricity actually generated by the facility.

Availability Agreement : Agreement under which a generator commits to making a certain amount of electrical capacity available to the Regulated Market. In such case, the generator's revenue is guaranteed, and the distributors must bear the risk of a supply shortage.

Average Tariff or Rate : Total sales revenue divided by total megawatt hours (MWh) sold for each relevant period, including in the case of the Company, unbilled electricity, or electricity which has been delivered to a customer, but for which the utility has yet to deliver a bill. Total sales revenue, for the purpose of computing average tariff or rate, includes both gross billings before deducting value-added tax and unbilled electricity sales upon which such taxes have not yet accrued.

Bilateral Agreement: Legal instrument that formalizes the purchase and sale of electric energy between Agents of the Chamber of Commercialization of Electric Energy CCEE, with the purpose of establishing prices, terms and amounts of supply at determined time intervals.

BNDES : the National Bank for Economic and Social Development, or Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social .

Brazilian Central Bank : The Brazilian Central Bank, or Banco Central do Brasil. Brazilian Forestry Code : Federal Law No. 12,651/2012.

B3 (Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão): B3 S.A. - Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão, the securities, commodities and futures exchange, headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil, incoporated as a result of the merger of BM&amp;FBOVESPA S.A. - Bolsa de Valores, Mercadorias e Futuros and CETIP S.A. - Mercados Organizados.

Captive Customers : customers whose energy is supplied by the distributor in which the consumer unit is connected, such as that the amount paid already includes the energy cost and service cost for use of transmission and distribution - wire service. The consumer is not free to negotiate the conditions and the flexibility of energy supplied to meet the needs of  its  business,  instead  having  to  follow  the  determinations  set  forth  by  the  distributor.  The  consumer  is  subject  to  the  unpredictability  of  the  annual  variation  of  the  value  of  the distributors' tariffs.

CCEE ( Câmara de Comercialização de Energia Elétrica ): Chamber of Commercialization of Electric Energy.

CDE : the Electric Energy Development Account, or Conta de Desenvolvimento Energético .

CER: Reserve Energy Contract (Contrato de Energia Reserva).

Class A Shares : Our class A preferred shares.

Class B Shares : Our class B preferred shares.

CMN : The National Monetary Council of Brazil, or Conselho Monetário Nacional.

Code: The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Common Shares : Our common shares.

Compagas: Companhia Paranaense de Gás - Compagas

Copel Distribuição : Copel Distribuição S.A., Our entity engaged in the distribution business.

Copel Geração e Transmissão S.A. or Copel GeT : Our entity engaged in the generation and transmission business.

CRC Account : The recoverable rate deficit account, or Conta de Resultados a Compensar .

Custodian : Itaú Unibanco S.A., as custodian for the Units represented by ADSs.

CVM (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários): Securities and Exchange Commission

Decree No. 6,306/07 : Brazilian tax Decree No. 6,306 dated December 14, 2007, which regulates tax on credit, exchange and insurance, or relating to securities IOF .

Deloitte: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Auditores Independentes Ltda.

Deposit Agreement : A Deposit Agreement between us, the Depositary and the registered holders and beneficial owners from time to time of the ADSs.

Depositary : The Bank of New York Mellon, as depositary.

Distribution : The transfer of electricity from the transmission lines at grid supply points and its delivery to customers through distribution lines at voltages between 13.8 kV and 44 kV.

Distributor : An entity supplying electrical energy to a group of customers by means of a distribution grid.

Elejor : Centrais Elétricas do Rio Jordão S.A.

Eletrosul : Eletrosul Centrais Elétricas S.A.

Energy Agreement : Agreement under which a generator commits to supply a certain amount of electricity and assumes the risk that its electricity supply could be adversely affected  by  hydrological  conditions  and  low  reservoir  levels,  which  could  interrupt  the  supply  of  electricity.  In  such  case,  the  generator  would  be  required  to  purchase  electricity elsewhere in order to comply with its supply commitments.

Final Customer : A party that uses electricity for its own needs.

Free Customers : Electricity customers that are able to choose their own power suppliers since they meet the following requirements: as from January 1, 2022, with demand of at least 1.0 MW at any voltage; and, after January 1, 2023, with demand of at least 500 kW at any voltage

Free Market : Market segment that permits a certain degree of competition. The Free Market specifically contemplates purchase of electricity by non-regulated entities such as Free Customers and energy traders.

Furnas : Furnas Centrais Elétricas S.A

Generating Unit : An electric generator together with the turbine or other device that drives it.

Gigawatt (GW) : One billion watts.

Gigawatt hour (GWh) : One gigawatt of power supplied or demanded for one hour, or one billionwatt hours.

Group A Customers : A group of customers that uses electricity at 2.3 kV or higher. Tariffs applied to this group are based on the actual voltage level at which energy is supplied and the time of day and year the energy is supplied.

Group B Customers : A group of customers that uses electricity at less than 2.3 kV. Tariffs applied to this group are comprised solely of an energy charge and are based on the classification of the customer.

GSF : Generation Scaling Factor.

HPP or Hydroelectric Power Plant : A generating unit that uses water power to drive the electric generator.

IASB : International Accounting Standards Board.

IFRS : International Financial Reporting Standards.

IGP-DI : The Índice Geral de Preços-Disponibilidade Interna inflation index.

IGP-M Index : The Brazilian General Market Price inflation index, or the Índice Geral de Preços do Mercado.

Installed Capacity : The level of electricity that can be delivered from a particular generating unit on a full-load continuous basis under specified conditions as designated by the manufacturer.

Interconnected Transmission System : Systems or grids for the transmission of energy, connected together by means of one or more lines and transformers.

IPCA : Índice Nacional de Preços ao Consumidor Amplo - IPCA inflation index.

IPP :  Independent  Power  Producer,  a  legal  entity  or  consortium  holding  a  concession  or  authorization  for  power  generation  for  sale  for  its  own  account  to  public  Utility concessionaires or Free Customers.

Itaipu : Itaipu Binacional, a hydroelectric facility equally owned by Brazil and Paraguay, with an installed capacity of 14,000 MW.

Kilovolt (kV) : One thousand volts.

Kilowatt (kW) : One thousand watts.

Kilowatt hour (kWh) : One kilowatt of power supplied or demanded for one hour, or one thousand watt hours.

Latibex : A Euro-based market for Latin American securities, which is part of the Madrid Stock Exchange.

LGPD : Brazilian Federal Law No. 13,709/2018, or Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais .

Low-income Residential Customers :  A  group  of  customers  that  consumes  less  than  220  kWh  per  month  and  has  filed  an  application  to  receive  benefits  under  any  of  the Brazilian government's social programs. Low-income residential customers are considered a subgroup of residential customers and are not subject to payment of emergency capacity and emergency acquisition charges or any extraordinary tariff approved by ANEEL.

Main Transmission Concession : transmission concession contract No. 060/2001 comprised of different transmission assets that were in operation in the year of 2001 (date of execution of the concession agreement).

MCSD : The Mechanism for Compensation of Surpluses and Deficits ( Mecanismo de Compensação de Sobras e Déficits ), which corresponds to the p rocess of reallocation of energy surpluses and deficits undertaken in accordance with the Regulated Contracting Environment - ACR among the distribution agents that participate in CCEE.

MCSD-EN : The Mechanism for Compensation of Surpluses and Deficits of New Energy ( Mecanismo de Compensação de Sobras e Déficits de Energia Nova ), which allows distribution agents to offset amounts of electric energy and power acquired in auctions of new generation projects, and allows the reduction of amounts contracted with generating agents bound to new generation ventures.

Megawatt (MW) : One million watts.

Megawatt hour (MWh) : One megawatt of power supplied or demanded for one hour, or one million watt hours.

MME : The Brazilian Ministry of Mines and Energy, or the Ministério de Minas e Energia .

MRE : The Energy Reallocation Mechanism is a mechanism which attempts to mitigate the risks borne by hydroelectric generators due to variations in river flows (hydrological risk).

MVE : The Mechanism of Surplus Sales, or the Mecanismo de Venda de Excedentes , which allows distribution companies to sell energy surpluses and, in the case of sales related to amounts within the regulatory limits or involuntary over contracting, allows distribution companies to revert the acquired benefit to consumers through tariff adjustments.

Non-Brazilian Holder : An individual, entity, trust or organization resident or domiciled outside Brazil for purposes of Brazilian taxation that acquires, owns and disposes of Common Shares, Preferred Shares, Units or ADSs.

PLD : Difference Settlement Price or, Preço de Liquidação de Diferenças .

PPD : Performance Incentive Program, or Prêmio Por Desempenho .

Preferred Shares: Our preferred shares, divided between Classe A Shares and Class B Shares.

ONS : The National Electric System Operator, or the Operador Nacional do Sistema Elétrico.

RAP or APR: Annual Permitted Revenues, or Receita Anual Permitida , the annual revenue established by ANEEL to be charged by a transmission concessionaire for the use of its transmission lines by third parties, which include Free Customers, generators and distributors.

Rationing Program : A program instituted by the Brazilian government to reduce electricity consumption, in effect from June 1, 2001 to February 28, 2002, given it was a period of low rainfall in Brazil.

Real, Reais or R$ : Brazilian reais (plural) and the Brazilian real (singular) .

Regulated Market :  Market segment in which distribution companies purchase all the electricity needed to supply customers through public auctions. The auction process is administered by ANEEL, either directly or through CCEE, under certain guidelines provided by the MME. The regulated market is generally considered to be more stable in terms of supply of electricity.

Regulatory Remuneration Base: The aggregate amount of investments made by the distribution companies in connection with the services compensated by tariffs charged to consumers ( Base de Remuneração Regulatória ).

Reserve Energy Auction: mechanism for the contracting of reserve energy created to increase the security in the supplied of energy by the National Interconnected System (SIN). The reserve auction acts as an insurance contracted by distributors to be used when there is a mismatch between forecasted demand and supply. This modality of contracting is formalized through the conclusion of the CER between the selling agents in the auctions and the CCEE.

Retail  Tariff :  Revenue  charged  by  distribution  companies  to  its  customers.  Each  customer  falls  within  a  certain  tariff  level  defined  by  law  and  based  on  the  customer's classification, although some flexibility is available according to the nature of each customer's demand. Retails tariffs are subject to annual revision by ANEEL.

RGR Fund : A reserve fund designed to provide compensatory payments to energy companies for certain assets used in connection with a concession if the concession is revoked or is not renewed.

Sanepar : Companhia de Saneamento do Paraná -Sanepar.

Securities Act: The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Securities Exchange Act: The United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Sercomtel : Sercomtel Telecomunicações S.A.

SHP -Small Hydroelectric Plant : Hydroelectric plants with generating capacity between 1,000 kW and 30,000 kW with a reservoir covering an area equal to or less than 3.0 km.

SPC : Special Purpose Company, or Sociedade de Propósito Específico .

Special Customers : A group of customers that uses at least 500 kV. A Special Customer may choose its energy supplier if that supplier derives its energy from alternative sources, such as small hydroelectric plants, wind plants or biomass plants.

Spot  Market: Deregulated  market  segment  in  which  electricity  is  bought  or  sold  for  immediate  delivery.  In  general,  prices  of  spot  market  energy  purchases  tend  to  be substantially higher than the price of energy under long-term energy purchase agreements.

Substation : An assemblage of equipment, which switches and/or changes or regulates the voltage of electricity in a transmission and distribution system.

Tax Haven Holder: A shareholder situated in tax haven jurisdictions (that is, a country or location that does not impose income tax or where the maximum income tax rate is lower than 20% (or 17%, as the case may be) or where the local legislation imposes restrictions on disclosing the shareholding composition or the ownership of the investment or the beneficial owner of the income derived from transactions carried out and attributable to a Non-Brazilian Holder). The list of tax haven jurisdictions is currently provided in Normative Ruling No. 1,037.

Thermoelectric Plant or TPP :  A generating unit which uses combustible fuel, such as coal, oil, diesel natural gas or other hydrocarbon as the source of energy to drive the electric generator.

TJLP : The Long-Term Interest Rate, or the Taxa de Juros a Longo Prazo , the Brazilian government's long-term interest rate.

Transmission : The bulk transfer of electricity from generating facilities to the distribution grid at load center station by means of the transmission grid (in lines with capacity between 69 kV and 525 kV).

Transmission  Tariff :  Revenue  charged  by  a  transmission  concessionaire  based  on  the  transmission  grid  it  owns  and  operates.  Transmission  tariffs  are  subject  to  periodic revisions by ANEEL.

TUST : The tariff established by ANEEL for the use of the transmission system, which is the Interconnected Transmission System and its ancillary facilities.

UHE GBM : Governador Bento Munhoz da Rocha Netto Hydroelectric Power Plant.

Unit(s) : depositary receipt traded in B3 and Latibex, and depending on the context, the depositary receipt represented by ADS traded in NYSE, in each case composed by one Common Share and four Class B Shares.

U.S. Dollars, dollars, or US$ : United States dollars.

U.S. Holder : A beneficial holder of a Common Share, a Preferred Share, an Unit or an ADS that is (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States of America, (ii) a corporation, or any other entity taxable as a corporation, organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia, or (iii) otherwise subject to U.S. federal income taxation on a net basis with respect to the Common Share, Preferred Share, Unit or ADS.

Utility : An entity that is the holder of a concession or authorization to engage in the generation, transmission or distribution of electric energy in Brazil.

Volt : The basic unit of electric force analogous to water pressure in pounds per square inch.

Watt : The basic unit of electrical power.

## SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.

## COMPANHIA PARANAENSE DE ENERGIA - COPEL

By: /s/ Daniel Pimentel Slaviero Name: Daniel Pimentel Slaviero Title: Chief Executive Officer

By: /s/ Adriano Rudek de Moura Name: Adriano Rudek de Moura Title: Chief Financial and Investor Relations Officer

Date: April 26, 2023

<!-- image -->

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel

## Opinion on the financial statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel and subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'financial statements'). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and of its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards - IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board - IASB.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in 'Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)' issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated April 26, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

## Basis for opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's Management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by Management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Deloit:e Touche Tohmat-u Nune: Machado Street, 68 Tne Five Eas: Batel Curitiba PR - Brazil

Phone: 55 (41) 3312-1400 Fax: 55 (42) 3312-1470

## Critical audit matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements, and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

## Recognition of revenue from electricity sales to final customers and use of the main distribution and transmission grid - Refer to notes 4.12 and 30 to the financial statements

## Critical audit matter description

The Company bills its customer on a monthly basis based on the energy measured, and recognize revenue at this moment. The Company also recognize unbilled revenue calculated between the date of the last measurement and the end of the month, on estimated basis, based on the average of the last billing. Unbilled revenues from the billing date to month-end are estimated based on the prior month's billing and recognized as revenue at the end of the month in which the service was provided. At the end of each month, the volume of energy delivered to customers since the date of the last measurement is estimated and the corresponding unbilled revenue is determined considering the estimated daily consumption and the applicable rates by customer class, reflecting historical trends and significant experience. The differences between estimated unbilled and actual revenues are recognized in the next month.

We identified recognition of revenue from electricity sales to final customers and use of the main distribution and transmission grid as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary to audit the revenue recognition, including the methods and assumptions used to estimate unbilled revenue, as well as the use of automated systems to process and recognize revenue. Performing procedures to audit revenue required a high degree of auditor judgment and extensive audit effort, including involvement of our Information Technology (IT) specialists.

## How the critical audit matter was addressed in the audit

Our audit procedures on revenue recognition included the following, among others:

- We tested the effectiveness of controls over revenue recognition, including Management's controls over the measurement of energy volumes and pricing, as well as controls over estimates of unbilled revenue.
- With the assistance of our IT specialists, we:
- -Identified the significant systems used to process revenue transactions and tested the general IT controls over each of these systems, including testing of user access controls, change management controls, and IT operations controls.
- -Performed testing of system interface controls and automated controls within the relevant revenue streams, as well as the controls designed to ensure the accuracy and completeness of revenue.

- With respect to unbilled revenue, we:
- -Evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of the methods and assumptions used by Management to develop the estimates of unbilled revenue.
- -Tested the mathematical accuracy of Management's estimates of unbilled revenue.
- -Evaluated Management's ability to estimate unbilled revenue accurately by comparing actual subsequent revenue with Management's historical estimates for the related revenue streams.
- We performed a test that comprised developing an independent expectation of the revenue amounts and its comparison with revenue effectively recognized.
- For a sample of revenue transactions, we performed detail transaction testing by agreeing the amounts recognized to source documents, testing the mathematical accuracy of the revenue recognized, and verifying subsequent cash receipts.
- We assessed whether the disclosures made by Management in the financial statements are appropriate.

## Provisions for legal claims and contingent liabilities - Refer to notes 4.11 and 28 to the financial statements

## Critical audit matter description

The Company is part in several legal and administrative proceedings before different courts. Based on assessments made by the Company's legal counsel, Management recognized a provision for those lawsuits which likelihood of loss is probable. The Company's Management believes that it is not practicable to provide information regarding the expected timing of any cash outflows related to the lawsuits in which the Company and its subsidiaries are involved, due to the slow pace and unpredictability of Brazilian legal, tax and regulatory systems, and since final resolution of the proceedings for which a provision has been recognized depends on the conclusions of the lawsuits or arbitration proceedings.

We identified provisions for legal claims and contingent liabilities as a critical audit matter because of the large number of cases and the subjectivity necessary to estimate the likelihood and to measure the provision for litigation of potential losses. Performing audit procedures to evaluate whether the provision for legal claims was appropriately recognized and disclosed required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort.

## How the critical audit matter was addressed in the audit

Our audit procedures related to provision for legal claims and contingent liabilities included the following, among others:

- We tested the effectiveness of controls related to provision for legal claims and evaluation of contingent liabilities, including those over the completeness and accuracy on such information, including the review of new and outstanding legal matters, as well as controls over the measurement of potential losses.
- With the assistance of our IT specialists, we tested the effectiveness of controls related to the information systems used by Management to monitor and evaluate outstanding legal matters.
- We tested the completeness and accuracy of the database used by Management to manage outstanding legal matters and to determine the likelihood of loss and measuring potential losses.
- We inquired internal and external legal counsel to understand developments in legal matters and progression in potential settlement discussions.

- We requested and received a written response from internal and external legal counsel as it relates to lawsuits and the related classification of the likelihood of loss for the Company and the amounts involved, as applicable.
- We read the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors and Board of Executive Officers for evidence of undisclosed contingencies or unrecognized provisions.
- We evaluated the assumptions and judgments used by Management to estimate the provision for legal claims, including corroborating the assumptions with internal legal counsel, with the assistance of our tax and environmental specialists, for specific matters we have deemed necessary.
- We evaluated the Company's disclosures for consistency with our knowledge of the Company's legal matters.

## Provision for allocation of PIS and COFINS credits - Refer to note 12.2.1 to the financial statements

## Critical audit matter description

The Company recognized in prior years, as well as in the current year, liabilities to be refunded to customer related to the recovery of PIS and COFINS tax credits. In prior years, the Company considered that the liability was limited to the past ten years, counted from the date of the final and unappealable decision on the lawsuit that recognized the right to such tax credits. Federal Law No. 14,385 was enacted on June 27, 2022, which defines the allocation of mandatory tax amounts that were overpaid by the public electricity distribution service, due to the recognition by the judiciary that ICMS should be excluded from the PIS and COFINS calculation basis. Based on the review of the risk assessment carried out by Management and supported by the opinion of the legal counsel, as a consequence of such new Law enacted during 2022, the Company recognized an additional provision during the current year, referring to the period between the 11 and the 16 year from the date of the final and unappealable decision of the lawsuit.

We identified the provision for allocation of PIS and COFINS credits as a critical audit matter due to the judgements exercised in the assessment of the requirements of the Law No. 14,385 enacted during the current year and the related application of accounting pronouncements to determine the Company's probable obligation to the customers. Performing procedures to audit the provision for allocation of PIS and COFINS credits required a high degree of auditor judgment due to the significant judgement exercised by Management in the assessment of the Law No. 14,385 and the related provision.

## How the critical audit matter was addressed in the audit

Our audit procedures related to the provision for allocation of PIS and COFINS credits included the following, among others:

- We tested the effectiveness of controls related to Management's process to assess and recognize this provision.
- With the assistance of our legal specialists, we:
- -Obtained the legal opinions prepared by the Company's legal specialists (outside legal counsel and the Company's attorneys in charge) with respect to the assessment of the requirements of Federal Law 14.385 and its relationship with the other laws applicable to the matter.
- -Assessed the arguments and judgments presented by the Company and its legal specialists, mainly documented in the legal opinions mentioned before.

- With the assistance of our specialists in technical accounting and audit standards, we assessed the concepts used by Management for the accounting treatment of Federal Law 14,385.
- We assessed whether the disclosures made by Management in the financial statements are appropriate.

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU Auditores Independentes Ltda.

Curitiba, Brazil

April 26, 2023

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016.

Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

## COMPANHIA PARANAENSE DE ENERGIA - COPEL and Subsidiaries

## Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

## As of December 31, 2022 and 2021

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| ASSETS  Note  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  CURRENT ASSETS  Cash and cash equivalents  5  2,678,457  3,472,845  Bonds and securities  6  93  16,121  Collaterals and escrow accounts  157  182  Trade accounts receivable  7  3,342,050  4,433,193  Dividends receivable  138,330  68,162  Sectorial financial assets  8  190,699  383,740  Accounts receivable - concessions  9  8,603  5,121  Contract assets  10  220,660  148,488  Other current receivables  11  897,380  749,816  Inventories  194,850  197,779  Income tax and social contribution receivable  12.3  355,065  151,912  Other current recoverable taxes  12.2  1,239,694  1,508,864  Prepaid expenses  13  60,076  53,649  Receivable from related parties  35  1,135  -  TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS  9,327,249  11,189,872  NONCURRENT ASSETS  Long Term Assets  Bonds and securities  6  430,963  344,937  Other temporary investments  25,619  19,985  Collaterals and escrow accounts  -  142,764  Trade accounts receivable  7  109,819  82,233  Judicial deposits  14  632,458  591,131  Sectorial financial assets  8  190,699  383,740  Accounts receivable - concessions  9  2,269,690  2,261,684  Contract assets  10  7,452,019  6,739,560  Other noncurrent receivables  11  931,452  916,606  Income tax and social contribution receivable  127,824  153,850  Deferred income tax and social contribution  12.1  1,644,299  963,259  Other noncurrent recoverable taxes  12.2  2,627,293  3,143,546  Prepaid expenses  13  10  27  Total long term asset  16,442,145  15,743,322  Investments  15  3,325,731  3,042,134  Property, plant and equipment  16  10,069,468  10,142,591  Intangible assets  17  10,277,727  9,215,560  Right-of-use asset  26  261,380  204,056  Total non current assets  40,376,451  38,347,663  TOTAL ASSETS  49,703,700  49,537,535   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of these financial statements

## COMPANHIA PARANAENSE DE ENERGIA - COPEL and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Financial Position As of December 31, 2022 and 2021

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| LIABILITIES  Note  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Payroll, social charges and accruals  18  252,789  604,810  Accounts payable to suppliers  19  2,090,022  2,585,735  Income tax and social contribution payable  156,191  63,946  Other taxes due  12.2  303,606  440,933  Loans and financing  20  278,838  579,770  Debentures  21  1,346,347  2,144,485  Dividend payable  482,325  330,947  Post-employment benefits  22  73,814  68,836  Sectorial charges payable  23  46,488  198,386  Research and development and Energy efficiency  24  370,244  292,495  Accounts payable related to concession  25  105,003  104,963  Sectorial financial liabilities  8  433,914  139,770  Lease liability  26  64,870  47,240  Other accounts payable  27  601,619  370,383  PIS and Cofins to be refunded to consumers  12.2.1  550,527  7,294  TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES  7,156,597  7,979,993  NONCURRENT LIABILITIES  Accounts payable to suppliers  19  125,448  125,249  Deferred income tax and social contribution  12.1  1,517,682  1,364,828  Other taxes due  12.2  633,491  594,810  Loans and financing  20  4,371,525  3,098,674  Debentures  21  6,457,508  6,003,132  Post-employment benefits  22  996,223  1,226,338  Research and development and Energy efficiency  24  244,514  334,602  Accounts payable related to concession  25  832,539  798,996  Sectorial financial liabilities  8  49,341  153,409  Lease liability  26  208,886  165,494  Other accounts payable  27  645,234  599,909  PIS and Cofins to be refunded to consumers  12.2.1  1,444,631  3,319,501  Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits  12.2.1  1,851,257  -  Provisions for legal claims  28  2,037,599  1,597,365  TOTAL NONCURRENT LIABILITIES  21,415,878  19,382,307  EQUITY  Attributable to controlling shareholders  Capital  29.1  10,800,000  10,800,000  Equity valuation adjustments  29.2  593,382  426,170  Legal reserve  1,512,687  1,457,087  Profit retention reserve  7,911,295  7,785,092  Additional dividends proposed  -  1,368,675  TOTAL EQUITY  20,817,364  21,837,024  Attributable to non-controlling interests  15.2.2  313,861  338,211  TOTAL EQUITY AFTER NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS  21,131,225  22,175,235  TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; EQUITY  49,703,700  49,537,535   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of these financial statements

| Note  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  NET OPERATING REVENUE  30  21,927,721  23,984,287  18,633,249  Operating costs  31  (16,928,407)  (19,119,637)  (13,347,822)  GROSS OPERATING PROFIT  4,999,314  4,864,650  5,285,427  Other operational expenses / income  Selling expenses  31  (186,740)  (194,998)  (159,825)  General and administrative expenses  31  (803,721)  (924,561)  (809,408)  Hydrological Risk Renegotiation - GSF  17.2  -  1,570,543  -  Other operational income (expenses), net  31  (760,631)  (235,910)  (256,475)  Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits  12.2.1  (810,563)  -  -  Equity in earnings of investees  15  478,577  366,314  193,547  Total operational expenses / income  (2,083,078)  581,388  (1,032,161)  PROFIT BEFORE FINANCIAL RESULTS AND TAXES  2,916,236  5,446,038  4,253,266  Financial results  32  Financial income  1,032,837  932,049  895,119  Financial expenses  (1,987,504)  (1,259,410)  (973,397)  Restatement of credits/(provision for destination of credits) of PIS and Cofins  12.2.1  (1,011,370)  -  944,549  Total financial results  (1,966,037)  (327,361)  866,271  OPERATING PROFIT  950,199  5,118,677  5,119,537  INCOME TAX AND SOCIAL CONTRIBUTION  12.3  Current  (429,267)  (469,226)  (1,260,469)  Deferred  628,389  (790,406)  (24,896)  TOTAL INCOME TAX AND SOCIAL CONTRIBUTION  199,122  (1,259,632)  (1,285,365)  NET INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS  1,149,321  3,859,045  3,834,172  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  Net income from discontinued operations  39  -  1,189,557  75,578  NET INCOME  1,149,321  5,048,602  3,909,750  Attributed to shareholders of the parent company arising from continuing operations  1,112,007  3,767,197  3,823,981  Attributed to shareholders of the parent company due to discontinued operations  -  1,185,376  80,221  Attributed to non-controlling shareholders resulting from continuing operations  15.2.2  37,314  96,029  5,548  BASIC AND DILUTED EARNING PER SHARE ATTRIBUTED TO CONTROLLING  SHAREHOLDERS - CONTINUING OPERATIONS - Expressed in Brazilian Reais  29.3  Common shares  0.38839  1.20448  1.33430  Class "A" Preferred shares  0.50343  1.41173  1.76982  Class "B" Preferred shares  0.41745  1.50668  1.46773  BASIC AND DILUTED EARNING PER SHARE  ATTRIBUTED TO CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS - Expressed in Brazilian Reais  29.3  Common shares  0.38839  1.61429  1.36229  Class "A" Preferred shares  0.50343  1.86252  1.80062  Class "B" Preferred shares  0.41745  1.95747  1.49852   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of these financial statements

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| Note  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  NET INCOME  1,149,321  5,048,602  3,909,750  Other comprehensive income  Items that will never be reclassified to profit or loss  Gain (losses) on actuarial liabilities  29.4  Post employment benefits  291,740  246,626  (271,345)  Taxes on other comprehensive income  (88,548)  (93,881)  92,190  Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss  29.4  Adjustments related to financial assets  10,295  -  -  Taxes on other comprehensive income  (3,500)  -  -  Total other comprehensive income, net of taxes  209,987  152,745  (179,155)  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  1,359,308  5,201,347  3,730,595  Attributable to controlling shareholders - continuing operations  1,319,273  3,919,798  3,645,033  Attributable to controlling shareholders - discontinued operations  -  1,185,376  80,221  Attributed to non-controlling shareholders - continuing operations  40,035  96,173  5,341   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of these financial statements

| Attributable to controlling shareholders  Equity valuation  adjustments  Profit reserves  Attributable  Deemed  cost  Other  comprehensive  income  Legal reserve  Profit  retention  reserve  Additional  proposed  dividends  Accumulated  profit  to non -  Shareholders' controlling  Equity  Note  Capital  equity  interests  Consolidated  Balance as of January 1, 2020  10,800,000  739,994  (148,067)  1,014,248  4,846,239  -  -  17,252,414  345,798  17,598,212  Net Income  -  -  -  -  -  -  3,904,202  3,904,202  5,548  3,909,750  Other comprehensive income  Actuarial losses, net of taxes  29.4  -  -  (178,948)  -  -  -  -  (178,948)  (207)  (179,155)  Total comprehensive income  -  -  (178,948)  -  -  -  3,904,202  3,725,254  5,341  3,730,595  Realization - deemed cost, net of taxes  29.4  -  (59,630)  -  -  -  -  59,630  -  -  -  Deliberation of additional dividends proposed  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (51,799)  (51,799)  Allocation proposed to AGM:  Legal reserve  -  -  -  195,210  -  -  (195,210)  -  -  -  Interest on equity (JSCP)  29.3  -  -  -  -  -  -  (807,500)  (807,500)  -  (807,500)  Additional dividends proposed from the non-capitalized earning reserve  29.3  -  -  -  - (1,507,449)  1,507,449  -  -  -  -  Dividends  29.3  -  -  -  -  -  -  (211,057)  (211,057)  (7,933)  (218,990)  Profit retention reserve  -  -  -  -  2,750,065  -  (2,750,065)  -  -  -  Balance as of December 31, 2020  10,800,000  680,364  (327,015)  1,209,458  6,088,855  1,507,449  -  19,959,111  291,407  20,250,518  Net income  -  -  -  -  -  -  4,952,573  4,952,573  96,029  5,048,602  Other comprehensive income  Actuarial gain, net of taxes  29.4  -  -  152,601  -  -  -  -  152,601  144  152,745  Total comprehensive income  -  -  152,601  -  -  -  4,952,573  5,105,174  96,173  5,201,347  Realization - deemed cost, net of taxes  29.4  -  (46,575)  -  -  -  -  46,575  -  -  -  Realization of actuarial liabilities - divestment of Copel Telecom  29.4  (33,205)  33,205  Deliberation of additional dividends proposed  -  -  -  -  -  (1,507,449)  -  (1,507,449)  (32,638)  (1,540,087)  Allocation proposed to Annual General Meeting - AGM:  Legal reserve  -  -  -  247,629  -  -  (247,629)  -  -  -  Interest on equity (JSCP)  29.3  -  -  -  -  (283,173)  -  (239,636)  (522,809)  -  (522,809)  Dividends  29.3  -  -  -  -  -  1,368,675  (2,565,678)  (1,197,003)  (16,731)  (1,213,734)  Profit retention reserve  -  -  -  -  1,946,205  -  (1,946,205)  -  -  -  Balance as of December 31, 2021  10,800,000  633,789  (207,619)  1,457,087  7,785,092  1,368,675  -  21,837,024  338,211  22,175,235  Net income  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,112,007  1,112,007  37,314  1,149,321  Other comprehensive income  Actuarial gain, net of taxes  29.4  -  -  202,509  -  -  -  -  202,509  683  203,192  Adjustments related to financial assets  29.4  -  -  4,757  -  -  -  -  4,757  2,038  6,795  Total comprehensive income  -  -  207,266  -  -  -  1,112,007  1,319,273  40,035  1,359,308  Realization - deemed cost, net of taxes  29.4  -  (36,513)  -  -  -  -  36,513  -  -  -  Realization - actuarial gain  29.4  -  -  (3,541)  -  3,541  -  -  -  -  -  Deliberation of additional dividends proposed  29.3  -  -  -  -  -  (1,368,675)  -  (1,368,675)  -  (1,368,675)  Dividends and Interest on equity (JSCP)  29.3  -  -  -  -  (891,000)  -  (79,000)  (970,000)  (40,198)  (1,010,198)  Allocation proposed to Annual General Meeting - AGM:  Legal reserve  -  -  -  55,600  -  -  (55,600)  -  -  -  Dividends  29.3  -  -  -  -  -  -  (258)  (258)  (24,187)  (24,445)  Profit retention reserve  -  -  -  -  1,013,662  -  (1,013,662)  -  -  -  Balance as of December 31, 2022  10,800,000  597,276  (3,894)  1,512,687  7,911,295  -  -  20,817,364  313,861  21,131,225   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of these financial statements

| Note  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES  Net income from continuing operations  1,149,321  3,859,045  3,834,172  Net income from discontinued operations  -  1,189,557  75,578  Net income  1,149,321  5,048,602  3,909,750  Adjustments to reconcile net income for the period with cash generation from operating  activities:  Unrealized monetary and exchange variation and debt charges - net  1,314,407  622,680  456,456  Interest - bonus from the grant of concession agreements under the quota system  9.3  (118,439)  (134,482)  (94,307)  Remuneration of transmission concession contracts  10.3  (769,248)  (1,084,986)  (777,670)  Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits  12.2.1  1,821,933  (21,640)  (1,755,112)  Income tax and social contribution  12.3  429,267  469,226  1,260,469  Deferred income tax and social contribution  12.3  (628,389)  790,406  24,896  Equity in earnings of investees  15.1  (478,577)  (303,137)  (193,547)  Appropriation of post-employment benefits obligations  22.4  268,171  246,812  224,478  Creation for research and development and energy efficiency programs  24.1  156,690  194,016  148,019  Recognition of fair value of assets from the indemnity for the concession  30  (89,941)  (142,642)  (57,341)  Sectorial financial assets and liabilities result  30  (1,847,863)  (2,502,324)  (746,052)  Depreciation and amortization  31  1,300,982  1,082,539  1,009,912  Net operating estimated losses, provisions and reversals  31.4  831,216  240,787  237,294  Result do Hydrological Risk Renegotiation - GSF  17.2  -  (1,570,543)  -  Realization of added value in business combinations  10.3  (721)  (722)  (722)  Fair value in energy purchase and sale operations  30.1 and 31.1  (32,748)  35,818  (137,463)  Derivatives fair value  32  2,907  20,401  (24,511)  Loss on disposal of accounts receivable related to concession  26,703  20  144  Loss on disposal of contract assets  10.1  8,829  7,155  35,590  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  16.2  42,841  40,305  5,195  Loss on disposal of intangible assets  17  55,177  30,623  52,811  Result of write-offs of use rights of assets and liabilities of leases - net  26.1 and 26.2  (79)  (177)  (314)  Net income for the period from discontinued operations  39  -  (1,189,557)  -  Total  3,442,439  1,879,180  3,577,975  Decrease (increase) in assets  Trade accounts receivable  1,628,696  (210,965)  (175,049)  Dividends and interest on own capital received  67,732  82,937  53,952  CRC transferred to the Government of the State of Paraná  -  1,646,614  300,025  Judicial deposits  575  (87,866)  16,729  Sectorial financial assets  966,466  1,509,802  979,642  Other receivables  62,369  (129,814)  (13,898)  Inventories  2,929  (30,699)  (40,035)  Income tax and social contribution recoverable  (498,961)  (267,179)  123,582  Other taxes recoverable  264,048  (64,130)  74,125  Prepaid expenses  (6,410)  (16,621)  (3,473)  Related parties  (1,135)  -  -  Total  2,486,309  2,432,079  1,315,600  Increase (decrease) in liabilities  Payroll, social charges and accruals  (190,627)  17,224  347,002  Related parties  -  -  -  Suppliers  (504,362)  (53,298)  292,108  Other taxes  892,002  834,358  (79,053)  Post-employment benefits  22.4  (201,566)  (198,626)  (197,143)  Sectorial charges due  (151,898)  164,674  5,204  Research and development and energy efficiency  24.1  (203,673)  (246,744)  (153,729)  Payable related to the concession  25.1  (106,370)  (88,430)  (74,931)  Other accounts payable  105,631  21,828  117,610  Provisions for legal claims  28.1  (242,212)  (207,877)  (167,316)  Total  (603,075)  243,109  89,752  CASH GENERATED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES  5,325,673  4,554,368  4,983,327  Income tax and social contribution paid  (174,295)  (659,318)  (636,420)  Loans and financing - interest due and paid  20.3  (337,455)  (193,421)  (183,391)  Debentures - interest due and paid  21.2  (890,123)  (343,903)  (386,281)  Charges for lease liabilities paid  26.2  (21,151)  (6,514)  (6,679)  NET CASH GENERATED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES FROM  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  3,902,649  3,351,212  3,770,556  NET CASH GENERATED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES FROM  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  39  -  35,620  170,288  NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  3,902,649  3,386,832  3,940,844   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(continued)

| Note  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES  Financial investments  67,157  (54,120)  (48,238)  Additions to contract assets  (1,923,558)  (1,482,785)  (1,236,999)  Acquisitions of subsidiaries - effect on cash  1.1.1  (18,031)  (501,886)  -  Additions in investments  15.1  (4,829)  (30,970)  (72,439)  Capital reduction of investees  15.1  61,536  -  228  Additions to property, plant and equipment  (535,542)  (338,137)  (226,325)  Additions to intangible assets  17.3 and 17.4  (421,729)  (4,546)  (10,225)  NET CASH USED BY INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES  FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS  (2,774,996)  (2,412,444)  (1,593,998)  NET CASH GENERATED BY INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES  FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  39  -  2,444,352  (73,573)  NET CASH GENERATED (USED) FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  (2,774,996)  31,908  (1,667,571)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Loans and financing obtained from third parties  20.3  1,891,954  134,313  263,000  Transaction costs of loans and financing obtained from third parties  20.3  (19,781)  (1,647)  -  Issue of debentures  21.2  1,500,000  3,000,000  -  Transaction costs in the issuing of debentures  21.2  (14,445)  (35,030)  -  Payments of principal - loans and financing  20.3  (1,000,319)  (202,577)  (248,863)  Payments of principal - debentures  21.2  (2,051,481)  (1,852,048)  (1,036,490)  Amortization of principal of lease liabilities  26.2  (60,200)  (51,270)  (46,365)  Dividends and interest on own capital paid  (2,167,769)  (3,874,318)  (626,357)  NET CASH USED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES  FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS  (1,922,041)  (2,882,577)  (1,695,075)  NET CASH USED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES  FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  39  -  (1,850)  (20,038)  NET CASH USED FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (1,922,041)  (2,884,427)  (1,715,113)  TOTAL EFFECTS ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (794,388)  534,313  558,160  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period  5  3,472,845  3,222,768  2,941,727  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  5  2,678,457  3,472,845  3,222,768  Cash and cash equivalents variations from discontinued operations  39  -  284,236  277,119  CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (794,388)  534,313  558,160   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of these financial statements

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 1. Operations

Companhia Paranaense de Energia (Copel, Company), with its head office located at Rua José Izidoro Biazetto, 158, bloco A, Curitiba - State of Paraná, is a publiclyheld mixed capital company controlled by the State of Paraná and its shares are traded at Corporate Governance Level 2 of the Special Listing Segments of B3 S.A. Brasil, Bolsa Balcão Stock Exchange and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and on the Madrid Stock Exchange, in the Latin American segment (Latibex).

The core activities of Copel and its subsidiaries, which are regulated by the Brazilian Electricity Regulatory Agency (Aneel), linked to the Brazilian Ministry of Mines and Energy (MME), are to carry out research, study, plan, build and explore the production, transformation, transport, distribution and trading of energy, in any of its forms, mainly electricity. Furthermore, Copel participates in consortiums, in private sector and mixed-capital companies for the purpose of engaging in activities, mainly in areas of energy and natural gas.

On November 24, 2022, Law 21,272 of the State of Paraná authorized the transformation of Copel into a company with dispersed capital and no controlling shareholder ('Corporation')  through  a  secondary  public  offering  of  shares  and/or  Units  issued  by  the  Company  and  owned  by  Controller.  On  December  21,  2022,  with  legal authorization, the Board of Directors of Copel approved studies to enable the full renewal of the Concessions of Hydroelectric Power Plants Governador Bento Munhoz da  Rocha  Netto,  Governador  Ney  Braga  and  Governador  José  Richa  and  to  analyze  fundraising  alternatives  for  the  payment  of  the  respective  granting  bonuses, estimated at R$3,719,428 as per Interministerial Ordinance of the Brazilian Ministry of Mines and Energy and Ministry of Finance - MME/MF No. 01, dated March 30, 2023. The transformation of Copel into a 'Corporation' will allow, under the terms of Law 9074/95, to maintain 100% of the Company's interest in the plants. On January 31, 2023, the Board of Directors of Copel approved hiring specialized consultants and technical advisors to assist in the studies and structuring of an eventual offering.

## 1.1 Copel's equity interests

Copel has direct and indirect interests in subsidiaries (1.1.1), joint ventures (1.1.2), associates (1.1.3) and joint operations (1.1.4). Until December 31, 2022, there were no changes, acquisitions and disposals in relation to the equity interests of December 31, 2021. On October 6, 2022, Copel GeT entered into an agreement for the acquisition of the Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo and Aventura Wind Complexes, and the operation was concluded on January 30, 2023, according to Note 40.1.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 1.1.1 Subsidiaries

| Headquarters  Main activity  Interest  Subsidiaries  %  Investor  Copel Geração e Transmissão S.A. (Copel GeT)  Curitiba/PR  Production and transmission of electricity  100.0  Copel  Copel Distribuição S.A. (Copel DIS) (a)  Curitiba/PR  Distribution of electricity  100.0  Copel  Copel Serviços S.A. (Copel SER)  Curitiba/PR  Production of electricity  100.0  Copel  Copel Comercialização S.A. (Copel COM)  Curitiba/PR  Commercialization of electricity  100.0  Copel  Companhia Paranaense de Gás - Compagás  Curitiba/PR  Distribution of pipeline gas  51.0  Copel  Elejor - Centrais Elétricas do Rio Jordão S.A.  Curitiba/PR  Production of electricity  70.0  Copel  UEG Araucária S.A. (UEGA)  Curitiba/PR  Production of electricity from natural gas  20.3  Copel  60.9  Copel GeT  São Bento Energia, Investimentos e Participações S.A. (São Bento)  Curitiba/PR  Control and management of interests  100.0  Copel GeT  Nova Asa Branca I Energias Renováveis S.A.  S. Miguel do Gostoso/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Nova Asa Branca II Energias Renováveis S.A.  Parazinho/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Nova Asa Branca III Energias Renováveis S.A.  Parazinho/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Nova Eurus IV Energias Renováveis S.A.  Touros/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Santa Maria Energias Renováveis S.A.  Maracanaú/CE  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Santa Helena Energias Renováveis S.A.  Maracanaú/CE  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Ventos de Santo Uriel S.A.  João Câmara/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Cutia Empreendimentos Eólicos S.A. (Cutia)  Curitiba/PR  Control and management of interests  100.0  Copel GeT  Brownfield Investment Holding Ltda. (Brownfield)  Curitiba/PR  Control and management of interests  100.0  Copel GeT  Ventos de Serra do Mel B S.A.(Serra do Mel)  Serra do Mel/RN  Control and management of interests  68.84  Copel GeT  31.16  Brownfield  Costa Oeste Transmissora de Energia S.A.  Curitiba/PR  Transmission of electricity  100.0  Copel GeT  Marumbi Transmissora de Energia S.A.  Curitiba/PR  Transmission of electricity  100.0  Copel GeT  Uirapuru Transmissora de Energia S.A  Curitiba/PR  Transmission of electricity  100.0  Copel GeT  Bela Vista Geração de Energia S.A.  Curitiba/PR  Production of electricity  100.0  Copel GeT  F.D.A. Geração de Energia Elétrica S.A. (FDA)  Curitiba/PR  Production of electricity  100.0  Copel GeT  Jandaíra I Energias Renováveis S.A.  Curitiba/PR  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Jandaíra II Energias Renováveis S.A.  Curitiba/PR  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Jandaíra III Energias Renováveis S.A.  Curitiba/PR  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Jandaíra IV Energias Renováveis S.A.  Curitiba/PR  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  Eol Potiguar B61 SPE S.A. (b)  Serra do Mel/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Copel GeT  GE Olho D'Água S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  São Bento  GE Boa Vista S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  São Bento  GE Farol S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  São Bento  GE São Bento do Norte S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  São Bento  Central Geradora Eólica São Bento do Norte I S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Central Geradora Eólica São Bento do Norte II S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Central Geradora Eólica São Bento do Norte III S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Central Geradora Eólica São Miguel I S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Central Geradora Eólica São Miguel II S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Central Geradora Eólica São Miguel III S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Usina de Energia Eólica Guajiru S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Usina de Energia Eólica Jangada S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Usina de Energia Eólica Potiguar S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Usina de Energia Eólica Cutia S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Usina de Energia Eólica Maria Helena S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Usina de Energia Eólica Esperança do Nordeste S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Usina de Energia Eólica Paraíso dos Ventos do Nordeste S.A.  São Bento do Norte/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Cutia  Eol Potiguar B141 SPE S.A.  Serra do Mel/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Serra do Mel  Eol Potiguar B142 SPE S.A.  Serra do Mel/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Serra do Mel  Eol Potiguar B143 SPE S.A.  Serra do Mel/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Serra do Mel  Eol Ventos de Vila Paraíba IV SPE S.A.  Serra do Mel/RN  Production of electricity from wind sources  100.0  Serra do Mel   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) On May 19, 2022, the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (CVM) granted the registration of Copel DIS as a publicly-held company in category 'B'.

(b) Wind farm with 99.99992% interest in Copel Get and 0.00008% in Brownfield.

## Vilas Wind Complex

On November 30, 2021, the Company concluded the acquisition of 100% of the Vilas Wind Complex and preliminarily measured the fair value of the identified assets acquired and the liabilities assumed on the acquisition date.

In  September 30, 2022, the provisional amounts of the business combination were revised. The following table presents the fair value of the net assets acquired, updated after the final adjustments of the business combination:

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| Adjusted  Fair value  Fair value at the  book value (a)  adjustment  acquisition date  Assets identified  901,059  301,102  1,202,161  Cash and cash equivalents  76,350  -  76,350  Bonds and securities  13,236  -  13,236  Trade accounts receivable  23,585  -  23,585  Other receivables  341  -  341  Income tax and social contribution  476  -  476  Other recoverable taxes  64  -  64  Prepaid expenses  24  -  24  Property, plant and equipment  754,557  -  754,557  Intangible assets  10,275  301,102  311,377  Right-of-use asset  22,151  -  22,151  Liabilities assumed  605,893  102,375  708,268  Suppliers  11,229  -  11,229  Income tax and social contribution  117  -  117  Other taxes due  2,905  -  2,905  Deferred income tax and social contribution  3,191  102,375  105,566  Loans and financing  539,671  -  539,671  Lease liability  22,379  -  22,379  Other accounts payable  26,401  -  26,401  Net assets acquired  295,166  198,727  493,893   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Book value of investees adjusted to the Company's practices before the allocation of fair value in the business combination.

The table below shows the variation in amounts in relation to the preliminary values recognized on November 30, 2021, and the final amounts updated on December 31, 2022:

| Preliminary value  Adjustments  Final value  Consideration amount  597,684  (1,416)  596,268  (-) Fair value of net assets acquired  503,463  (9,570)  493,893  Goodwill  94,221  8,154  102,375   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The revision of the provisional values of the business combination had impact on the measurement of capital gain and goodwill totaling R$8,154. Considering that the adjustments are not material to the Financial Statements, with no impact on the Company's results, the balances of December 31, 2021, are not being restated. Of the total paid for the operation, R$578,236 were disbursed in November 2021 and the remaining balance, R$18,031, during the year 2022

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 1.1.2 Joint Ventures

| Joint ventures  Headquarters  Main activity  Interest  %  Investor  Voltalia São Miguel do Gostoso I Participações S.A.  São Paulo/SP  Interests in companies  49.0  Copel  Solar Paraná GD Participações S.A. (a)  Curitiba/PR  Interests in companies  49.0  Copel  Caiuá Transmissora de Energia S.A.  Rio de Janeiro/RJ  Transmission of electricity  49.0  Copel GeT  Integração Maranhense Transmissora de Energia S.A.  Rio de Janeiro/RJ  Transmission of electricity  49.0  Copel GeT  Matrinchã Transmissora de Energia (TP NORTE) S.A.  Rio de Janeiro/RJ  Transmission of electricity  49.0  Copel GeT  Guaraciaba Transmissora de Energia (TP SUL) S.A.  Rio de Janeiro/RJ  Transmission of electricity  49.0  Copel GeT  Paranaíba Transmissora de Energia S.A.  Rio de Janeiro/RJ  Transmission of electricity  24.5  Copel GeT  Mata de Santa Genebra Transmissão S.A.  Jundiaí/SP  Transmission of electricity  50.1  Copel GeT  Cantareira Transmissora de Energia S.A.  Rio de Janeiro/RJ  Transmission of electricity  49.0  Copel GeT   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Holding  of  6  Special  Purpose  Entities  (SPEs)  operating  in  the  distributed  generation  sector  (photovoltaic  plants):  Pharma  Solar  II,  Pharma  Solar  III,  Pharma  Solar  IV,  in  commercial  operation,  and Bandeirantes Solar I, Bandeirantes Solar II and Bandeirantes Solar III, in pre-operating stage.

## 1.1.3 Associates

| Associated companies  Headquarters  Main activity  Interest  %  Investor  Dona Francisca Energética S.A.  Agudo/RS  Production of electricity  23.03  Copel  Foz do Chopim Energética Ltda.  Curitiba/PR  Production of electricity  35.77  Copel GeT  Carbocampel S.A.  Figueira/PR  Coal exploration  49.0  Copel   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1.1.4 Joint operations (consortiums)

The Company has interests in  some  joint  operations.  The  two  relevant  consortiums,  with  amounts  recorded  in  the  Company's  property,  plant  and  equipment,  are presented in Note 16.3.

## 2. Concessions and Authorizations

## 2.1 Concession contracts or authorizations obtained by Copel

| Concession agreement / authorization of the equity  Interest %  Maturity  Copel DIS  Contract 046/1999, extended by 5th addendum to the contract  100  07.07.2045  Elejor  Contract 125/2001 - HPP Fundão  70  06.11.2040  Contract 125/2001 - HPP Santa Clara  05.10.2040  Authorization - SHP Fundão I and SHP Santa Clara I - 753/2002 and 757/2002  12.19.2032  Dona Francisca Energética  Contract 188/1998 - HPP Dona Francisca  23  09.21.2037  UEG Araucária  Authorization 351/1999  - TPP Araucária (60.9% Copel GET)  20.3  12.23.2029  Compagás (2.1.1)  Concession gas distribution contract  51  07.06.2054  Usina de Energia Eólica São João S.A. (a)  MME Ordinance 173 /2012 - WPP São João  49  03.26.2047  Usina de Energia Eólica Carnaúba S.A. (a)  MME Ordinance 204 /2012 - WPP Carnaúbas  49  04.09.2047  Usina de Energia Eólica Reduto S.A. (a)  MME Ordinance 230 /2012 - WPP Reduto  49  04.16.2047  Usina de Energia Eólica Santo Cristo S.A. (a)  MME Ordinance 233/2012 - WPP Santo Cristo  49  04.18.2047   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Subsidiaries of Voltalia São Miguel do Gostoso I Participações S.A.

Hydroelectric Power Plant - HPP

Small Hydroelectric Plant - SHP

Thermal Power Plant - TPP

Wind Power Plant - WPP

## 2.1.1 Compagas

Compagas has a service concession arrangement signed with the Granting Authority, the State of Paraná, effective for 30 years as of July 6, 1994, extended for the same period as of the ending date of the original term, based on article 16 of the State Supplementary Law No. 205/2017. Therefore, the final term of the arrangement was extended to July 6, 2054.

## COMPANHIA PARANAENSE DE ENERGIA - COPEL and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The main requirements for concession renewal, among others, are: adoption of the price-cap regulation model; remuneration based on the weighted average cost of capital  (WACC),  initially  at  9.125%  p.a.;  definition  of  the  initial  Net  Regulatory  Remuneration  Base  (BRRL)  contemplating  the  assets  not  amortized  in  the  current concession, the granting bonus, offset against regulatory liabilities; total estimated Capex of R$2.5 billion to be realized over 30 years; tariff adjustment based on Brazil's Extended Consumer Price Index (IPCA) variations. The new arrangement was signed on December 26, 2022 and the service concession was extended upon payment of a R$508,000 grant bonus through offsetting of concessionaire credits referring to  the  previous  service  concession  arrangement  in  the  amount  of  R$98,000  and financial disbursement of R$410,000 in December 2022.

As a result of this process, the accounts receivable related to concessions was transferred to intangible assets, where the consideration for the grant bonus was also recorded, as shown in Notes 9.2 and 17.3.

## 2.2 Concession contracts or authorizations obtained by Copel Get and its investees

| Copel GeT  Interest %  Maturity  ONEROUS CONCESSION BY THE USE OF PUBLIC PROPERTY  - UBP  Generation Concession Contract 001/2007  - HPP Gov. Jayme Canet Júnior (Mauá)  51  05.27.2047  Generation Concession Contract 001/2011  - HPP Colíder  100  01.30.2046  Authorization - Ordinance 133/2011  - SHP Cavernoso II  100  12.06.2050  Generation Concession Contract 002/2012  - HPP Baixo Iguaçu  30  12.03.2049  Generation Concession Contract 007/2013  HPP Apucaraninha  100  01.27.2027  HPP Chaminé  100  08.02.2028  HPP Derivação do Rio Jordão  100  06.21.2032  HPP Cavernoso  100  06.23.2033  PUBLIC SERVICE CONCESSIONS  Generation Concession Contract 045/1999  TPP Figueira (Note 34.2.6)  100  03.27.2019  HPP São Jorge (Note 34.2.6)  100  07.24.2026  HPP Gov. Ney Aminthas de Barros Braga (Segredo)  100  09.25.2032  HPP Gov. José Richa (Salto Caxias)  100  03.20.2033  Generation Concession Contract 001/2020  UHE Guaricana  100  07.21.2028  Authorization - Resolution 278/1999  - WPP Palmas  100  09.29.2029  Dispatch 182/2002 -  Hydroeletric Generating Plant - HGP Melissa, HGP Pitangui and  HGP Salto do Vau  (only register with ANEEL)  100  -  Generation Concession Contract 003/2016 - HPP Gov. Pedro Viriato Parigot de Souza (GPS)  100  01.03.2053  HPP Marumbi -  Power generating plant registration: CGH. PH. PR. 001501-6.02  100  -  Authorization Aneel 5,373/2015  - HGP Chopim I  (only register with ANEEL)  100  -  Concession agreement / authorization of the equity  UEG Araucária  Authorization 351/1999  - TPP Araucária (20,3% - Copel)  60.9  12.23.2029  Nova Asa Branca I  MME Ordinance 267/2011 - WPP Asa Branca I  100  04.25.2046  Nova Asa Branca II  MME Ordinance 333/2011 - WPP Asa Branca II  100  05.31.2046  Nova Asa Branca III  MME Ordinance 334/2011 - WPP Asa Branca III  100  05.31.2046  Nova Eurus IV  MME Ordinance 273/2011 -WPP Eurus IV  100  04.27.2046  Santa Maria  MME Ordinance 274/2012 - WPP SM  100  05.08.2047  Santa Helena  MME Ordinance 207/2012 - WPP Santa Helena  100  04.09.2047  Ventos de Santo Uriel  MME Ordinance 201/2012 - WPP Santo Uriel  100  04.09.2047  GE Boa Vista  MME Ordinance 276 /2011 - WPP Dreen Boa Vista  100  04.28.2046  GE Farol  MME Ordinance 263 /2011 - WPP Farol  100  04.20.2046  GE Olho D'Água  MME Ordinance 343 /2011 - WPP Dreen Olho D'Água  100  06.01.2046  GE São Bento do Norte  MME Ordinance 310 /2011 - WPP Dreen São Bento do Norte  100  05.19.2046  Esperança do Nordeste  MME Ordinance 183/2015 - WPP Esperança do Nordeste  100  05.11.2050  Paraíso dos Ventos do Nordeste  MME Ordinance 182/2015 - WPP Paraíso dos Ventos do Nordeste  100  05.11.2050  Usina de Energia Eólica Jangada  Resolution 3,257/2011 - WPP GE Jangada  100  01.05.2042  Maria Helena  Resolution 3,259/2011 - WPP GE Maria Helena  100  01.05.2042  Usina de Energia Eólica Potiguar  MME Ordinance 179/2015 - WPP Potiguar  100  05.11.2050  Usina de Energia Eólica Guajiru  Resolution 3,256/2011 - WPP Dreen Guajiru  100  01.05.2042  Usina de Energia Eólica Cutia  Resolution 3,258/2011 - WPP Dreen Cutia  100  01.05.2042  São Bento do Norte I  Ordinance 349/2015 - WPP São Bento do Norte I  100  08.04.2050  São Bento do Norte II  Ordinance 348/2015 - WPP São Bento do Norte II  100  08.04.2050  São Bento do Norte III  Ordinance 347/2015 - WPP São Bento do Norte III  100  08.04.2050  São Miguel I  Ordinance 352/2015 - WPP São Miguel I  100  08.04.2050  São MigueI lI  Ordinance 351/2015 - WPP São Miguel II  100  08.04.2050  São Miguel III  Ordinance 350/2015 - WPP São Miguel III  100  08.04.2050  Foz do Chopim  Authorization 114/2000 - SHP Arturo Andreoli  35.77  08.15.2032  SHP Bela Vista (Note 16.5.1)  Resolution 913/2017 - transfer of title under  Resolution 7,802/2019  100  01.02.2041  F.D.A. Electricity Generation (Note 34.2.6)  Generation Concession Contract contract 002/2020  100  12.21.2024  Jandaíra I Energias Renováveis (Note 16.5.2)  Ordinance 140/2020 - WPP Jandaíra I  100  04.02.2055  Jandaíra II Energias Renováveis (Note 16.5.2)  Ordinance 141/2020 - WPP Jandaíra II  100  04.02.2055  Jandaíra III Energias Renováveis (Note 16.5.2)  Ordinance 142/2020 - WPP Jandaíra III  100  04.02.2055  Jandaíra IV Energias Renováveis (Note 16.5.2)  Ordinance 139/2020 - WPP Jandaíra IV  100  04.02.2055  EOL Potiguar B 141 SPE S.A.  Ordinance 02/2019 - WPP Vila Maranhão I  100  01.11.2054  EOL Potiguar B 142 SPE S.A.  Ordinance 12/2019 - WPP Vila Maranhão II  100  01.14.2054  EOL Potiguar B 143 SPE S.A.  Ordinance 13/2019 - WPP Vila Maranhão III  100  01.14.2054  EOL Potiguar B  61 SPE S.A.  Ordinance 453/2019 - WPP Ventos de Vila Mato Grosso I  100  12.06.2054  Ventos de Vila Paraíba IV SPE S.A  Ordinance 10/2019 - WPP Vila Ceará I  100  01.14.2054   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Copel GeT  Interest %  Maturity  Next tariff  review  Transmission lines and substations concession agreements  Contract 060/2001  - Transmission facilities (sundry Transmission lines and Substations) - extended by the 3 additive term  100  01.01.2043  2023  Contract 075/2001  - Transmission line 230 kV Bateias - Jaguariaíva  100  08.17.2031  (a)  Contract 006/2008  - Transmission line 230 kV Bateias - Pilarzinho  100  03.17.2038  2023  Contract 027/2009  - Transmission line 525 kV Foz do Iguaçu - Cascavel Oeste  100  11.19.2039  2025  Contract 010/2010  - Transmission line 500 kV Araraquara II - Taubaté  100  10.06.2040  2026  Contract 015/2010  - Substation Cerquilho III 230/138 kV  100  10.06.2040  2026  Contract 022/2012  - Transmission line 230 kV Londrina - Figueira and Transmission line 230 kV Foz do Chopim - Salto Osório  100  08.27.2042  2023  Contract 002/2013  - Transmission line 230 kV Assis - Paraguaçu Paulista II e Substation Paraguaçu Paulista II 230 kV  100  02.25.2043  2023  Contract 005/2014  - Transmission line 230 kV Bateias - Curitiba Norte e Substation Curitiba Norte 230/138 kV  100  01.29.2044  2024  Contract 021/2014  - Transmission line 230 kV Foz do Chopim - Realeza e Substation Realeza 230/138 kV  100  09.05.2044  2025  Contract 022/2014  - Transmission line 500 kV Assis - Londrina  100  09.05.2044  2025  Contract 006/2016  - Transmission line 525 kV Curitiba Leste - Blumenau  100  04.07.2046  2026  Contract 006/2016 - Transmission line 230 kV Baixo Iguaçu - Realeza  Contract 006/2016 - Transmission line 230 kV Curitiba Centro - Uberaba  Contract 006/2016 - Substation Medianeira 230/138 kV  Contract 006/2016 - Substation Curitiba Centro 230/138 kV  Contract 006/2016 - Substation Andirá Leste 230/138 kV  Concession agreement / authorization of the equity  Costa Oeste Transmissora  Contract 001/2012:  100  01.12.2042  2027  Transmission line 230 kV Cascavel Oeste - Umuarama  Substation Umuarama 230/138 kV  Caiuá Transmissora  Contract 007/2012:  49  05.10.2042  2027  Transmission line 230 kV Umuarama - Guaíra  Transmission line 230 kV Cascavel Oeste - Cascavel Norte  Substation Santa Quitéria 230/138/13,8 kV  Substation Cascavel Norte 230/138/13,8 kV  Marumbi Transmissora  Contract 008/2012:  100  05.10.2042  2027  Transmission line 525 kV Curitiba - Curitiba Leste  Substation Curitiba Leste 525/230 kV  Integração Maranhense  Contract 011/2012:  Transmission line 500 Kv Açailândia - Miranda II  49  05.10.2042  2027  Matrinchã Transmissora  Contract 012/2012:  49  05.10.2042  2027  Transmission line 500 kV Paranaíta - Cláudia  Transmission line 500 kV Cláudia - Paranatinga  Transmission line 500 kV Paranatinga - Ribeirãozinho  Substation Paranaíta 500 kV  Substation Cláudia 500 kV  Substation Paranatinga 500 kV  Guaraciaba Transmissora  Contract 013/2012:  49  05.10.2042  2027  Transmission line 500 kV Ribeirãozinho - Rio Verde Norte  Transmission line 500 kV Rio Verde Norte - Marimbondo II  Substation Marimbondo II 500 kV  Paranaíba Transmissora  Contract 007/2013:  24.5  05.02.2043  2023  Transmission line 500 kV Barreiras II - Rio das Éguas  Transmission line 500 kV Rio das Éguas - Luziânia  Transmission line 500 kV Luziânia - Pirapora 2  Mata de Santa Genebra  Contract 001/2014:  50.1  05.14.2044  2024  Transmission line 500 kV Itatiba - Bateias  Transmission line 500 kV Araraquara 2 - Itatiba  Transmission line 500 kV Araraquara 2 - Fernão Dias  Substation Santa Bárbara D ́Oeste 440 kV  Substation Itatiba 500 kV  Substation Fernão Dias 500/440 kV  Cantareira Transmissora  Contract 019/2014:  Transmission line Estreito - Fernão Dias  49  09.05.2044  2025  Uirapuru Transmissora  Contract 002/2005:  Transmission line 525 kV Ivaiporã - Londrina  100  03.04.2035  (a)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Do not undergo tariff review and RAP reduces to 50% in the 16 year.

## 3. Basis of Preparation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards  (IFRS)  issued  by  the  International Accounting Standards Board, IASB.

Executive Board declares that all relevant information specific to consolidated financial statements, and only those, are being evidenced and correspond to those used in management.

The issuance of these consolidated financial statements was authorized by the Board of Directors on April 26, 2023.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 3.1 Functional and presentation currency

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Brazilian Reais, which is the functional and presentation currency of the Company. Balances herein have been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise indicated.

## 3.2 Basis of measurement

The consolidated financial statements were prepared based on the historical cost, except for certain financial instruments and investments measured at fair value, as described in the respective accounting policies and notes.

## 3.3 Use of estimates and judgments

In the preparation of these consolidated financial statements, Management used judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses of the Company. Actual results may differ from those estimates.

Estimates and assumptions are reviewed on a continuous basis. The revisions to the estimates are recognized prospectively.

## 3.3.1 Judgments

The Notes below are those containing information about judgments made in applying of accounting policies with significant impacts on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements:

- Notes 4.1 and 15 - Basis of consolidation and Investments: assessment of the existence of control and significant influence;
- Note 4.2 - Financial instruments: definition of the category of financial instruments.

## 3.3.2 Uncertainties over assumptions and estimates

The  Notes  below  are  those  containing  information  about  the  main  assumptions  regarding  the  future  and  other  main  sources  of  uncertainty  in  estimates  with  a reasonable possibility of leading to significant adjustments in the values of assets and liabilities in the next financial year:

- Notes 4.3 and 8 - Sectorial financial assets and liabilities: forecast of values that will be included in the tariff review process;
- Notes 4.4 and 9 - Accounts receivable related to the concession: forecast of cash flows and the indemnifiable balance of the concession contracts;
- Notes 4.5 and 10 - Contract assets: definition of the contract remuneration rate, allocation of price to performance obligations and forecast of cash flows;
- Notes 4.8 and 16 - Property, plant and equipment: estimated useful life of assets;
- Notes 4.9 and 17 - Intangible assets: estimated useful life of assets;
- Notes 4.10.1 and 7.3 - Expected Credit Losses: estimate of amounts that will not be received;

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

- Notes 4.10.2 and 16.4 - Impairment of assets: definition of assumptions, determination of the discount rate and forecast of cash flows;
- Notes 4.11 and 28 - Provisions for litigation and contingent liabilities: estimated losses on legal claims;
- Notes 4.11 and 12.2.1 - Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits: assessment of amounts that may be required to be refunded to consumers;
- Note 4.12 - Revenue recognition: estimate of unbilled amounts and construction margin;
- Note 4.14 - Power purchase and sale transactions in the Spot Market (Electric Energy Trading Chamber - CCEE): forecast of amounts to be billed by CCEE;
- Note 4.15 - Derivative financial instruments: mark to market of energy purchase and sale contracts;
- Notes 4.16.2 and 12.1 - Deferred income tax and social contribution: forecast of future taxable income;
- Notes 4.17 and 22 - Post-employment benefits: actuarial assumptions for evaluating pension and assistance plans;
- Notes 4.18 and 26 - Right to Use Assets and Lease Liabilities: definition of the interest rate for contracts.

## 3.4 Management's judgment on going concern

Management has concluded that there are no material uncertainties that cast doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. No events or conditions were identified that may raise significant doubts on its ability to continue as a going concern.

The  main  bases  of  judgment  used  for  such  conclusion  are:  (i)  main  activities  resulting  from  long-term  concessions;  (ii)  robust  equity;  (iii)  strong  operating  cash generation, including financial capacity to settle commitments entered into with financial institutions; (iv) historical profitability; and (v) fulfillment of the objectives and targets outlined in the Company's Strategic Planning, which is approved by Management, monitored and reviewed periodically, seeking the continuity of its activities.

## 4. Significant Accounting Policies

## 4.1 Basis of consolidation

## 4.1.1 Calculation of equity in earnings of investees

Investments in joint ventures and associates are recognized in the consolidated financial statements based on the equity method. Under this method, investments are initially recorded at cost and their carrying amount is increased or decreased by the recognition of the investor's interest in profit, loss and other comprehensive income generated  by  investees  after  acquisition.  This  method  must  be  discontinued  from  the  date  the  investment  ceases  to  qualify  as  a  jointly  controlled  or  associated company.

Payment of dividends decreases the carrying value of investments.

When required, for the calculation of equity in earnings of investees, the investees' financial statements are adjusted to align their policies with the Parent's accounting policies.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 4.1.2 Subsidiaries

The subsidiaries are entities to which the Company is exposed to or has a right over the variable returns arising from its involvement with them and has the ability to affect those returns exerting its power over the entities.

The financial statements of the subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements as from the date they start to be controlled by the Company until the date such control ceases.

The balances of the subsidiaries'  assets  and  liabilities,  and  profit  or  loss,  are  consolidated  and  transactions  between  consolidated  companies  are  eliminated.  The balances of transactions between continuing operations and discontinued operations are also fully eliminated in the consolidated balance sheet.

## 4.1.3 Noncontrolling interests

Noncontrolling interests are presented in equity, separately from the equity attributable to the Parent Company's shareholders. Profits, losses and other comprehensive income are also allocated separately from the ones allocated to the Parent Company's shareholders, even if this procedure results in negative noncontrolling interest balance.

## 4.1.4 Joint ventures and associates

Joint  ventures  are  entities  over  which  the  Company,  subject  to  an  agreement,  has  the  ability  to  affect  returns  exerting  its  power  in  conjunction  with  other  parties, irrespective of the percentage of interest in the voting capital.

Associates are entities over which the Company exerts significant influence regarding financial and operational decisions, without control.

When the share in losses of a joint venture or associate equals or exceeds the accounting balance of the investor's equity interest in the investee, the investor should discontinue  the  recognition  of  its  share  in  future  losses.  Additional  losses  will  be  considered,  and  a  liability  will  be  recognized,  only  if  the  investor  incurs  legal  or constructive obligations, or performs payments on behalf of the investee. Should the investee subsequently post profits, the investor should resume the recognition of its interest in these profits only subsequent to the point at which the portion to which it is entitled to in these subsequent profits equals its share in unrecognized losses.

## 4.1.5 Joint operations (consortiums)

Joint operation is a joint business according to which parties that jointly control the business have rights on assets and obligations regarding liabilities related to the business.

Joint operations are recorded in proportion to the share of interest held in their assets, liabilities and profit or loss.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 4.1.6 Business combination

The acquisition analysis is done on a case-by-case basis to determine whether the transaction represents a business combination or an asset purchase. Transactions between companies under common control do not constitute a business combination.

Assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination are accounted for using the acquisition method and are recognized at their fair value at the acquisition date.

The excess of the acquisition cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired (identifiable assets acquired, net of assumed liabilities) is recognized as goodwill in intangible assets. When the amount generated is negative, the bargain purchase gain is recognized directly in profit or loss.

The amount paid that refers specifically to the concession right acquired in a business combination where the acquired entity is a concession operator, whose right to the concession has a known and defined term, is not characterized as goodwill.

In acquisitions of interests in associates and in joint ventures, although they do not constitute a business combination, the net assets acquired are also recognized at fair value. Goodwill is presented in the investment.

## 4.2 Financial Instruments

Financial instruments are recognized immediately on the trade date, that is, when the obligation or right arises. They are initially recorded at fair value, unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component, plus, for an item not measured at fair value through profit or loss, any directly attributable transaction costs. Accounts receivable from customers without a significant component of financing are initially measured at the price of the transaction.

Fair values   are determined based on market prices for financial instruments with active market, and by the present value method of expected cash flows, for those that have no quotation available in the market.

After initial recognition, financial assets are only reclassified if the Company changes its business model for managing financial assets and this reclassification must be made prospectively.

The Company does not have financial instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, except for the asset arising from Certified Emissions Reductions - CERs of Elejor. The Company operates with derivative financial instruments as described in Note 4.15.

The Company's financial instruments are classified and measured as described below.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 4.2.1 Financial assets recorded at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets recorded at fair value through profit or loss include assets classified as held for trading, financial assets designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss or financial assets required to be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose  of  being  sold  or  repurchased  in  the  near  term.  Financial  assets  with  cash  flows  that  are  not  solely  payments  of  principal  and  interest  are  classified  and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model. After initial recognition, transaction costs and attributable interest expenses, when incurred, are recognized through profit or loss.

## 4.2.2 Financial assets measured at amortized cost

These are so classified and measured when: (i) the financial asset is maintained within a business model whose objective is to maintain financial assets in order to receive contractual cash flows; and (ii) the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise, on specified dates, to cash flows that exclusively comprise payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

## 4.2.3 Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost

Financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. This method is also used to allocate interest expense of these liabilities for the period. The effective interest rate is the rate that discounts estimated future cash flows (including fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate,  transaction  costs  and  other  premiums  or  discounts)  over  the  expected  life  of  the  financial  liability  or,  when  appropriate,  over  a  shorter  period,  for  the  initial recognition of the net carrying amount.

## 4.2.4 Financial liabilities measured at fair value through Profit or Loss

These are liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss and those classified as held for trading. Financial liabilities designated fair value through profit or loss are stated at fair value with the respective gains or losses in fair value recognized in the statement of income. Net gains or losses recognized in profit or loss include the interest paid on the financial liability.

## 4.2.5 Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities

The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.

The  Company  derecognizes  financial  liabilities  only  when  its  obligations  are  discharged,  cancelled  or  settled.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the derecognized financial liability and the corresponding disbursement made, or to be made, is recorded to profit or loss.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 4.3 Net sectorial financial assets and liabilities

The Company records changes in sectorial financial assets and liabilities to maintain neutrality between the billed amounts of consumer tariffs, to cover energy costs, charges and other related items, and the forecast for tariff  coverage,  according  to  the  term  amendment  to  the  distribution  concessionaires  concession  agreement, approved by Aneel Order No. 4621/2014.

Net sectoral financial assets and liabilities comprise: a) Portion A Cost Variation Compensation Account - CVA, which records the variation between estimated and realized costs of energy purchase, of transmission and sectorial charges; b) financial items that correspond to other rights and obligations included in the tariff.

The amounts are updated until the next tariff readjustment/revision and, after approval by Aneel, the new tariff is applied for the current tariff year, providing for collection or return of constituted assets and liabilities, which are then amortized.

In the event of termination of the concession for any reason, the residual values of Portion A items and other financial components, not recovered or returned through tariff, must be incorporated in the calculation of the compensation, keeping rights or obligations of the concessionaire with the Granting Authority safeguarded.

## 4.4 Accounts receivable related to the concession

Refer to financial assets of the concessions with unconditional right to receive cash by the Company, guaranteed by the Granting Authority by contractual clause and specific legislation.

## 4.4.1 Power distribution service concession

The concession agreement for electricity distribution provides that the users of the public service remunerate part of the investments made by the concessionaire and the  Granting  Authority  at  the  end  of  the  concession  indemnifies  the  other  party.  This  model  provides  for  the  recognition  of  financial  assets,  contract  assets  in  the construction period and intangible assets.

The  portion  recognized  as  a  financial  asset  refers  to  the  indemnity  set  forth  in  the  public  power  distribution  service  concession  agreements,  which  the  Company understands as an unconditional right to cash payments from the Granting Authority upon expiration of the concession. This indemnification aims to reimburse the Company for investments made in infrastructure, without recovery, through the tariff.

The cash flows related to these assets are determined taking into account the Regulatory Compensation Basis (BRR), defined by the Granting Authority, and the fair value is recorded based on the replacement cost methodology of the assets included in the distribution infrastructure linked to the concession.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 4.4.2 Piped gas distribution service concession

The piped gas distribution concession agreement provides that part of the investments made by the concessionaire is remunerated by the public service users and another part is indemnified by the Granting Authority, the State of Paraná, at the end of the concession. This model provides for the recognition of financial assets, contract  assets  during  the  construction  period  and  intangible  assets.  The  amount  that  will  not  be  amortized  within  the  concession  term  is  presented  as  Accounts receivable related to the concession and represents the amount to be reimbursed to the Company by the Granting Authority at the end of the contract term.

## 4.4.3 Bonus for the grant of quota system generation concession agreement

The quota system generation concession agreement provides for the payment of a bonus for the grant to the Granting Authority, pursuant to paragraph 7 of article 8 of Law 12,783/2013.

This bonus is recognized as a financial asset because it represents an unconditional right to receive cash, guaranteed by the Granting Authority during the term of the concession and without risk of demand.

The remuneration of this financial asset is based on the Weighted Average Cost of Capital - WACC defined by the National Energy Policy Council (CNPE) in Resolution 2/2015, which is being presented in the statement of income as operating revenue in accordance with the Company's business model.

## 4.4.4 Concession of power generation

The Company has operated and operates concession agreements for power generation that contain indemnification clauses for the infrastructure not depreciated, amortized  and/or  received  during  the  concession  term.  After  maturity,  the  residual  balances  of  the  assets  are  transferred  to  Accounts  receivable  related  to  the concession. At the end of each reporting period, Management evaluates the recoverability of the asset, remeasuring its cash flow based on its best estimate.

## 4.5 Contract assets

Represented by the construction in progress or in service of the infrastructure delegated by the Granting Authority, conditional upon the receipt of revenue not only by the passage of time, but after fulfilling the performance obligation to maintain and operate the infrastructure.

## 4.5.1 Power distribution service concession

Represents the concessionaire's contractual right related to the works under construction to meet the needs of the concession, accounted for at cost plus financial charges, when applicable.

When the assets are put into operation, the assets are transferred to the intangible asset, in the amount equivalent to what will be remunerated by the user through payment of the fee for the use of the services, or to the accounts receivable associated to the concession, in the amount equivalent to the residual portion of the assets not amortized, which will be reverted to the Granting Authority through indemnification at the end of the concession.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 4.5.2 Power gas distribution service concession

Construction in progress for the distribution of piped gas which will be transferred to intangible assets upon their entry in operation and to the extent that the right (authorization) is received to charge the users of the public service. The amount that will not be amortized within the term of the concession is transferred to Accounts receivable related to the concession.

## 4.5.3 Power transmission concession

Represents  the  balance  of  public  electricity  transmission  contracts  signed  with  the  Granting  Authority  to  build,  operate  and  maintain  the  high  voltage  lines  and substations of the generation centers up to the distribution points.

During the term of the concession agreement, the Company receives, subject to its performance, a remuneration denominated Annual Revenue Allowance (RAP) that remunerates the investments made in the construction of the infrastructure and covers also, the costs of operation and maintenance incurred.

After the beginning of the commercial operation and insofar as the operation and maintenance service - O&amp;M is provided, the portion of RAP referring to O&amp;M revenue is  recognized  in  profit  or  loss  at  fair  value,  on  a  monthly  basis,  and  billed  together  with  the  revenue  part  recognized  in  the  construction  phase,  referring  to  the remuneration of the built-up assets. This amount billed after complying with the O&amp;M performance is reclassified to the financial asset under Customers until its effective receipt.

The Company estimates its revenue in the construction phase at fair value based on the budgeted cost of the work and used by management as a parameter for bidding on the concession auction. Fair value revenue comprises the budgeted cost for the entire construction period plus the construction margin, which represents sufficient profit to cover the costs of managing and monitoring the work.

The remuneration rate of each concession is determined by the projection of the expected cost, of the profit margin on the cost in the construction phase and also of the projection of the RAP to be received, already net of the variable consideration estimate (PV) and the RAP part of the O&amp;M performance. This fair value valuation technique using the income approach discounts cash flow for the entire concession period, determining at initial recognition the implied rate that zeroes the flow over time. This remuneration rate is fixed at the initial period and does not change during the performance of the contract and represents the market rate in effect at the time under the conditions of the negotiation between parties.

The  assets  arising  from  the  construction  of  the  transmission  infrastructure  are  formed  by  the  recognition  of  construction  revenue,  according  to  the  percentage  of completion of the construction (Note 4.13), and by their financial remuneration (Note 4.12.2).

The  Company  recognizes  gains  and  losses  due  to  efficiency  or  inefficiency  in  the  construction  of  the  infrastructure  and  due  to  periodic  tariff  review  (RTP),  when incurred, directly in the statement of income for the year.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

Upon expiration of the concession, any uncollected amounts related to the construction of infrastructure shall be received directly from the Granting Authority, as an unconditional right to cash reimbursement pursuant to the concession agreement, as compensation for investments made and not recovered through tariffs (RAP).

## Existing System Basic Network - RBSE

The assets that compose the Existing System Basic Network - RBSE include one economic component, referring to the cost of capital of the assets not depreciated in July 2017, and one financial component, resulting from the right for the Annual Permitted Revenue (RAP) of the Concession Agreement No. 060/2001, not received in the period from January 2013 to June 2017, plus monetary adjustment and remuneration interest.

## 4.6 Accounts payable related to the concession

These refer to the amounts set forth in the concession agreement in connection with the right to explore hydraulic power generation potential (onerous concession), whose  agreement  is  signed  as  Use  of  Public  Property  (UBP)  agreements.  The  obligation  is  recognized  on  the  date  of  signature  of  the  concession  agreement corresponding  to  the  present  value  of  future  cash  payments  for  the  concession.  The  liability  is  then  remeasured  using  the  effective  interest  rate  and  reduced  by contractual payments.

## 4.7 Inventories (including property, plant and equipment and contract assets)

Materials and supplies in inventory, classified under current assets, and those assigned for investments, classified under property, plant and equipment, and contract assets, have been recorded at their average acquisition cost. Recorded amounts do not exceed their net realizable value.

## 4.8 Property, Plant and Equipment

The property, plant and equipment related to the public service concession agreement are depreciated according to the straight-line method based on annual rates set forth  and  reviewed  periodically  by  Aneel,  which  are  used  and  accepted  by  the  market  as  representative  of  the  economic  useful  lives  of  the  assets  related  to concession's infrastructure. Property, plant and equipment related to contracts for the use of public property under the independent electricity producer scheme are depreciated based on annual rates established by Aneel limited to the concession period. All other property, plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method based on estimates of their useful lives, which are reviewed annually and adjusted if necessary.

Costs  directly  attributable  to  construction  works  as  well  as  interest  and  financial  charges  on  borrowings  from  third  parties  during  construction  are  recorded  under property, plant and equipment in progress, if it is probable that they will result in future economic benefits for the Company.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 4.9 Intangible Assets

These comprise software acquired from third parties and software developed in-house and are measured at acquisition cost and amortized over five years, besides Intangible assets from Concession Agreements below.

## 4.9.1 Onerous concession of electric power generation and piped gas

Corresponds to acquisition of exploration rights on hydropower potential and piped gas whose onerous concession contract is signed as Use of Public Property - UBP and/or Grant Bonus.

This asset is recognized at the present value of future cash disbursements during the Concession Agreement term. At the date of start of commercial operation or acquisition of exploration rights on hydropower potential and piped gas, the amount presented is fixed and amortized over the concession period.

## 4.9.2 Hydrological risk renegotiation (Generation Scaling Factor - GSF)

Asset consisting of the renegotiation of the hydrological risk under the terms of Law No. 13,203/2015 and subsequent changes, arising from the amounts recovered from the cost with the adjustment of the Energy Reallocation Mechanism - MRE (GSF). The amount was transformed by Aneel into an extension of the concession period, which is amortized on a straight-line basis until the end of the new concession period.

## 4.9.3 Power distribution service concession

This comprises the right to control infrastructure, built or acquired as part of the electric energy public service concession, and the right to charge fees to the users of the public service.

Intangible assets are recorded at their fair acquisition and construction value, less accumulated amortization and impairment losses, when applicable. The amortization of intangible assets reflects the pattern in which it is expected that future economic benefits will flow to the Company during the concession period.

During the infrastructure construction phase costs are classified as contract assets (Note 4.5).

## 4.9.4 Piped gas distribution service concession

Intangible assets for piped gas distribution services, which correspond to the right to charge users for the gas supply.

This intangible asset was initially recognized at acquisition or construction cost, plus interest and other capitalized finance charges. This asset is amortized using the straight-line basis over its estimated useful life, considering the economic benefits generated by intangible assets.

During the infrastructure construction phase, costs are classified as contract assets (Note 4.5).

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 4.9.5 Intangible assets acquired separately

Intangible assets with a finite useful life, acquired separately, are recorded at cost, less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. Amortization is recognized using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the corresponding assets. The estimated useful lives and the amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

## 4.9.6 Derecognition of intangible assets

An intangible asset is derecognized when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from disposal of an intangible asset are recognized in profit or loss, measured as the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset.

## 4.10 Impairment of assets

Assets are assessed to detect evidence of impairment.

## 4.10.1 Financial assets

Provisions for losses on financial assets are based on assumptions about default risk, existing market conditions and future estimates at the end of each year.

The Company applies the simplified approach of IFRS 9 to the measurement of expected credit losses for the entire existence of financial assets that do not have significant financing components, by considering a provision for expected loss over a useful life for all trade accounts receivable. To measure expected credit losses, trade  accounts  receivable  is  grouped  based  on  shared  credit  risk  characteristics,  number  of  days  late,  in  the  amount  considered  enough  to  cover  losses  on  the realization of these assets, based on specific criteria of the payment history, collection actions carried out for the credit recovery and relevance of the amount due in the receivables portfolio.

## 4.10.2 Non-financial assets

Whenever there is a loss resulting from situations where an asset's carrying value exceeds its recoverable value, defined as the higher of the asset's value in use or its net selling price, this loss is recognized in profit or loss for the year.

For impairment testing purposes, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (Cash Generating Units - CGU).

The amount of the impairment of non-financial assets is reviewed at the reporting date. In case of reversal of impairment losses that had been recorded in prior years, this reversal is recognized in current year's profit or loss.

Assets arising from onerous concession and rights of concession and/or authorization to generate electricity, classified as intangible assets, have their impairment tested along with the other assets of that cash-generating unit.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The impairment of contract assets in their construction phase is tested immediately, mainly considering the use of the effective interest rate fixed at the beginning of the project and carried to the end of the concession cash flow. After the beginning of the commercial operation, the portion of revenue recognized is tested for impairment in the accounts receivable from customers. For the receivable part conditioned to fulfill the performance obligation to maintain and operate the infrastructure, the Company has no history and no expectation of losses, since amount is subject to guarantee structures, via shared apportionment of eventual default losses among the other members of the national interconnected system managed by the National Electric System Operator (ONS) and by the jurisdiction of the sector.

## 4.11 Provisions

Provisions are recognized when: i) the Company has a present obligation (legal, formalized or constructive) resulting from a past event, ii) it is probable (i.e., more likely than not) that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and iii) a reliable estimate can be made of the amount to settle the obligation.

The estimates of outcomes and financial impacts are determined by the Company, which requires use of judgment by Management, supplemented by the experience of similar past transactions and, in some cases, by independent expert reports.

Environmental  liabilities  are  recognized  as  the  Company  assumes  formal  obligations  before  regulatory  agencies  or  becomes  aware  of  potential  risks  related  to environmental issues, which may lead to cash disbursements that are deemed probable and that may be estimated. During the project implementation phase, the accrued amounts are included in property, plant and equipment (generation), construction cost (transmission) or contract assets (distribution). At the start of operations, all  costs  included  in  the  Operating  License,  whose  programs  will  be  executed  during  the  concession  and  the  respective  disbursement  has  not  yet  occurred,  are measured and adjusted to present value according to the estimated cash flow of disbursements and recorded as environmental provisions matched against the assets related to the project, being adjusted periodically.

Once the project enters commercial operation, all costs or expenses incurred with environmental programs related to the project's operation and maintenance licenses are analyzed according to their nature and included in profit or loss for the period, except for costs or expenses for renewing licenses, which are recorded as intangible assets and amortized over the term of the license.

## 4.12 Revenue recognition

## 4.12.1 Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue is measured based on the consideration that the Company expects to receive in a contract with the customer, net of any variable consideration. The Company recognizes revenues when it transfers control of the product or service to the customer and when it is probable to receive the consideration considering the client's ability  and  intention  to  pay  the  consideration  when  due.  The  Company's  operating  revenue  comes  mainly  from  the  electricity  supply  and  from  the  electric  network availability.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The revenue from electricity supply is recognized monthly based on the data for billing that are determined by the average MW of contracted electricity and declared with the CCEE. When the information is not available, the Company estimates the revenue considering the contracts' rules, the price estimate and the volume provided.

For  wind  power  generation  companies  subject  to  minimum  generation  amounts,  the  Company  understands  that  it  is  subject  to  variable  consideration,  and  for  this reason, includes a provision for non-performance based on the annual generation estimates, reducing revenue.

Revenue from electric power supply and network availability is recognized monthly based on measured and effectively billed energy. In addition, the Company records unbilled revenue, calculated from the period between the last billing and the end of each month, by estimate based on the last measurement taken. In the concession contract  for  the  public  electricity  distribution  service,  non-performance  compensations  are  provided  for  quality  indicators  that,  when  incurred,  reduce  electricity availability revenue.

## 4.12.2 Interest income

Interest income is recognized when it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the Company and its amount can be reliably measured. Interest income is recognized  on  a  straight-line  basis  and  based  on  time  and  the  effective  interest  rate  on  outstanding  principal  amounts.  The  effective  interest  rate  is  the  one  that discounts the estimated future cash receipts calculated during the estimated life of the financial asset in relation to initial net carrying amount of that asset.

Regarding the contract assets of the power transmission concession, financial compensation revenue is recognized using the implicit remuneration rate established at the beginning of each project, which is presented in the statement of income as operating income in accordance with the Company's business model.

## 4.13 Construction revenues and costs

Revenue related to construction services for infrastructure in the power transmission and distribution services, and gas distribution, are recognized over time based on the stage of completion of the work.

The respective costs are recognized when incurred, in the statement of income for the year, as construction cost.

Given  that  Copel  DIS  and  Compagas  outsource  the  construction  of  distribution  infrastructure  to  unrelated  parties  through  works  carried  out  in  the  short  term,  the construction margin to the power and gas distribution activities result in no significant amounts, resulting in the non-recognition of such margin.

The construction margin adopted for the transmission activity for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 1.65%, and results from a calculation methodology that considers the respective business risk.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 4.14 Power purchase and sale transactions in the Spot Market (Electric Energy Trading Chamber - CCEE

Power purchase and sale transactions in CCEE are recorded on the accrual basis of accounting, based on data released by CCEE, which are calculated by the product of the Differences settlement prices - PLD multiplied by the energy surplus declared with CCEE, or, when such information is not available in a timely manner, by an estimate prepared by Management.

## 4.15 Derivative Financial Instruments

## 4.15.1 Power purchase and sale transactions

The Company negotiates energy purchase and sale agreements and part of its contracts are classified as derivative financial instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss.

Unrealized net gains or losses arising from the mark-to-market of these contracts (difference between contractual and market prices) are recorded as operating income or operating costs in the Statement of income.

## 4.15.2 Non-Deliverable Forward (NDF) contracts

In addition, the Company operates with Non-Deliverable Forward - NDF contracts, which aim exclusively at providing hedge against exchange rate risks associated with cash flows from capital contributions to subsidiaries, when they reflect foreign-currency denominated purchases of projected equipment. They are measured at their fair value,  with  changes  recorded  in  the  statement  of  income  for  the  year.  The  fair  value  is  calculated  based  on  the  information  of  each  contracted  operation  and  the respective market information on the closing dates of the financial statements.

## 4.16 Taxes

## 4.16.1 Income Tax and Social Contribution

The taxation on profit comprises income tax and social contribution calculated based on the taxable profits (adjusted profit) of each taxable entity at the applicable tax rates according to prevailing legislation, namely, at 15%, plus 10% surtax on the amount exceeding R$240 per year, for income tax and at 9% for social contribution.

Income tax and social contribution losses can be offset against future taxable profits, considering the limit of 30% of the taxable profit for the period, and can be carried forward indefinitely.

## 4.16.2 Deferred income tax and social contribution

The Company, based on its profitability history and the expectation of generating future taxable profits, based on its internal projections prepared for reasonable periods for its business, sets up a deferred tax asset on temporary differences between the tax bases and on tax losses and negative tax basis.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The  deferred  income  tax  and  social  contribution  are  recognized  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  in  the  financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used for tax calculation purposes, to the extent that there will probably be sufficient taxable profits against which the temporary differences can be utilized and the tax losses can be offset.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities may be offset if there is a legal right to offset the current tax assets and liabilities and they relate to the same taxing authority.

## 4.16.3 Other taxes recoverable and other tax obligations

Sales and services revenues are subject to value-added tax (ICMS or VAT) and service tax (SS), at the applicable rates, and to the PIS (Social Integration Program) and COFINS (Contribution for Social Security Funding). Credits resulting from non-cumulative PIS and COFINS charges are accounted for as reductions to operating costs in the statement of income.

Credits arising from non-cumulative ICMS, PIS and COFINS related to the purchase of assets are presented as reductions to the acquisition cost of these assets. Prepayments or amounts that can be offset are presented in current and non-current assets, according to their expected realization.

## 4.17 Post-employment benefits

The Company sponsors pension plans to supplement retirement and pension plans and the Assistance Plan (medical and dental assistance) for their active employees and their  legal  dependents.  The  amounts  of  these  actuarial  commitments  (contributions,  costs,  liabilities  and/or  assets)  are  evaluated  annually  by  an  independent actuary, with the base date that coincides with the end of the year. The economic and financial assumptions for the purposes of the actuarial valuation are discussed with the independent actuary and approved by the Management.

The assets of the benefit plans are valued at market value (marked-to-market) by the Company. The value of the net plan liability is recognized at the present value of the actuarial obligation, less the fair value of the plan assets. The adoption of the projected credit unit method adds each year of service as a triggering event for an additional benefit unit, adding up to the calculation of the final obligation.

Other actuarial assumptions are used, which take into account biometric and economic tables in addition to historical data from the benefits plans, obtained from the manager of these plans, Fundação Copel de Previdência e Assistência Social.

Actuarial gains or losses caused by changes in assumptions and/or actuarial adjustments are recognized in other comprehensive income.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 4.18 Right to use lease assets and liabilities

Upon entering into a lease agreement, the right to use assets is recorded at present value, with a corresponding entry to a lease liability of the same amount, except for agreements  that  meet  the  exemption  criteria  of  the  accounting  standard  (short-term  leases,  low  value  or  those  that  foresee  variable  remuneration).  After  initial measurement, the amortization of the right-of-use asset is recorded in operating result and interest on the lease liability in financial result. To define the interest rate, the Company uses as a basis the nominal rate practiced in the last funding of the Copel group, disregarding subsidized or incentivized funding.

## 4.19 Standards applicable to the Company effective January 1, 2022

As of January 1, 2022 changes in the following standards are in effect, without significant impacts on the financial statements of the Company:

- (i) IAS 37: specification of costs to fulfill onerous contract;
- (ii) IAS 16: definitions of resources before their intended use;
- (iii) IFRS 3: update of the standard, in view of the changes in the Conceptual Framework;
- (iv) Annual improvements to the 2018 - 2020 IFRS cycle with changes in pronouncements: IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41.

## 4.20 New standards that are not yet in effect

As of the following fiscal years, the changes below will be in effect:

- (i) IAS 1 and IFRS practical expedient 2: classification of liabilities as current or non-current and change in accounting policy disclosures (from January 1, 2023);
- (ii) IFRS 17: new standards for insurance contracts, replacing IFRS 4 (from January 1, 2023);
- (iii) IAS 8: updating of accounting estimates definitions (from January 1, 2023);
- (iv) IAS 12: amendment to the treatment of deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction (from January 1, 2023);
- (v) IFRS 16 - Leases: amendments related to sale and leaseback operations (from January 1, 2024);
- (vi) IFRS 10 and IAS 28: changes related to the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture (no defined effective date).

The Company does not expect significant impacts on the Company's financial statements resulting from these changes in standards.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 5. Cash and Cash Equivalents

| 12.31.2022  12.31.202112.31.2020  Cash and bank accounts  222,641  231,372  228,711  Financial investments with immediate liquidity  2,455,816  3,241,473  2,994,057  2,678,457  3,472,845  3,222,768   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These comprise cash on hand, deposits with banks and short-term highly liquid investments, which can be redeemed in cash within 90 days from the investment date. Temporary short-term investments are recorded at cost at the reporting date, plus income net of income tax earnings accrued. Cash and cash equivalents are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.

Financial investments of the Company refer to Bank Deposit Certificates - CDBs and Repurchase Agreements, which are the sale of a security with the commitment of the seller (Bank) to repurchase it, and of the purchaser to resell it in the future. Investments, depending on the incidence of IOF and the liquidity period negotiated at the time of contracting, have post-fixed interest rates between 94.0% and 102% of Interbank Deposit Certificate ('CDI').

## 6. Bonds and Securities

The Company holds securities that yield variable interest rates. The term of these securities ranges from 3 to 55 months from the end of the financial year.

| Category  Index  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Units in Funds (a)  CDI  353,454  284,852  Bank Deposit Certificates - CDB  96% to 101% of CDI  77,602  61,635  National Treasury Bills- LTN  10.92% p.a.  -  14,571  431,056  361,058  Current  93  16,121  Noncurrent  430,963  344,937   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interbank Deposit Certificate - CDI

(a) These are fixed income funds in the Parent Company and reserve accounts intended to comply with contracts with BNDES.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 7. Trade Accounts Receivable

| Balances  Overdue  Overdue for more  Total  Total  falling due  up to 90 days  than 90 days  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Customers  Residential  312,468  172,243  28,385  513,096  858,070  Industrial  115,555  17,612  45,689  178,856  329,910  Commercial  194,959  41,274  24,027  260,260  442,902  Rural  78,099  20,194  3,352  101,645  151,459  Public Entities  36,506  2,200  401  39,107  58,532  Public lighting  28,140  188  -  28,328  55,943  Public service  37,698  952  643  39,293  62,350  Unbilled - captives  462,426  -  -  462,426  948,418  Energy installments plan - captives customers (7.1)  289,821  43,230  70,467  403,518  343,667  Low income subsidy - Eletrobras  28,342  -  -  28,342  17,712  Free consumers  202,525  2,396  3,710  208,631  174,495  Other receivables  64,835  24,866  24,489  114,190  157,526  Bonus for voluntary consumption reduction (7.4)  (2,754)  -  -  (2,754)  (134,890)  1,848,620  325,155  201,163  2,374,938  3,466,094  Concessionaires, permission holder and trading companies  Bilateral contracts  276,448  1,400  300  278,148  210,632  Regulated contracts  196,603  3,148  5,319  205,070  223,237  CCEE (7.2)  76,962  -  119,665  196,627  467,529  Energy suplies  550,013  4,548  125,284  679,845  901,398  Charges from using transmission grid  508,242  8,499  13,518  530,259  362,070  Gas distribution  123,839  3,440  11,491  138,770  90,465  (-) Expected credit losses (7.3)  (21,001)  (19,893)  (231,049)  (271,943)  (304,601)  3,009,713  321,749  120,407  3,451,869  4,515,426  Current  3,342,050  4,433,193  Noncurrent  109,819  82,233   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7.1 Energy installments plan - captive customers

The trade accounts receivable renegotiated are discounted to present value as of December 31, 2022, taking into consideration the future value, the maturity dates, the dates of settlement and the discount rate of 1.10% p.m. (1,16% p.m. on December 31, 2021).

## 7.2 Electricity Trading Chamber - CCEE

Balance receivable deriving from the positive position in the monthly settlement of the spot market centralized by CCEE. Amounts are received in the second month following the recognition of revenue or offset against future settlements when the result is negative for the subsidiary.

Of the total presented, R$119,665 refer to the controversial portion resulting from the effects of the injunction for exclusion of responsibility of HPP Colíder. As a result of unforeseeable circumstances and force majeure, the power plant had its commercial start-up delayed, which was initially scheduled for January 2015. The Company is contesting in court, filing a request for exclusion of liability so that the mandatory supply of energy contracted by the plant, in the period in delay, could be postponed. Expected credit losses were recorded in the same amount as the receivable balance, as presented in Note 7.3.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

Copel GeT filed an administrative request for the exclusion of liability at Aneel, which was denied, and subsequently, on December 18, 2017, it filed an ordinary lawsuit with a request for advance protection with the Court, requesting the reversal of the agency's decision. On April 6, 2018, the Federal Court of the 1st Region fully granted the preliminary injunction applied for in the interlocutory appeal to suspend the enforcement of any burden or penalty to Copel as a result of noncompliance with the deadlines originally provided for in the Concession Agreement until a final unappealable ruling is rendered. Aneel filed an internal appeal against this decision and is awaiting judgment by the Federal Regional Court. The main action awaits its judgment on the merits since February 25, 2019.

The contracted energy of the plant is 125 MW average. For overdue periods the contract was fulfilled and, due to the fact it is awaiting a decision on the merits of the lawsuit, the Company recognized the revenue limited to the financial covenants of the agreement and the regulatory rules, as well as the cost of energy to cover the contractual guarantee.

## 7.3 Expected credit losses

| Balance as  of January  1,2020  Additions/  (Reversals)  Write offsOther (a)  Balance as of  December 31,  2020  Additions/  (Reversals)  Write offs  Other  (a)  Balance as of  December 31,  2021  Additions/  (Reversals)  Write offs  (b)  Balance as of  December 31,  2022  Customers  Residential  41,824  65,937  (60,365)  -  47,396  117,928  (115,056)  -  50,268  112,457  (100,199)  62,526  Industrial  97,954  22,487  (31,575)  -  88,866  20,413  (66,848)  -  42,431  (12,993)  3,398  32,836  Commercial  70,925  29,092  (31,294)  -  68,723  35,628  (46,057)  -  58,294  22,510  (48,764)  32,040  Rural  3,389  4,788  (4,240)  -  3,937  6,407  (7,384)  -  2,960  4,327  (3,460)  3,827  Public Entities  4,890  9  (1,815)  -  3,084  184  (2,887)  -  381  116  39  536  Public lighting  3  20  (15)  -  8  11  (8)  -  11  7  -  18  Public service  265  124  (246)  -  143  (16)  (154)  -  (27)  2,254  (277)  1,950  Unbilled - captives customers  1,180  409  -  -  1,589  885  -  -  2,474  (1,487)  -  987  Adjustment to present value  (1,441)  791  -  -  (650)  (854)  -  -  (1,504)  (1,146)  -  (2,650)  218,989  123,657  (129,550)  -  213,096  180,586  (238,394)  -  155,288  126,045  (149,263)  132,070  Concessionaires, permission holder and trading companies  CCEE (7.2)  119,665  -  -  -  119,665  -  -  -  119,665  -  -  119,665  Concessionaries and permission holder  20,425  392  (284)  -  20,533  1,224  (1,994)  -  19,763  (5,353)  (4,583)  9,827  140,090  392  (284)  -  140,198  1,224  (1,994)  -  139,428  (5,353)  (4,583)  129,492  Telecommunications  5,149  3,609  (6,260)  (2,498)  -  3,042  (3,153)  111  -  -  -  -  Gas distribution  12,528  238  (509)  -  12,257  (2,611)  239  -  9,885  1,064  (568)  10,381  376,756  127,896  (136,603)  (2,498)  365,551  182,241  (243,302)  111  304,601  121,756  (154,414)  271,943   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Reclassification to Assets classified as held for sale (Note 39).

(b) Net losses from recovered invoice balances.

## 7.4 Incentive program for the voluntary reduction of electricity consumption

Bonus granted to consumers eligible for the Incentive Program for the Voluntary Reduction of Electric Energy Consumption, as part of government actions to combat the 2021 water crisis,  corresponding  to  the  total  energy  saved  between  September  and  December  2021.  The  Company  recorded,  on  December  31,  2021,  a  credit  of R$134,890 referring to the amount to be returned to customers, in exchange for a credit receivable from CCEE (Note 11). On December 31, 2022, there is still R$2,754 to be returned to consumers and R$2,917 to be reimbursed by CCEE.

## 8. Net Sectorial Financial Assets and Liabilities

The Sectorial Financial Assets and Liabilities comprise the differences calculated between the balances considered in the tariff coverage to cover energy costs, charges and other financial components, and the actual costs incurred, resulting in a balance to be received by the distributor or to be refunded to consumers. The current balance consists of amounts approved by Aneel in the 2022 tariff adjustment and amounts that will be ratified in the next tariff events.

| Operating revenues  Financial  results  Statement of Financial  Position  Balance as of  Balance as of  Tariff  December 31,  January 1,  2022  Constitution  Amortization  Updating  flags  Constitution  2022  Portion A  Electricity purchased for resale - Itaipu  1,286,966  344,732  (914,566)  102,517  -  -  819,649  Electricity purchased for resale - CVA Energ  (475,842)  (540,360)  429,160  (36,149)  41,132  -  (582,059)  Transport of energy using the transmission system - basic grid  180,521  213,107  (152,329)  12,467  -  -  253,766  Transport of energy purchased from Itaipu  14,018  8,125  (11,823)  386  -  -  10,706  ESS  531,280  417,465  (324,194)  46,467  (443,689)  -  227,329  CDE  (18,786)  392,608  (201,781)  28,452  -  -  200,493  Proinfa  10,501  77,631  (53,235)  7,181  -  -  42,078  Other financial components  Refunds of Pis and Cofins (8.2)  (337,350)  -  1,164,877  -  -  (1,593,100)  (765,573)  Neutrality  81,177  94,338  (81,461)  4,544  -  -  98,598  Offset of bilateral contracts under CCEAR  (184)  (239)  385  (148)  -  -  (186)  Hydrological risk  (604,152)  (463,625)  570,582  (27,611)  -  -  (524,806)  Tariff refunds  (198,997)  (66,898)  101,685  (11,250)  -  -  (175,460)  Overcontracting  (78,596)  522,321  53,319  15,420  (76,140)  -  436,324  Itaipu Bonus  (26,451)  46,915  (6,240)  (4,568)  -  (4,713)  4,943  Water shortage account (8.1)  -  -  76,949  (2,293)  -  (145,844)  (71,188)  CDE Eletrobras (8.2)  -  165,214  -  (13,803)  -  (335,511)  (184,100)  Other  110,196  86,068  (100,867)  13,933  -  (1,701)  107,629  474,301  1,297,402  550,461  135,545  (478,697)  (2,080,869)  (101,857)  Current assets  383,740  190,699  Noncurrent assets  383,740  190,699  Current liabilities  (139,770)  (433,914)  Noncurrent liabilities  (153,409)  (49,341)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Financial results

Updating

38,745

(1,303)

9,979

1,085

2,374

1,581

303

-

1,229

-

(11,022)

(8,600)

(2,220)

220

(213)

32,158

Statement of Financial

Rate

Position flags

-

(1,143,236)

-

-

(195,750)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(84,080)

-

-

(1,423,066)

Constitution

Balance as of

December 31,

2021

1,286,966

(475,842)

180,521

14,018

531,280

(18,786)

10,501

(337,350)

81,177

(184)

(604,152)

(198,997)

(78,596)

(26,451)

110,196

474,301

383,740

383,740

(139,770)

(153,409)

Portion A

Electricity purchased for resale - Itaipu

Electricity purchased for resale - CVA Energ

Transport of energy using the transmission system - basic grid

Transport of energy purchased from Itaipu

ESS

CDE

Proinfa

Other financial components

Refunds of Pis and Cofins (Note 13.2.1)

Neutrality

Offset of bilateral contracts under CCEAR

Hydrological risk

Tariff refunds

Overcontracting

Itaipu Bonus

Other

Current assets

Noncurrent assets

Current liabilities

Noncurrent liabilities

Balance as of

January 1,

2021

463,176

(100,053)

176,877

19,746

19,131

(1,872)

(145)

-

77,265

36,395

(474,111)

(193,669)

130,677

-

4,804

158,221

173,465

173,465

(188,709)

-

Operating revenues

Constitution

Amortization

1,133,849

640,205

164,203

10,933

728,954

22,765

22,155

-

60,608

(383)

(562,663)

(97,684)

(99,743)

60,065

89,875

2,173,139

(348,804)

128,545

(170,538)

(17,746)

(23,429)

(41,260)

(11,812)

364,650

(57,925)

(36,196)

443,644

100,956

(23,230)

-

22,330

329,185

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(702,000)

-

-

-

-

-

(86,736)

(6,600)

(795,336)

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 8.1 Water shortage account

In view of the 2021 water shortage, one of the government measures designed to mitigate the financial impacts on the electricity sector was the contracting of a financial transaction  to  cover  additional  costs  temporarily  assumed  by  distributors  in  the  period  (Decree  No.  10939/2022).  The  funds  were  allocated  to  the  Water  shortage account (Aneel's Regulatory Resolution No. 1008/2022). On May 9, 2022, Copel DIS received R$145,844, recognized as a financial component in the annual tariff adjustment process, with the amount monetary restated by the Selic rate. The amount will be passed on to consumers through monthly installments approved by Aneel and collected into the CDE Water shortage account as of the next tariff adjustment process, to be carried out in June 2023, over a four-year period (Note 30.3.1).

## 8.2 Annual tariff adjustment

In Copel DIS's annual tariff adjustment process (Note 30.4), R$1,593,100 were considered for tariff reduction (R$702,000 in 2021), resulting from a lawsuit filed by the Company regarding State VAT (ICMS) exclusion from Contribution tax on gross revenue for social integration program (PIS) and for social security financing (Cofins) tax bases (Note 12.2.1).

Also, in view of Centrais Elétricas Brasileiras S.A. - Eletrobrás privatization, it was determined that 50% of the added value arising from the grant bonus of Eletrobrás hydropower plants renewed service concession arrangements would be passed on to the affordable energy tariffs. The amount allocated to Copel DIS in the 2022 tariff adjustment process was R$335,511, which was received by the Company on July 29, 2022.

## 9. Accounts Receivables - Concessions

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Power distribution service concession (9.1)  1,442,819  1,200,708  Piped gas distribution service concession (9.2)  -  233,026  Bonus from the grant of concession agreements under the quota system (9.3)  766,832  730,851  Generation concession agreements (9.4)  68,642  102,220  2,278,293  2,266,805  Current  8,603  5,121  Noncurrent  2,269,690  2,261,684   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 9.1 Power distribution service concession

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  960,518  Transfers from contract assets (Note 10.1)  125,492  Transfers to intangible assets (Note 17.1)  8,385  Transfers to other receivables (assets held for disposal)  (2,407)  Fair value recognition  108,733  Loss on disposal  (13)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  1,200,708  Transfers from contract assets (Note 10.1)  168,072  Transfers to other receivables (assets held for disposal)  (5,048)  Fair value recognition  79,169  Loss on disposal  (82)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  1,442,819   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Balance corresponding to the estimated portion of investments made in the public service infrastructure whose useful life exceeds the concession period and which, according to the contractual provision, will be indemnified by the Granting Authority at the end of the concession.

## 9.2 Piped gas distribution service concession

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  189,416  Transfers from contract assets (Note 10.2)  8,310  Transfers to intangible assets (Note 17.3)  1,398  Fair value recognition  33,909  Loss on disposal  (7)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  233,026  Transfers from intangible assets (Note 17.3)  (243,628)  Fair value recognition  10,772  Loss on disposal  (170)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As a result of the renewal of the concession described in Note 2.1.1, the balance of these accounts receivable was fully transferred to intangible assets.

## 9.3 Bonus from the grant of concession agreements under the quota system

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  671,204  Transfers to electricity grid use charges - customers  (74,835)  Interest (Note 30.1)  134,482  Balance as of December 31, 2021  730,851  Transfers to electricity grid use charges - customers  (82,458)  Interest (Note 30.1)  118,439  Balance as of December 31, 2022  766,832   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On January 5, 2016, Copel GeT entered into a 30-year concession agreement of HPP GPS, in accordance with Law No. 12,783/2013, with payment of the Bonus from the Grant - BO to the Granting Authority, amounting to R$574,827, as per Aneel Invitation to Bid 12/2015.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The amount of the bonus for the grant  was  recognized  as  a  financial  asset  due  to  the  unconditional  right  of  Copel  GeT  to  receive  the  amount  paid  with  inflation adjustment based on IPCA and interest during the concession period.

## 9.4 Power generation concession contract

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  81,202  Remeasurement  18,414  Reversal of impairment  2,604  Balance as of December 31, 2021  102,220  Remuneration  1,934  Fair value adjustment  (35,512)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  68,642   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Residual  balance  of  the  electricity  generation  assets  of  HPP  GPS  and  HPP  Mourão  I.  Copel  GeT  depreciated  the  plants  until  2015,  the  expiration  date  of  the concessions, and the remaining balance was reclassified to accounts receivable related to the concession and subsequently measured at the best estimate of fair value.

On December 17, 2015, Copel GeT expressed to Aneel its interest in receiving the indemnifiable amount, with proof of the realization of the respective investments, and on July 22, 2022, it filed the updated indemnifiable amount evaluation report. The Company awaits a statement from Aneel.

## 10. Contract assets

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Power distribution service concession (10.1)  2,332,171  1,798,195  Piped gas distribution service concession (10.2)  30,032  29,815  Power transmission concession (10.3)  5,310,476  5,060,038  7,672,679  6,888,048  Current  220,660  148,488  Noncurrent  7,452,019  6,739,560   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.1 Power distribution service concession contract

| Assets  Special liabilities  Total  Balance as of January 1, 2021  1,144,780  (29,819)  1,114,961  Acquisitions  1,798,266  -  1,798,266  Customers contributions  -  (160,826)  (160,826)  Transfers to intangible assets (Note 17.1)  (943,905)  122,346  (821,559)  Transfers to accounts receivable - concessions (Note 9.1)  (140,120)  14,628  (125,492)  Loss on disposal  (7,155)  -  (7,155)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  1,851,866  (53,671)  1,798,195  Acquisitions  2,092,117  -  2,092,117  Customers contributions  -  (243,916)  (243,916)  Transfers to intangible assets (Note 17.1)  (1,332,118)  194,794  (1,137,324)  Transfers to accounts receivable - concessions (Note 9.1)  (197,912)  29,840  (168,072)  Loss on disposal  (8,829)  -  (8,829)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  2,405,124  (72,953)  2,332,171   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

Balance composed of works in progress mainly related to the construction and expansion of substations, distribution lines and networks and measuring equipment, measured at historical cost, net of special liabilities. As these works are concluded, the amounts are transferred to Accounts receivable related to the concessions and Intangible assets, according to the form of remuneration. During the construction phase, loans, financing and debentures costs are capitalized. In 2022, these costs totaled R$17,903, at an average rate of 0.38% p.a. (R$12,785, at an average rate of 0.38% p.a., in 2021).

## 10.2 Piped gas distribution service concession contract

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  27,254  Acquisitions  14,269  Transfers to intangible assets (Note 17.3)  (3,398)  Transfers to accounts receivable - concessions (Note 9.2)  (8,310)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  29,815  Acquisitions  13,955  Transfers to intangible assets (Note 17.3)  (13,738)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  30,032   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.3 Transmission service concession contract

| Concession assets  RBSE assets  Total  Balance as of January 1, 2021  3,007,234  1,343,348  4,350,582  Realization of gains/losses in business combinations  722  -  722  Transfers to electricity grid use charges - customers  (315,358)  (250,520)  (565,878)  Transfers to property, plant and equipment  (1,483)  -  (1,483)  Transfers from litigations  3,376  -  3,376  Remuneration  621,366  242,872  864,238  Construction revenue  187,733  -  187,733  Construction income  3,097  -  3,097  Loss from inefficiency(10.3.1)  125,699  91,952  217,651  Balance as of December 31, 2021  3,632,386  1,427,652  5,060,038  Realization of gains/losses in business combinations  721  -  721  Transfers to electricity grid use charges - customers  (389,939)  (213,378)  (603,317)  Transfers to property, plant and equipment  (3,822)  -  (3,822)  Transfers from litigations  (1,558)  -  (1,558)  Remuneration  509,722  201,926  711,648  Construction revenue  89,166  -  89,166  Construction income  1,458  -  1,458  Gain from efficiency(10.3.1)  56,142  -  56,142  Balance as of December 31, 2022  3,894,276  1,416,200  5,310,476   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In June 2022, Technical Note No. 85/2022 was issued by the Superintendence of Tariffs of Aneel, which deals with the analysis of requests for reconsideration of the payment of the financial component and reprofiling of the RBSE Asset, with a monocratic decision (Order No. 1,762/22) deliberated by an Aneel director on the referred topic. This decision was suspended by the collegiate and the terms of the mentioned Technical Note will be discussed by the Aneel Board of Directors in a meeting with no scheduled date yet, so that assumptions, methodologies and calculations considered so far, approved by means of Aneel Resolution No. 2,847 of April 22, 2021, are effective and remain appropriate.

## 10.3.1 Gain (loss) due to efficiency or inefficiency in the implementation and operation of transmission infrastructure

In  the  construction  and  operation  of  the  transmission  infrastructure,  possible  positive  or  negative  impacts  are  expected  due  to  delays  and  additional  costs  due  to environmental issues, variation in costs, mainly with cables and structures when indexed to foreign currency, additional easement costs and land negotiations, potential earthworks  for  unforeseen  events,  early  maturity  of  commercial  transactions  and  RAP  revision/readjustment  according  to  the  regulatory  standards  and  contractual provisions. Changes in the original project that affect its profitability are recognized directly in the statement of income when incurred, except for the part of RAP related to the operation and maintenance performance of the assets that is recognized as the services are performed. On June 21, 2022, Aneel approved the 2 tariff review of the Costa Oeste and Marumbi contracts, resulting in a gain of R$30,654 (in 2021, the gains refer mainly to the reprofiling of RBSE assets and the tariff review of some Copel GeT contracts).

## 10.3.2 Assumptions adopted for the calculation of contract assets

| .  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Concession assets  RBSE assets  Concession assets  RBSE assets  Construction margin  1.65%  N/A  1.65%  N/A  Operating and maintenance margin  1.65%  N/A  1.65%  N/A  Remuneration rate (a)  9.58% p.a.  9.45% p.a.  9.56% p.a.  9.54% p.a.  Contract correction index  IPCA (b)  IPCA  IPCA (b)  IPCA  Annual RAP, according to Ratifying Resolution  523,713  242,836  456,499  192,288   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Average rate of contracts

(b) Contract 075/2001 - LT 230 kV Bateias - Jaguariaíva, from Copel GET, and contract 002/2005 - LT 525 kV Ivaiporã - Londrina, from Uirapuru, are adjusted by the IGPM.

## 11. Other Receivables

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Fair value in the purchase and sale of power (Note 34.2.12)  1,081,758  855,775  Services in progress (a)  369,916  319,179  CDE Transfer (11.2)  83,649  68,999  Credits on purchases of gas (11.1)  45,673  73,229  Reimbursement of coal consumption values by CDE  58,367  33,107  Disposals and decommissioning in progress  39,768  42,509  Credits - gas concession (11.3)  32,825  -  Advance payments to employees  20,768  20,141  Contractual advances to suppliers  12,709  15,528  Bonus for voluntary consumption reduction (Note 7.4)  2,917  134,892  Employees transferred compensation to be recovered  1,261  1,316  Other receivables  79,221  101,747  1,828,832  1,666,422  Current  897,380  749,816  Noncurrent  931,452  916,606   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Refers, most of which, to the Research and Development and Energy Efficiency programs, which upon conclusion are offset against the respective liability recorded for this purpose.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 11.1 Credits on purchases of gas - Compagas

It  refers  to  the  acquisition  of  contracted  and  guaranteed  gas  volumes,  higher  than  those  effectively  withdrawn  and  used,  for  which  the  contract  provides  for  future compensation. Compagas has the right to use and offset this gas within one year after the expiration of the contract. According to the contractual provisions and consumption perspectives, Compagas estimates to fully compensate the contracted volumes up to 2023. The contracts with Petrobras foresee the right to assign this asset. The Company reviewed the estimated recoverable value of the ship or pay credit to be offset and recorded impairment, as shown in note 31.4.

## 11.2 CDE Transfer

Values   of the Energy Development Account - CDE to cover tariff discounts on tariffs, defined in Law No. 10,438/2002 and Decree No. 7,891/2013. The values are stipulated in the Annual Tariff Adjustment/Revision and, monthly, the Company estimates the differences to be compensated in the next tariff adjustment.

## 11.3 Credits - gas concession

Compagas credits recorded to neutralize the economic impacts on the Company's results due to gas price differences and/or difference in margin between the prices contained in the supply tariffs applied to consumers and those billed by suppliers to the concessionaire. The recovery of these values   is determined by the Regulatory Agency of Paraná - Agepar, in the process of revising and updating the tariff.

## 12. Taxes

## 12.1 Deferred income tax and social contribution

| Balance as  of January 1,  2021  Recognized  in income  Other (a)  Reclassification  (a)  Recognized  comprehensive  income  Balance as of  December 31,  2021  Recognized in  income  Other  (b)  Recognized  comprehensive  income  Balance as of  December 31,  2022  Noncurrent assets  Provisions for legal claims  499,375  7,291  -  (2,205)  -  504,461  132,175  -  -  636,636  Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits  -  -  -  -  -  -  629,427  -  -  629,427  Post-employment benefits  507,032  (766)  -  16,875  (93,881)  429,260  22,724  -  (88,548)  363,436  Impairment of assets  310,606  (6,456)  -  (1,753)  -  302,397  (17,486)  -  -  284,911  Tax losses and negative tax basis  215,389  54,416  (148,005)  1,210  -  123,010  73,260  -  -  196,270  Research and development and energy efficiency programs  152,498  (13,649)  -  -  -  138,849  (11,766)  -  -  127,083  Expected credit losses  123,182  (21,476)  -  (2,994)  -  98,712  (11,412)  -  -  87,300  Social security contributions - injunction on judicial deposit  70,992  3,673  -  78  -  74,743  7,516  -  -  82,259  Amortization - concession  47,209  5,220  -  -  -  52,429  5,220  -  -  57,649  Provisions for performance andprofit sharing  160,459  (45,866)  -  -  -  114,593  (100,957)  -  -  13,636  Concession contracts  21,061  (1,292)  -  -  -  19,769  (1,067)  -  -  18,702  Voluntary retirement program  10,815  13,493  -  -  -  24,308  (22,551)  -  -  1,757  Others  149,662  1,457  1,062  5,905  -  158,086  23,792  -  -  181,878  2,268,280  (3,955)  (146,943)  17,116  (93,881)  2,040,617  728,875  -  (88,548)  2,680,944  (-) Noncurrent liabilities  Concession contracts  900,505  808,372  94,221  -  -  1,803,098  52,617  8,155  -  1,863,870  Deemed cost of property, plant and equipment  350,491  (23,994)  -  -  -  326,497  (18,810)  -  -  307,687  Accelerated depreciation  75,955  26,369  -  -  -  102,324  25,832  -  -  128,156  Derivative financial instruments  117,682  (12,178)  -  -  -  105,504  11,134  -  -  116,638  Escrow deposits monetary variation  61,727  3,392  -  -  -  65,119  7,708  -  -  72,827  Transaction cost on loans and financing and debentures  23,203  4,833  -  -  -  28,036  2,280  -  -  30,316  Others  31,951  (20,343)  -  -  -  11,608  19,725  -  3,500  34,833  1,561,514  786,451  94,221  -  -  2,442,186  100,486  8,155  3,500  2,554,327  Net  706,766  (790,406)  (241,164)  17,116  (93,881)  (401,569)  628,389  (8,155)  (92,048)  126,617  Assets presented in the Statement of Financial Position  1,011,866  963,259  1,644,299  Liabilities presented in the Statement of Financial Position  (293,666)  (1,364,828)  (1,517,682)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Effects of the business combination and discontinued operation detailed in the Financial Statements as of December 2021.

(b) Effects of the business combination (Note 1.1.1).

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 12.1.1 Projection for realization of deferred income tax and social contribution:

The projection of deferred tax credits realization recorded in noncurrent assets and liabilities is based on the realization period of each item of deferred assets and liabilities and tax losses, also based on projections of future results. These projections were evaluated by the Supervisory Board and approved by the Board of Directors on March 21, 2022.

The criteria used for the realization of each item are related to the predictability of realization of the main value that gave rise to the temporary difference. When the expectation of realization of the item is difficult to predict, mainly because it is not under the control of the Company, such as provisions for litigation, the Company adopts history of realization to project its future realization. The realization of the amounts of income tax and social contribution losses follow the potential compensation considering future profits and the limit defined by the legislation.

Following are the items that were the basis for the setup of the main credits, as well as their form of realization:

- Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits: will be carried out as the amounts are passed on in the tariff review and readjustment processes approved by the regulatory body, if any, or by the reversal of the respective provision;
- -Provisions for post-employment benefits: realized as the payments are made to the Copel Foundation or reversed according to new actuarial estimates;
- Provisions for legal claims: realized according to court decisions or by the reversal when the possible risk of the shares is reviewed;
- Impairment of assets: realized through the amortization and/or depreciation of the impaired asset;
- Deemed cost: realized through the amortization and/or depreciation of the valued asset;
- Amounts related to the concession agreement: realized over the term of the agreement;
- Amounts related to tax losses and negative tax basis: recovered by offsetting against future taxable income;
- Other amounts: realized when they meet the deductibility criteria provided for in tax legislation, or upon reversal of the recorded amounts.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The projected realization of the deferred taxes is shown below:

| Assets  Liabilities  2023  360,933  (232,236)  2024  417,270  (282,299)  2025  486,215  (228,450)  2026  128,402  (227,274)  2027  102,221  (178,671)  2028 to 2030  234,464  (454,087)  after 2030  951,439  (951,310)  2,680,944  (2,554,327)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12.1.2 Unrecognized tax credits

As of December 31, 2022, Company did not recognize income tax and social contribution credits on income tax and social contribution tax losses in the amount of R$197,540 (R$68,826, as of December 31, 2021) for not having reasonable assurance of generation of future taxable profits sufficient to allow the utilization of these tax credits.

## 12.2 Other taxes recoverable and other tax obligations

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Current assets  Recoverable ICMS (VAT)  128,288  111,101  Recoverable PIS/Pasep and Cofins taxes (a)  1,110,659  1,396,645  Other recoverable taxes  747  1,118  1,239,694  1,508,864  Noncurrent assets  Recoverable ICMS (VAT)  171,374  141,951  Recoverable PIS/Pasep and Cofins taxes (a)  2,421,176  2,967,756  Other recoverable taxes  34,743  33,839  2,627,293  3,143,546  Current liabilities  ICMS (VAT) payable(Note 12.2.3)  149,506  290,627  ICMS installment payment (Note 12.2.4)  10,437  -  PIS/Pasep and Cofins payable  70,423  42,340  IRRF on interest on capital  11,372  33,592  Special Tax Regularization Program - Pert  57,046  52,168  Other taxes  4,822  22,206  303,606  440,933  Noncurrent liabilities  Social security contributions - injunction on judicial deposit  242,248  220,108  ICMS installment payment (Note 12.2.4)  37,883  -  Special Tax Regularization Program - Pert  347,029  369,526  Other taxes  6,331  5,176  633,491  594,810   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The balance contains amounts referring Pis and Cofins credit on ICMS (Notes 12.2.1 and 12.2.2)

## 12.2.1 Pis and Cofins credit on ICMS - Copel Distribuição

On August 12, 2009, Copel DIS filed for a writ of mandamus No. 5032406-35.2013.404.7000 with the 3 Federal Court of Curitiba applying for the granting of an order to stop including ICMS in the PIS and Cofins tax base on June 16, 2020, a final unappealable ruling was handed down by the 2 Panel of the Federal

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

Regional Court of the 4 Region recognizing the right of Copel DIS to exclude from the PIS and Cofins tax base the full amount of ICMS included in the energy supply and distribution invoices. The ruling also recognized that the limitation period, in this case, is of five years and that, therefore, Copel has the right to recover the amounts that have been paid during the five years preceding the filing of the writ of mandamus until the date of the final unappealable decision.

Based on this favorable decision, Copel DIS recognized the tax credit updated in assets, which has been recovered through offsetting with taxes payable since June 2021, from the qualification of the credit originating from Cofins with the Brazilian Federal Revenue Service. The credit originating from PIS was qualified by the Brazilian Federal Revenue Service on August 25, 2022 and is ready to be used through offsetting.

On  May  13,  2021,  the  Federal  Supreme  Court  concluded  the  judgment  of  the motions for  clarification filed by  the  Federal  Government  in  Extraordinary  Appeal 574.706/PR, partially granting the following terms: (i) relating to ICMS excluded from the PIS and Cofins calculation basis, the understanding that it is the highlighted ICMS prevailed ; and (ii) modulate the effects of the judgment whose production will take place after March 15 , 2017, except for the judicial and administrative actions filed up to the date of the session in which the judgment was delivered . Therefore, the final decision on this matter did not impact the final and unappealable decision in favor of Copel DIS, maintaining the treatment and amounts recorded.

The following table shows the movement of the asset until December 31, 2022:

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  5,655,754  Monetary variation  125,483  Offsetting with taxes payable  (1,425,972)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  4,355,265  Monetary variation  294,952  Offsetting with taxes payable  (1,165,601)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  3,484,616  Current  1,148,897  Noncurrent  2,335,719   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The asset balance will continue to be offset against future federal tax debts.

## a) Liabilities to be refunded to consumers

The Company recorded a liability to be refunded to consumers related to the recovery of tax credits for the last 10 years, counting from the date of the final and unappealable decision, considering the current legislation, the statute of limitations period defined in the civil code and the jurisprudence of the courts.

On February 09, 2021, Aneel opened Public Consultation No. 05/2021 aimed at discussing how to return tax credits to consumers, proposing that the amounts to be returned for each tariff cycle (credits with the Brazilian Federal Revenue Office, added to any judicial deposits already received by the concessionaire/permissionaire) are deducted from the electricity bill, through apportionment by the set of consumers.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

Additionally, Aneel Order No. 361/2021 established that in exceptional situations, in which there is a possibility of a significant tariff increase, part of the PIS and Cofins credits may be used in advance of the conclusion of the public consultation, limited to 20% of the total involved in lawsuits filed by distributors.

In the tariff adjustment of June 24, 2022, the total of R$1,593,100 was considered as a financial item, so this balance was transferred to the sectorial financial liabilities account, as shown in the following table:

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  3,927,824  Monetary variation  100,971  (-) Transfer to sectorial financial liabilities (Note 8)  (702,000)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  3,326,795  Monetary variation  261,463  (-) Transfer to sectorial financial liabilities (Note 8)  (1,593,100)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  1,995,158  Current  550,527  Noncurrent  1,444,631   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The balance of the liability will be refunded to the consumer as the tax credits in the asset are offset.

## b) Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits

On June 27, 2022, Federal Law No. 14,385 was enacted, which defines the allocation of mandatory tax amounts collected in excess by the providers of the public electricity distribution service, due to the recognition by the judiciary that ICMS should be excluded from the PIS and Cofins calculation basis.

As detailed earlier in this note, Copel DIS has recognized the right to exclude the full amount of ICMS from the PIS and Cofins calculation basis and has already transferred part of these amounts to consumers, through reductions in the tariff adjustments approved by Aneel.

In this context, despite the lack of regulation of this Law, based on the review of the risk assessment carried out by Management, Copel DIS decided to recognize an additional provision, with no immediate cash effect, referring to the period between the 11 and the 16 year from the date of the final and unappealable decision of the lawsuit.

The Management of Copel DIS understands that the refund to consumers is limited to  the  tax  credit  amounts  of  the  last  10  years  from  the  date  of  the  final  and unappealable decision and, therefore, is evaluating the appropriate measures to be taken, including legal measures, considering the shelter given to unappealable decisions and applicable limitation periods.

On December 12, 2022, the Brazilian Association of Electric Energy Distributors - Abradee filed a Direct Action of Unconstitutionality - ADI with the Federal Supreme Court - STF, questioning Law No. 14,385/2022, which has not yet been judged. The Company awaits the unfolding of the ADI.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The table below shows the changes in the provision until December 31, 2022:

| Balance as of January 1, 2022  -  Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits  810,563  Monetary variation  1,011,370  Balance as of June 30, 2022  1,821,933  Monetary variation  29,324  Balance as of December 31, 2022  1,851,257   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Any allocation of this provision will occur only after the asset's tax credits are offset.

## 12.2.2 PIS and Cofins credit on ICMS - Compagas

Balance arising from the final and unappealable decision of the lawsuit in which Compagas discussed the exclusion of ICMS from the PIS and Cofins calculation basis. In view of the favorable decision, Compagas recorded assets of R$107,453 in September 2019. Most of these credits have already been recovered and the restated balance on 12.31.2022 is R$28,505 (R$75,192 on December 31, 2021) with achievement expectation in 2023.

## 12.2.3 ICMS on electricity operations

Supplementary Law No. 194/2022 was published on June 23, 2022, prohibiting that ICMS rates be set on electricity transactions at a level higher than on general transactions, considering the essentiality of related goods and services. Furthermore, it set forth that ICMS is not levied on transmission and distribution services and sector charges related to electric energy transactions. In compliance with the law, and after issue of state tax authorities' opinions, the Company implemented the necessary changes in September 2022 to comply with the legislation. However, on February 9, 2023, the Brazilian Supreme Court - STF granted States, in a preliminary decision, in the records of Direct Action of Unconstitutionality - ADI 7195, suspension of the article that excluded such items from the taxed portion of the electricity bill. Considering this decision, the Company resumed ICMS taxation on said services and sector charges. On March 3, 2023, the preliminary injunction was approved by the Plenary of the STF.

## 12.2.4 Incentive installment payment program for ICMS tax credits in the State of Paraná

On September 27, 2022, the Company adhered to the installment payment program for previously recognized ICMS, established by the State of Paraná through State Law No. 20946/2021, regulated by State Decree No. 10766/2022, wherein R$92,249 debts were entered in its report of tax position, updated until September 2022 with fine, interest and monetary restatement. By adhering to said program, the Company reduced R$41,696 in charges, with a consolidated balance of R$50,553 at the adhesion date, to be paid in 60 monthly installments until September 2027, according to the mentioned program regulation. The Company has been paying the monthly installments on a regular basis, restated by the Selic rate.

## 12.3 Reconciliation of provision for income tax (IRPJ) and social contribution (CSLL)

The income tax and social contribution credits to be recovered presented in the balance sheet of December 31, 2022, in the amount of R$482,887, refer mainly to the calculation of negative balances that will be offset against federal taxes payable.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The table below demonstrates the reconciliation of IRPJ and CSLL recorded in income for the year:

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Income before IRPJ and CSLL  950,199  5,118,677  5,119,537  (-) Equity in income  (478,576)  (366,315)  (193,547)  Income after IRPJ and CSLL  471,623  4,752,362  4,925,990  IRPJ and CSLL (34%)  (160,352)  (1,615,803)  (1,674,837)  Tax effects on:  Interest on equity (JSCP)  335,697  226,928  276,808  Dividends  250  437  243  Non deductible expenses  (26,221)  (25,336)  (17,133)  Tax incentives  13,767  43,720  28,572  Unrecognized tax loss and negative basis of CSLL  (128,661)  (29,002)  (39,421)  Setting up and/or offset of income tax and social contribution losses of prior years  -  85,723  -  Difference between tax bases of deemed profit and taxable profit  35,677  49,638  121,242  Effect of non taxable monetary variation (Selic) on undue tax payments  100,282  -  -  Others  28,683  4,063  19,161  Current IRPJ and CSLL  (429,267)  (469,226)  (1,260,469)  Deferred IRPJ and CSLL  628,389  (790,406)  (24,896)  Effective rate - %  -42.2%  26.5%  26.1%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. Prepaid Expenses

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Program for incentive to alternative energy sources - Proinfa  30,538  35,837  Insurance premiums  20,919  17,692  Others  8,629  147  60,086  53,676  Current  60,076  53,649  Noncurrent  10  27   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. Judicial Deposits

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Taxes claims (14.1)  444,134  405,739  Labor claims  125,862  106,376  .  Civil claims  Civil claims  39,597  53,438  Easements  14,726  18,407  Customers  4,862  3,867  59,185  75,712  .  Other  3,277  3,304  632,458  591,131   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.1 Tax judicial deposits

Of the balance on December 31, 2022, R$241,681 (R$218,143 on December 31, 2021) refers to the challenge in court of the levy of social security contribution (INSS payable) on certain salary amounts. The liability is recorded under Other Tax Obligations (Note 12.2).

## 15. Investments

## 15.1 Changes in investments

| Balance as of  Balance as of  January 1,  Investment/  Capital  Amorti-  Dividends  Other  December 31,  2022  Equity  AFAC  decrease  zation  and JSCP  (a)  2022  Joint Ventures (15.3)  Voltalia São Miguel do Gostoso I  108,990  2,157  4,829  -  -  -  -  115,976  Voltalia São Miguel do Gostoso - authorization rights  9,304  -  -  -  (367)  -  -  8,937  Caiuá  106,977  23,806  -  -  -  (5,486)  -  125,297  Integração Maranhense  166,563  32,824  -  -  -  (6,885)  -  192,502  Matrinchã  811,771  162,298  -  -  -  (42,541)  -  931,528  Guaraciaba  407,615  82,251  -  -  -  (22,767)  -  467,099  Paranaíba  226,923  47,623  -  -  -  (10,567)  -  263,979  Mata de Santa Genebra  710,989  56,140  -  (61,536)  -  (13,333)  -  692,260  Cantareira  437,330  45,293  -  -  -  (9,254)  -  473,369  Solar Paraná  7,035  170  -  -  -  (49)  -  7,156  2,993,497  452,562  4,829  (61,536)  (367)  (110,882)  -  3,278,103  Associates  Dona Francisca Energética (15.4)  27,057  5,648  -  -  -  (4,662)  -  28,043  Foz do Chopim Energética (15.4)  19,102  20,370  -  -  -  (22,356)  -  17,116  Other  1,937  (3)  -  -  -  -  -  1,934  48,096  26,015  -  -  -  (27,018)  -  47,093  Investment property  541  -  -  -  (4)  -  (2)  535  3,042,134  478,577  4,829  (61,536)  (371)  (137,900)  (2)  3,325,731   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Transfer of assets destined for disposal.

AFAC - Advance for future capital increase

JSCP - Interest on equity

| Balance as of  Balance as of  January 1,  Investment/  Amorti-  Dividends  Other  December 31,  2021  Equity  AFAC  zation  and JSCP  (a)  2021  Joint Ventures (17.3)  Voltalia São Miguel do Gostoso I  107,721  1,269  -  -  -  -  108,990  Voltalia São Miguel do Gostoso - authorization rights  9,671  -  -  (367)  -  -  9,304  Caiuá  95,362  13,765  -  -  (2,150)  -  106,977  Integração Maranhense  148,581  20,255  -  -  (2,273)  -  166,563  Matrinchã  734,503  96,614  -  -  (19,346)  -  811,771  Guaraciaba  361,170  57,363  -  -  (10,918)  -  407,615  Paranaíba  203,681  35,112  -  -  (11,870)  -  226,923  Mata de Santa Genebra  661,430  63,173  -  -  (13,614)  -  710,989  Cantareira  359,686  53,492  30,870  -  (6,718)  -  437,330  Solar Paraná  6,831  104  100  -  -  -  7,035  2,688,636  341,147  30,970  (367)  (66,889)  -  2,993,497  Associates  Dona Francisca Energética (15.4)  28,147  8,574  -  -  (9,664)  -  27,057  Foz do Chopim Energética (15.4)  9,986  16,596  -  -  (7,480)  -  19,102  Other  1,940  (3)  -  -  -  -  1,937  40,073  25,167  -  -  (17,144)  -  48,096  Investment property  808  -  -  (5)  -  (262)  541  2,729,517  366,314  30,970  (372)  (84,033)  (262)  3,042,134   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Transfer of assets destined for disposal.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 15.2 Subsidiaries with non-controlling interests

## 15.2.1 Summarized financial information

| Compagás  Elejor  UEG Araucária  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  ASSETS  1,083,713  827,901  848,198  813,670  334,418  776,201  Current assets  282,714  355,500  224,833  166,890  97,586  515,430  Noncurrent assets  800,999  472,401  623,365  646,780  236,832  260,771  LIABILITIES  1,083,713  827,901  848,198  813,670  334,418  776,201  Current liabilities  419,277  220,216  111,142  107,772  45,115  221,853  Noncurrent liabilities  107,306  99,784  771,897  746,843  16,322  13,771  Equity  557,130  507,901  (34,841)  (40,945)  272,981  540,577  Compagás  Elejor  UEG Araucária  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  STATEMENT OF INCOME  Net operating revenue  1,297,034  783,277  535,206  194,287  171,263  194,849  98,508  2,250,577  589,909  Operating costs and expenses  (1,076,181)  (654,643)  (452,495)  (86,033)  (86,871)  (67,323)  (365,522)  (1,879,198)  (647,516)  Financial results  28,440  9,817  (764)  (113,102)  (171,888)  (172,049)  11,407  8,952  203  Income tax and social contribution  (70,092)  (38,860)  (22,967)  4,158  33,061  15,154  (11,885)  (42,248)  (19,920)  Net income (loss)  179,201  99,591  58,980  (690)  (54,435)  (29,369)  (267,492)  338,083  (77,324)  Other comprehensive income  1,433  294  (343)  6,795  -  -  (103)  -  (205)  Total comprehensive income  180,634  99,885  58,637  6,105  (54,435)  (29,369)  (267,595)  338,083  (77,529)  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  Cash flows from operating activities  280,480  178,800  101,708  45,249  127,510  22,097  (94,401)  312,676  23,491  Cash flows from investing activities  (427,175)  (14,273)  (17,120)  (7,364)  (31,095)  (208)  (139,033)  (14,579)  1,317  Cash flows from financing activities  (2,887)  (64,545)  (115,625)  -  -  (8,151)  (147)  (64,331)  32,879  TOTAL EFFECTS ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (149,582)  99,982  (31,037)  37,885  96,415  13,738  (233,581)  233,766  57,687  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  210,641  110,659  141,696  148,031  51,616  37,878  298,572  64,806  7,119  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  61,059  210,641  110,659  185,916  148,031  51,616  64,991  298,572  64,806  CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (149,582)  99,982  (31,037)  37,885  96,415  13,738  (233,581)  233,766  57,687   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In order to balance Compagas short-term financial capacity, which has negative net working capital, Management is monitoring and adopting measures to lengthen the debt.

The loss recorded at Elejor in 2021 and 2022 is due to the monetary restatement on the Accounts payable related to concessions, which increased significantly because of  the  increase  in  the  General  Market  Price  Index  -  IGPM  (Note  25).  The  loss  at  UEG  Araucária  is  due  to  the  improvement  in  the  hydrological  scenario  which, consequently, reduced the plant's dispatches during 2022.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 15.2.2 Changes in equity attributable to non-controlling shareholders

| Participation in capital stock  Compagás  49%  Elejor  30%  UEG Araucária 18.8%  Total  Balance as of January 1, 2020  273,580  12,858  59,360  345,798  Net income (loss)  28,898  (8,812)  (14,538)  5,548  Other comprehensive income  (168)  -  (39)  (207)  Additional dividends proposed  (51,799)  -  -  (51,799)  Dividends  (7,933)  -  -  (7,933)  Balance as of December 31, 2020  242,578  4,046  44,783  291,407  Net income (loss)  48,800  (16,331)  63,560  96,029  Other comprehensive income  144  -  -  144  Dividends  (42,653)  -  (6,716)  (49,369)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  248,869  (12,285)  101,627  338,211  Net income (loss)  87,809  (207)  (50,288)  37,314  Other comprehensive income  702  2,041  (22)  2,721  Dividends  (24,187)  -  -  (24,187)  Distribution of dividends with retained earnings  (40,198)  -  -  (40,198)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  272,995  (10,451)  51,317  313,861   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15.3 Summarized information on the main joint ventures

| Balance as of December 31, 2022  Voltalia  Caiuá  Integração  Maranhense  Matrinchã  Guaraciaba  Paranaíba  Mata de Santa  Genebra  Cantareira  .  ASSETS  238,907  327,819  588,279  2,935,068  1,568,964  1,921,848  3,587,501  1,805,583  Current assets  10,883  38,421  78,790  427,118  211,094  223,010  539,668  226,945  Cash and cash equivalents  10,797  13,440  28,997  136,878  56,436  56,518  32,903  73,866  Other current assets  86  24,981  49,793  290,240  154,658  166,492  506,765  153,079  Noncurrent assets  228,024  289,398  509,489  2,507,950  1,357,870  1,698,838  3,047,833  1,578,638  .  LIABILITIES  238,907  327,819  588,279  2,935,068  1,568,964  1,921,848  3,587,501  1,805,583  Current liabilities  2,220  22,569  59,771  225,502  154,404  125,681  113,772  92,290  Financial liabilities  -  7,273  12,774  130,033  42,260  59,606  70,775  59,850  Other current liabilities  2,220  15,296  46,997  95,469  112,144  66,075  42,997  32,440  Noncurrent liabilities  -  49,542  135,645  808,485  461,297  718,700  2,091,971  747,233  Financial liabilities  -  28,705  40,415  578,340  397,181  475,804  1,668,794  423,563  Other noncurrent liabilities  -  20,837  95,230  230,145  64,116  242,896  423,177  323,670  Equity  236,687  255,708  392,863  1,901,081  953,263  1,077,467  1,381,758  966,060  .  STATEMENT OF INCOME  Net operating revenue  -  62,864  100,482  518,428  266,855  231,960  415,526  188,348  Operating costs and expenses  (78)  (5,876)  (4,022)  (33,073)  (40,926)  (20,181)  (68,472)  (10,885)  Financial results  1,291  (1,605)  (2,286)  (59,543)  (37,598)  (48,430)  (177,322)  (37,815)  Equity in earnings of investees  2,502  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Income tax and social contribution  (258)  (6,802)  (27,185)  (94,589)  (20,473)  31,030  (57,676)  (47,212)  Net income (loss)  3,457  48,581  66,989  331,223  167,858  194,379  112,056  92,436  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total comprehensive income  3,457  48,581  66,989  331,223  167,858  194,379  112,056  92,436  .  Investment interest - %  49.0  49.0  49.0  49.0  49.0  24.5  50.1  49.0  Investment book value  115,976  125,297  192,502  931,528  467,099  263,979  692,260  473,369   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

On December 31, 2022, the interest of Copel in the commitments assumed by its joint ventures is equivalent to R$978 and in the contingent liabilities classified as a possible loss is equivalent to R$413,034 (R$250,262 as of December 31, 2021), of which the amount of R$180,706 (R$187,243 as of December 31, 2021) refers to Mata de Santa Genebra.

In  June  2022,  Copel  GeT  recorded  R$133,922  in  equity  in  earnings  of  investees  resulting  from  the  effects  of  the  tariff  review  of  Caiuá,  Integração  Maranhense, Matrinchã and Guaraciaba.

| Balance as of December 31, 2021  Voltalia  Caiuá  Integração  Maranhense  Matrinchã  Guaraciaba  Paranaíba  Mata de Santa  Genebra  Cantareira  .  ASSETS  224,632  284,870  515,495  2,610,094  1,413,231  1,829,340  3,203,892  1,715,776  Current assets  3,711  30,304  65,219  367,428  194,283  193,190  681,494  196,424  Cash and cash equivalents  3,667  6,117  16,501  96,346  70,543  32,665  387,027  52,354  Other current assets  44  24,187  48,718  271,082  123,740  160,525  294,467  144,070  Noncurrent assets  220,921  254,566  450,276  2,242,666  1,218,948  1,636,150  2,522,398  1,519,352  .  LIABILITIES  224,632  284,870  515,495  2,610,094  1,413,231  1,829,340  3,203,892  1,715,776  Current liabilities  2,206  14,562  53,132  126,211  101,042  85,964  123,884  78,982  Financial liabilities  -  7,386  13,169  91,811  34,529  51,453  45,898  52,397  Other current liabilities  2,206  7,176  39,963  34,400  66,513  34,511  77,986  26,585  Noncurrent liabilities  -  51,986  122,438  827,205  480,320  817,159  1,660,867  744,285  Financial liabilities  -  35,606  52,653  685,525  428,314  522,289  1,630,306  456,180  Other noncurrent liabilities  -  16,380  69,785  141,680  52,006  294,870  30,561  288,105  Equity  222,426  218,322  339,925  1,656,678  831,869  926,217  1,419,141  892,509  .  STATEMENT OF INCOME  Net operating income  -  43,128  71,868  396,622  229,117  285,483  426,573  233,888  Operating costs and expenses  (64)  (5,609)  (10,508)  (24,341)  (7,185)  (17,537)  (72,970)  (24,727)  Financial results  162  (2,348)  (3,954)  (83,280)  (44,131)  (62,138)  (162,110)  (43,794)  Equity in income of subsidiaries  2,506  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Income tax and social contribution  (17)  (7,078)  (16,072)  (91,830)  (60,617)  (62,638)  (65,399)  (56,201)  Net income (loss)  2,587  28,093  41,334  197,171  117,184  143,170  126,094  109,166  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total comprehensive income  2,587  28,093  41,334  197,171  117,184  143,170  126,094  109,166  .  Investment interest - %  49.0  49.0  49.0  49.0  49.0  24.5  50.1  49.0  Investment book value  108,990  106,979  166,564  811,773  407,617  226,924  710,991  437,330   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Balance as of December 31, 2020  Voltalia  Caiuá  Integração  Maranhense  Matrinchã  Guaraciaba  Paranaíba  Mata de Santa  Genebra  Cantareira  .  STATEMENT OF INCOME  Net operating income  -  17,927  31,418  328,171  109,978  478,147  364,070  196,039  Operating costs and expenses  (66)  (34,584)  11,706  (160,795)  (8,317)  (18,801)  (125,569)  (23,533)  Financial results  32  (3,389)  (5,229)  (71,164)  (38,883)  (48,184)  (91,947)  (40,630)  Equity in income of subsidiaries  (4,893)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Income tax and social contribution  -  1,752  (9,991)  (30,178)  (22,084)  (125,646)  (49,560)  (44,805)  Net income (loss)  (4,927)  (18,294)  27,904  66,034  40,694  285,516  96,994  87,071  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total comprehensive income  (4,927)  (18,294)  27,904  66,034  40,694  285,516  96,994  87,071   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15.4 Summarized information of the main associates

| Dona Francisca  Foz do Chopim  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  .  ASSETS  175,415  180,425  51,449  55,900  Current assets  10,148  13,570  11,730  13,308  Noncurrent assets  165,267  166,855  39,719  42,592  .  LIABILITIES  175,415  180,425  51,449  55,900  Current liabilities  22,373  19,938  3,596  2,495  Noncurrent liabilities  31,266  42,988  -  -  Equity  121,776  117,499  47,853  53,405  .  Investment interest - %  23.03  23.03  35.77  35.77  Investment book value  28,043  27,057  17,116  19,102   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Dona Francisca  Foz do Chopim  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  .  STATEMENT OF INCOME  Net operating revenue  66,163  66,797  70,314  77,779  60,943  55,740  Operating costs and expenses  (33,460)  (26,605)  (26,171)  (18,664)  (10,775)  (21,260)  Financial results  (5,172)  (664)  208  449  (1,703)  (5,527)  Income tax and social contribution  (3,009)  (2,298)  (2,343)  (2,617)  (2,060)  (2,035)  Net income  24,522  37,230  42,008  56,947  46,405  26,918  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total comprehensive income  24,522  37,230  42,008  56,947  46,405  26,918   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On December 31, 2022, the interest of Copel in the contingent liabilities of its associates is equivalent to R$2,581 (R$2,166 as of December 31, 2021).

## 16. Property, Plant and Equipment

## 16.1 Property, plant and equipment by asset class

| Accumulated  Accumulated  Cost  depreciation  12.31.2022  Cost  depreciation  12.31.2021  In service  Reservoirs, dams and aqueducts  8,200,744  (4,925,970)  3,274,774  8,161,702  (4,776,639)  3,385,063  Machinery and equipment  8,951,061  (3,060,695)  5,890,366  8,409,689  (2,840,114)  5,569,575  Buildings  2,001,801  (1,160,549)  841,252  1,993,695  (1,125,862)  867,833  Land  510,681  (59,157)  451,524  508,164  (49,046)  459,118  Vehicles and aircraft  35,457  (33,115)  2,342  33,871  (32,756)  1,115  Furniture and fixtures  17,007  (10,871)  6,136  16,400  (10,966)  5,434  (-) Impairment (16.4)  (785,205)  -  (785,205)  (710,509)  -  (710,509)  (-) Special Obligations  (748)  330  (418)  (792)  290  (502)  18,930,798  (9,250,027)  9,680,771  18,412,220  (8,835,093)  9,577,127  In progress  Cost  575,080  -  575,080  752,846  -  752,846  (-) Impairment (16.4)  (186,383)  -  (186,383)  (187,382)  -  (187,382)  388,697  -  388,697  565,464  -  565,464  19,319,495  (9,250,027)  10,069,468  18,977,684  (8,835,093)  10,142,591   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 16.2 Changes in property, plant and equipment

| Balance as of  January 1, 2022  Additions /  Impairment  Depreciation  Loss on disposal  Transfers  Balance as of  December 31, 2022  In service  Reservoirs, dams and aqueducts  3,385,063  -  (149,331)  -  39,042  3,274,774  Machinery and equipment  5,569,575  -  (333,396)  (29,678)  683,865  5,890,366  Buildings  867,833  -  (35,834)  (333)  9,586  841,252  Land  459,118  -  (10,111)  (381)  2,898  451,524  Vehicles and aircraft  1,115  -  (389)  -  1,616  2,342  Furniture and fixtures  5,434  -  (584)  (111)  1,397  6,136  (-) Impairment (16.4)  (710,509)  (74,696)  -  -  -  (785,205)  (-) Special Obligations  (502)  -  125  -  (41)  (418)  9,577,127  (74,696)  (529,520)  (30,503)  738,363  9,680,771  In progress  Cost  752,846  559,318  -  (12,338)  (724,746)  575,080  (-) Impairment (16.4)  (187,382)  999  -  -  -  (186,383)  565,464  560,317  -  (12,338)  (724,746)  388,697  10,142,591  485,621  (529,520)  (42,841)  13,617  10,069,468   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Balance as of  January 1, 2021  Additions /  Impairment  Depreciation Loss on disposal  Transfers  Copel Telecom  Disposal  Other (b)  Balance as of  December 31,  2021  In service  Reservoirs, dams and aqueducts  3,481,391  -  (174,810)  2,147  76,335  -  -  3,385,063  Machinery and equipment  5,647,220  -  (375,430)  (26,345)  174,615  (605,042)  754,557  5,569,575  Buildings  872,575  -  (38,629)  (506)  35,060  (667)  -  867,833  Land  451,908  -  (10,777)  (763)  18,848  (98)  -  459,118  Vehicles and aircraft  1,892  -  (835)  (68)  134  (8)  -  1,115  Furniture and fixtures  6,816  -  (1,079)  (46)  1,562  (1,819)  -  5,434  (-) Impairment (16.4)  (925,521)  215,012  -  -  -  -  -  (710,509)  (-) Impairment Copel TEL  (27,928)  1,989  -  -  -  25,939  -  -  (-) Special Obligations  (251)  -  89  -  (340)  -  -  (502)  (-) Reclassification (a)  (622,988)  -  -  -  41,293  581,695  -  -  8,885,114  217,001  (601,471)  (25,581)  347,507  -  754,557  9,577,127  In progress  Cost  795,816  406,173  -  (42,655)  (335,975)  (70,513)  -  752,846  (-) Impairment (16.4)  (120,308)  (67,074)  -  -  -  -  -  (187,382)  (-) Impairment Copel TEL  (3,853)  3,103  -  -  -  750  -  -  (-) Reclassification (a)  (61,309)  -  -  -  (8,454)  69,763  -  -  610,346  342,202  -  (42,655)  (344,429)  -  -  565,464  9,495,460  559,203  (601,471)  (68,236)  3,078  -  754,557  10,142,591   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Reclassification to Assets classified as held for sale (Note 39).

(b) Effects of acquisition of Vilas Complex (Note 1.2 of Financial Statements as of December 31, 2021)

During the construction phase, loans, financing and debentures costs are capitalized. In 2022, these costs totaled R$13,468, at an average rate of 0.32% p.a. (R$953, at an average rate of 0.02% p.a., in 2021).

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 16.3 Joint operations - consortiums

The amounts recorded under property, plant and equipment referring to the share of interest of Copel GeT in consortiums are shown below:

| Share  Annual average  Joint operations  Copel GeT (%)  depreciation rate(%)  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  HPP Gov. Jayme Canet Júnior (Mauá) - Consórcio  Energético Cruzeiro do Sul  51.0  In service  859,882  859,926  (-) Accumulated depreciation  2.90  (288,728)  (263,792)  In progress  19,899  20,527  591,053  616,661  HPP Baixo Iguaçu  30.0  In service  693,487  692,395  (-) Accumulated depreciation  3.28  (87,278)  (64,519)  In progress  55,863  56,027  662,072  683,903  1,253,125  1,300,564   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16.4 Impairment of generation segment assets

The cash-generating units of the generation segment were tested based on the analysis of impairment indicators, assumptions representing the best estimates of the Company's Management, the methodology provided for in IAS 36 and the measurement of value in use.

The  calculation  of  the  value  in  use  was  based  on  discounted  operating  cash  flows  over  the  time  of  concessions,  maintaining  the  Company's  current  commercial conditions. The rate used to discount the cash flows was set and updated considering the WACC (Weighted Average Cost of Capital) and CAPM (Capital Asset Pricing Model) methodologies, by font type, for the generation business, considering usual market parameters.

Internal references such as the budget approved by the Company, historical or past data, updating of the timeframe of work and amount of investments for projects in course support the design of key assumptions by Company Management. In the same framework, external references such as level of consumption of electric power and the availability of water resources support the key information about estimated cash flows.

Several assumptions used by Company Management when determining future cash flows can be affected by uncertain events, which, in turn, may give rise to variation in results. Changes in the political and economic model, for example, may lead to upward trend when projecting country risk-rating, increasing the discount rates used in tests.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The tests considered the following key assumptions:

- Growth compatible with historical data and perspective for the Brazilian economy growth;
- Updating specific after-tax discount rates for the segment tested, obtained through the methodology usually applied by the market, taking into consideration the weighted average cost of capital;
- Projected revenue in accordance with the agreements in force and future market expectations, without any expectation for renewal of concession/authorization;
- Expenses broken into cash generating units, projected in view of the budget approved by the Company;
- Updating of regulatory charges.

The Company considered all its generation projects as independent cash generating units.

The projects with impairment balances recorded on December 31, 2022 are the following:

| Property, Plant and Equipment  Cost  Depreciation  Impairment  Value in use  HPP Colíder  2,558,634  (320,171)  (632,559)  1,605,904  UEGA  686,498  (384,810)  (108,132)  193,556  Consórcio Tapajós (a)  14,879  -  (14,879)  -  Power plants in Paraná  1,052,717  (130,051)  (216,018)  706,648  4,312,728  (835,032)  (971,588)  2,506,108   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)

Project under development

The table below shows the changes in the impairment:

| Balance as of January 1,  2021 Impairment / Reversal  Balance as of December 31, 2021 Impairment / Reversal  Balance as of December 31, 2022  In service  HPP Colíder  (683,193)  43,664  (639,529)  6,970  (632,559)  UEGA  (138,777)  138,777  -  (108,132)  (108,132)  Power plants in Paraná  (103,551)  32,571  (70,980)  26,466  (44,514)  (925,521)  215,012  (710,509)  (74,696)  (785,205)  In progress  Consórcio Tapajós  (14,464)  (415)  (14,879)  -  (14,879)  Power plants in Paraná  (105,844)  (66,659)  (172,503)  999  (171,504)  (120,308)  (67,074)  (187,382)  999  (186,383)  (1,045,829)  147,938  (897,891)  (73,697)  (971,588)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16.4.1 HPP Colíder

In December 2022, the value in use calculation considered the Company's assumptions and budgets and the after-tax discount rate of 5.71% p.a. (in 2021, 5.77% p.a.), which derives from the WACC methodology for the electricity generation segment. The revision of the expected revenue from the sale of energy, which offset increases in operating costs and regulatory charges, and the variation in the book value, enabled the partial reversal of the impairment.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 16.4.2 UEG Araucária

In December 2022, the value in use calculation considered the Company's assumptions and budgets, review of the expected dispatch, update of the Variable Unit Cost CVU and the after-tax discount rate of 7.00% p.a. (in 2021, 7.69% p.a.), which derives from the WACC methodology for the electricity generation segment, plus the additional risk associated with revenue variation. Due to the review of the assumptions, mainly the reduction in the expectation of dispatch from the plant in relation to December 31, 2021, when an increase in demand from the plant was expected because of unfavorable hydrological conditions, impairment was recognized in 2022, considering the significant change in the hydrological scenario of the country.

## 16.4.3 TPP Figueira

In December 2022, the value in use calculation considered the Company's assumptions and budgets, the after-tax discount rate of 6.23% p.a. (in 2021, 5.77% p.a.), which  derives  from  the  WACC  methodology  for  the  segment  of  electric  energy  generation  for  thermal  sources,  the  postponement  of  the  start-up  of  the  plant  in December 2022 (in 2021, the expectation was for April of 2022), the revision of the expected revenue from the sale of energy and compensation for the asset's residual balance, changes in operating costs and Capex, and the revision of the coal balance to be refunded to the CDE account. By reviewing the set of assumptions, the partial reversal of the impairment was recognized.

## 16.4.4 Other plants in the State of Paraná

In December 2022, value in use calculation of generation assets in the State of Paraná considered: i) Company assumptions and budgets; ii) after-tax discount rate of 5.71% p.a. (in 2021, 5.77% p.a.), which derives from the WACC methodology for the electricity generation segment; and iii) review of regulatory charges and operating costs that were offset by the expected sale of uncontracted energy. By reviewing the set of assumptions and the variation in the book value, it was possible to reverse part of the impairment balance.

## 16.4.5 Cash generating units that do not show reversal or provision for impairment

The plants that did not suffer impairment have a recoverable value greater than the book value of the property, plant and equipment assets. The following table presents the percentage in which the recoverable value ('RV') exceeds the book value ('BV') of the assets and demonstrates the sensitivity analysis increasing by 5% and 10% the discount rate for assessing the risk of impairment of each plant.

## COMPANHIA PARANAENSE DE ENERGIA - COPEL and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| Discount  RV/BV-1  RV/BV-1  Cash-generating units  rate  RV/BV-1  (5% Variation)  (10% Variation)  Impairment Risk  Wind power Assets  São Bento Complex (a)  8.06%  59.64%  55.18%  50.93%  -  Brisa I Complex(b)  8.06%  58.38%  53.76%  49.35%  -  Brisa II Complex(c)  8.06%  55.70%  50.85%  46.24%  -  Bento Miguel Complex (d)  8.06%  15.96%  12.23%  8.70%  -  Cutia Complex (e)  8.06%  11.67%  8.36%  5.21%  -  Jandaíra Complex (f)  5.61%  29.61%  25.92%  22.41%  -  Vilas Complex (g)  5.44%  43.11%  38.61%  34.35%  -  Hydric Assets  Foz do Areia  5.71%  29.95%  29.58%  29.21%  -  Segredo  5.71%  96.90%  94.04%  91.24%  -  Caxias  5.71%  73.31%  70.52%  67.81%  -  Guaricana  5.71%  31.92%  30.77%  29.63%  -  Chaminé  5.71%  61.48%  60.03%  58.61%  -  Apucaraninha  5.71%  28.85%  27.83%  26.81%  -  Mauá  5.71%  106.38%  101.73%  97.25%  -  Marumbi  5.71%  30.16%  22.67%  20.19%  -  Cavernoso II  5.71%  28.09%  24.87%  21.79%  -  Bela Vista  7.67%  56.29%  49.96%  44.51%  -  Elejor  7.00%  9.45%  6.89%  1.82%  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Contemplates the GE Boa Vista, GE Farol, GE Olho D'Água e GE São Bento do Norte wind farms.

(b) Contemplates the Nova Asa Branca I, Nova Asa Branca II, Nova Asa Branca III e Nova Eurus IV wind farms.

(c) Contemplates the Santa Maria, Santa Helena e Ventos de Santo Uriel wind farms.

(d) Contemplates the São Bento do Norte I, São Bento do Norte II, São Bento do Norte III, São Miguel I, São Miguel II and GE São Miguel III wind farms.

(e) Contemplates the Cutia, Guajiru, Jangada, Maria Helena, Potiguar, Esperança e Paraíso dos Ventos wind farms.

(f) Contemplates the Jandaíra I, Jandaíra II, Jandaíra III e Jandaíra IV wind farms.

(g) Contemplates the Potiguar B61, Potiguar B141, Potiguar B142, Potiguar B143 e Ventos de Vila Paraíba IV wind farms.

## 16.5 New plants under construction

## 16.5.1 SHP Bela Vista

With estimated investment of R$224,673, this small hydroelectric power plant (SHP), with installed capacity of 29.81 MW and assured energy of 18.61 MW average, was built on the Chopim River, in the municipalities of São João and Verê, located in the southwest region of the State of Paraná.

The participation in the A-6 auction held on August 31, 2018, led to sale of 14.7 MW average in regulated contracts at the original price of R$195.70/MWh. The energy sale contracts provide for beginning of energy supply on January 1, 2024, with a 30-year term and annual adjustment by reference to IPCA variation.

The works started in August 2019 and the entry into commercial operation of three generating units took place in 2021. The generating center (Stream Diver) has been cleared for start of test operation as of March 28, 2023.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 16.5.2 Jandaíra Wind Complex

With an estimated investment of R$411,610, this wind farm, with an installed capacity of 90.1 MW and a assured energy of 47.6 MW average, is being built in the municipalities of Pedra Preta and Jandaíra, in the state of Rio Grande do Norte. The participation in the new power generation auction A-6, held on October 18, 2019, led to the sale of 14.4 MW average in regulated contracts at the original price of R$98.00/MWh. The energy sale contracts provided for beginning of energy supply on January 1, 2025, with a 20-year term and annual adjustment by reference to IPCA variation.

With  all  the  necessary  licenses,  the  civil  works  started  in  January  2021.  The  complex,  with  26  generating  units  divided  into  4  wind  farms,  began  the  commercial operation of the entire wind complex during the year 2022.

## 16.6 Depreciation rates

| Depreciation rates (%)  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Average generation segment rates (Note 16.6.1)  General equipment  6.25  6.25  6.26  Machinery and equipment  3.68  3.68  3.39  Generations  3.42  3.42  3.73  Reservoirs, dams and ducts  2.67  2.56  2.68  Hydraulic turbines  2.89  2.90  2.93  Gas and steam turbines  4.00  4.00  4.00  Gas processing  3.00  3.00  3.00  Wind power plant unit  4.94  4.98  4.94  Buildings  3.07  3.15  3.15  Average rates for central government assets  Buildings  3.33  3.33  3.35  Machinery and office equipment  6.25  6.27  6.25  Furniture and fixtures  6.25  6.30  6.25  Vehicles  14.29  14.29  14.29   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

16.6.1 Assets with depreciation rates limited to the concession term

The assets of the original project of the Mauá, Colíder, Baixo Iguaçu, Cavernoso II plants and SHP Bela Vista, of Copel GeT, and of the Santa Clara and Fundão plants, of Elejor, are considered by the Granting Authority, without full guarantee of indemnification for their residual value at the end of the concession term. This interpretation is based on the Concessions Law No. 8,987/1995 and Decree No. 2,003/1996, which regulate the generation of electricity by independent generators. Accordingly, from the entry into operation of these assets, including land, depreciation is recognized at the highest rate among that determined by the useful lives of the assets or the rate calculated based on the concession period.

As provided for in the concession contracts, subsequent investments not foreseen in the original project, as long as approved by the Granting Authority and not yet amortized, will be indemnified at the end of the concession period and depreciated at the rates established by the useful lives of the assets, as from the date of their entry in operation.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

In the same way, wind generation assets, whose electric energy produced is intended for sale in the Independent Electric Energy Production modality, as established in articles 12, 15 and 16 of Law No. 9,074/1995, are also depreciated at the highest rate between the one determined by the useful life of the assets or the rate calculated based on the authorization period.

## 17. Intangible assets

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Concession agreement - distribution of electricity (17.1)  7,257,827  6,596,184  Generation concession agreements/ authorization (17.2)  2,252,615  2,473,858  Concession agreement - piped gas distribution (17.3)  726,107  96,145  Other intangible assets (17.4)  41,178  49,373  10,277,727  9,215,560   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management did not identify evidence that would justify the need to recognize impairment of intangible assets in 2022 and 2021.

## 17.1 Power distribution service concession

| Intangible asset  Special liabilities  in service  in service  Total  Balance as of January 1, 2021  8,953,486  (2,750,099)  6,203,387  Transfers from accounts receivable - concessions (Note 10.1)  -  (8,385)  (8,385)  Transfers from contract assets (Note 10.1)  943,905  (122,346)  821,559  Transfers to other receivables  (3,563)  -  (3,563)  Amortization quotas - concession (a)  (522,525)  146,697  (375,828)  Amortization quotas - PIS/Pasep and Cofins credits  (10,363)  -  (10,363)  Loss on disposal  (30,623)  -  (30,623)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  9,330,317  (2,734,133)  6,596,184  Transfers from contract assets (Note 10.1)  1,332,118  (194,794)  1,137,324  Transfers to other receivables  (955)  -  (955)  Amortization quotas - concession (a)  (564,252)  153,503  (410,749)  Amortization quotas - PIS/Pasep and Cofins credits  (10,483)  -  (10,483)  Loss on disposal  (53,494)  -  (53,494)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  10,033,251  (2,775,424)  7,257,827   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Amortization during the concession period after the transfer to intangible assets in service of useful life of the assets, whichever the lower.

The balance refers to the portion of infrastructure that will be used during concession, net of special liabilities. The special liabilities represent the resources related to the financial  participation  of  consumers,  the  Federal,  State  and  Municipal  Governments, destined to investments in projects related to the concession, and are not onerous liabilities or shareholder credits.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 17.2 Generation concession agreements

| Concession  Concession and  contract (a)  authorization  in service  in progress  rights/ goodwill  Total  Balance as of January 1, 2021  195,622  -  358,218  553,840  Effect of acquisition of control of Vilas Complex  -  -  277,120  277,120  Technical goodwill arising from the business combination - Vilas Complex  -  -  94,221  94,221  ANEEL grant - use of public property  63,446  1,823  -  65,269  Amortization quotas - concession and authorization (b)  (72,148)  -  (14,987)  (87,135)  Capitalizations for intangible in service  1,823  (1,823)  -  Hydrological Risk Renegotiation - GSF  1,570,543  -  -  1,570,543  Balance as of December 31, 2021  1,759,286  -  714,572  2,473,858  Effect of acquisition of control of Vilas Complex (Note 1.1.1)  -  -  23,982  23,982  Technical goodwill arising from the business combination - Vilas Complex (Note 1.1.1)  -  -  8,154  8,154  Amortization quotas - concession and authorization (b)  (228,509)  -  (24,870)  (253,379)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  1,530,777  -  721,838  2,252,615   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Includes the balances of use of public asset and hydrological risk renegotiation

(b) Amortization during the concession/authorization as of the start of commercial operations of the enterprises.

## 17.3 Piped gas distribution service concession

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  132,366  Transfers from contract assets (Note 10.2)  3,398  Transfers from accounts receivable - concessions (Note 9.2)  (1,398)  Amortization quotas - concession  (38,221)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  96,145  Additions - renewal of the concession  413,410  Transfers from contract assets (Note 10.2)  13,738  Transfers to accounts receivable - concessions (Note 9.2)  243,628  Amortization quotas - concession  (40,690)  Loss on disposal  (124)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  726,107   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The additions and the balance transferred from the Accounts receivable related to the concession are due to the renewal of the Compagas concession (Note 2.1.1). The amount recorded as an Intangible asset will be amortized as of the concession renewal, over the expected useful life of the asset (30 years for gas distribution operation assets and 10 years for other assets), limited to the final term of the concession.

## 17.4 Other intangible assets

Assets consisting of software purchased from third parties or generated internally, measured at total acquisition cost minus amortization expenses.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| in service  in progress  Total  Balance as of January 1, 2021  19,209  20,654  39,863  Effect of acquisition of control of Vilas Complex  10,275  -  10,275  Acquisitions  -  10,375  10,375  Transfers from property, plant and equipment  986  482  1,468  Capitalizations for intangible in service  4,453  (4,453)  -  Amortization quotas (a)  (7,770)  -  (7,770)  Amortization quotas - PIS/Pasep and Cofins credits  (5)  -  (5)  Partial division of assets  (5,047)  (526)  (5,573)  (-) Reclassification (b)  141  599  740  Balance as of December 31, 2021  22,242  27,131  49,373  Acquisitions  -  8,319  8,319  Transfers from property, plant and equipment  (9,795)  -  (9,795)  Capitalizations for intangible in service  5,561  (5,561)  -  Amortization quotas (a)  (5,160)  -  (5,160)  Loss on disposal  -  (1,559)  (1,559)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  12,848  28,330  41,178   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Annual amortization rate: 20%.

(b) Reclassification to Assets classified as held for sale (Note 39).

## 18. Payroll, Social Charges and Accruals

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Social security liabilities  Taxes and social contribution  42,829  46,245  Social security charges on paid vacation and 13th salary  15,547  17,792  58,376  64,037  Labor liabilities  Payroll, net (a)  47,462  -  Vacation  95,930  107,471  Provisions for performance andprofit sharing  47,726  364,701  Voluntary dismissal program  2,895  68,601  Other liabilities  400  -  194,413  540,773  252,789  604,810   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Refers to the provision for the salary adjustment referring to the Collective Labour Agreement approved in January 2023, with retroactive effects to October 2022 (base date of the agreement).

## 19. Accounts Payable to Suppliers

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Energy power  1,208,733  1,303,386  Materials and supplies  626,710  770,629  Natural gas for resale  93,696  60,121  Charges for use of grid system  286,331  576,848  2,215,470  2,710,984  Current  2,090,022  2,585,735  Noncurrent  125,448  125,249   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. Loans and Financing

| Contractual  Effective  12.31.202212.31.2021  Issue  Number of  Final  Payment  financial  interest  Contract  Contracts  Company  Allocation  Guarantees  Date  installment  maturity  of  charges  charges p.a.  rate p.a.  amount  FOREIGN  CURRENCY  National  Treasury  Department (STN  -  Secretaria do  Tesouro  Nacional  )  Par Bond (a)  Copel  Debt negotiation  Guarantees deposited  05.20.1998  1 04.11.2024  Half-  yearly  6.0% + 0.20%  6.0% + 0.20%  17,315  -  89,058  Discount Bond (a)  05.20.1998  1 04.11.2024  Half-  yearly  1% + 0.20%  1% + 0.20%  12,082  -  61,514  Total foreign  currency  -  150,572  LOCAL  CURRENCY  Banco do Brasil  CCB 306.401.381  (b)  Copel HOL  Working capital.  Credit assignment  07.21.2015  203.25.2023  Quarterly  135.00% of DI  145.46% of DI  640,005  -  641,207  CCB 265.901.903  Copel DIS  06.29.2022  206.24.2025  Quarterly  DI + spread  1,25%  DI + spread  2,14%  750,000  751,673  -  751,673  641,207  Caixa Econômica  Federal  Commercial paper  Copel GET  Partial amortization of the 3, 4 and 5 debenture issues  and meeting various short-term obligations,  including energy purchases, regulatory obligations  and dividends.  Personal guarantee  09.10.2022  209.10.2025  Half-  yearly  DI + spread  1,22%  DI + spread  1,31%  1,000,000  1,037,946  -  1,037,946  -  Caixa Econômica  Federal  415.855-22/14  Copel DIS  Rural Electricity Program -  Luz para Todos  .  Own revenue; issue of  promissory notes and  commercial duplicates.  03.31.2015  12012.08.2026 Monthly  6.0%  6.0%  16,984  7,664  9,580  7,664  9,580  Banco do  Nordeste do  Brasil  35202166127989  Jandaíra I  Implementation of Jandaíra Wind Complex.  Bank guarantee  05.31.2021  19206.15.2038 Monthly  2.7086% + IPCA  3.0107% +  IPCA  21,687  17,969  7,312  35202164527986  Jandaíra II  05.31.2021  19206.15.2038 Monthly  2.2161% + IPCA  and 2.7086% +  IPCA  3.0107% +  IPCA  56,421  46,644  18,424  35202162927987  Jandaíra III  05.31.2021  19206.15.2038 Monthly  2.7086% + IPCA  3.0107% +  IPCA  65,158  53,843  21,645  35202160027984  Jandaíra IV  05.31.2021  19206.15.2038 Monthly  2.2161% + IPCA  and 2.7086% +  IPCA  3.0107% +  IPCA  65,421  54,053  22,058  35201915725525  Potiguar B141  Implementation of Vilas Wind Complex.  Fiduciary assignment of credit  rights; fiduciary assignment of  rights under the O&amp;M contract;  fiduciary assignment of rights  arising from the authorization;  pledge of shares; fiduciary  alienation of project machinery  and equipment; 100% bank  guarantee; fiduciary  assignment of the Debt  Service Reserve Accounts;  fiduciary assignment of the  operating reserve account  (O&amp;M); Shareholder support  agreement  04.04.2019  21604.15.2039 Monthly  IPCA + 2.3323%  IPCA +  2.3323%  92,138  89,685  94,781  35201922425522  Potiguar B142  04.04.2019  21604.15.2039 Monthly  IPCA + 2.3323%  IPCA +  2.3323%  92,213  89,709  94,809  35201926525533  Potiguar B143  04.11.2019  21604.15.2039 Monthly  IPCA + 2.3323%  IPCA +  2.3323%  92,138  89,376  94,453  35201910625534  Ventos de Vila  Paraíba IV  04.18.2019  21605.15.2039 Monthly  IPCA + 2.3323%  IPCA +  2.3323%  92,138  91,004  96,237  352020148727169  Potiguar B61  08.11.2020  21608.15.2040 Monthly  IPCA + 1.4865%  IPCA +  1.4865%  163,886  186,552  176,324  718,835  626,043  Banco do Brasil -  BNDES Transfer  21/02000-0  Copel GeT  Implementation of Mauá HPP.  Revenue from energy sales  from the plant.  04.16.2009  17901.15.2028 Monthly  2.13% above  TJLP  2.13% above  TJLP  169,500  60,720  72,109  60,720  72,109   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) On March 10, 2022, the debt was redeemed in advance, net of the collateral and escrow deposits.

(b) Debt renegotiated in March 2021, with changes in the amortization dates and the amount of financial charges.

(c) Commercial paper, single series, for public distribution with restricted efforts. Guarantor: Copel. Trustee: Pentágono S.A. DTVM.

(1) IPCA used in the calculation of interest and not in the update of the principal.

(continued)

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| Contractual  Effective  12.31.202212.31.2021  Issue  Number of  Final  Payment  financial  interest  Contract  Contracts  Company  Allocation  Guarantees  Date  installment  maturity  of  charges  charges p.a.  rate p.a.  amount  BNDES  820989.1  Copel GeT  Implementation of Mauá HPP.  Revenue from energy sales  from the plant.  03.17.2009  17901.15.2028 Monthly  1.63% above  TJLP  1.63% above  TJLP  169,500  60,719  72,109  1120952.1  Implementation of transmission line between Foz do  Iguaçu and Cascavel Oeste substations.  Assignment of receivables;  revenue from energy  transmission services.  12.16.2011  16804.15.2026 Monthly  1.82% and  1.42% above  TJLP  1.82% and  1.42% above  TJLP  44,723  11,186  14,431  1220768.1  Implementation of Cavernoso II SHP.  Revenue from energy sales  from the plant.  09.28.2012  19207.15.2029 Monthly  1.36% above  TJLP  1.36% above  TJLP  73,122  32,012  36,593  13211061  Implementation of Colíder HPP.  Assignment of receivables  12.04.2013  19210.15.2031 Monthly  0% and 1.49%  above TJLP  6.43% and  7.68%  1,041,155  615,968  680,413  13210331  Implementation of Cerquilho III substation.  12.03.2013  16808.15.2028 Monthly  1.49% and  1.89% above  TJLP  1.49% and  1.89% above  TJLP  17,644  7,502  8,758  15206041  Implementation of transmission line Assis - Paraguaçu  Paulista II.  12.28.2015  16806.15.2030 Monthly  2.42% above  TJLP  9.04%  34,265  16,139  18,151  15205921  Implementation of transmission lines Londrina - Figueira  and Salto Osório - Foz do Chopim.  12.28.2015  16812.15.2029 Monthly  2.32% above  TJLP  8.93%  21,584  9,542  10,822  18205101  Implementation of Baixo Iguaçu HPP.  11.22.2018  19206.15.2035 Monthly  1.94% above  TJLP  8.50%  194,000  159,948  171,447  19207901-  A+B+E+F+G+H  Implementation of transmission facilities for the line:  substation Medianeira; substation Curitiba Centro and  Curitiba Uberaba and substation Andirá Leste.  06.03.2020  27912.15.2043 Monthly  IPCA + 4.8165%  IPCA +  4.8570%  206,882  200,932  185,532  19207901-  C+D+I+J  Implementation of transmission facilities for the line:  transmission line Curitiba Leste - Blumenal and Baixo  Iguaçu - Realeza.  06.03.2020  26712.15.2043 Monthly  IPCA +  4.8165%  IPCA +  4.8570%  225,230  188,869  162,773  14205611-C  Copel DIS  Preservation of business, improvements, operating  support and general investments in the expansion and  consolidation of projects and social investment programs  of companies (ISE).  Surety of Copel; assignment  of revenues and indemnity  rights under the concession.  12.15.2014  11306.15.2024 Monthly  6.0%  6.0%  78,921  11,757  19,595  14.2.1271.1  Santa Maria  Construction and implementation of wind generating  plants.  Surety of Copel; pledge of  shares; assignment of  receivables and revenues.  06.01.2015  19208.15.2031 Monthly  1.66% above  TJLP  8.26%  71,676  34,125  37,771  14.2.1272.1  Santa Helena  06.01.2015  19208.15.2031 Monthly  1.66% above  TJLP  8.26%  82,973  37,027  40,983  11211521  GE Farol  Pledge of shares; assignment  of receivables from energy  sales from the project;  assignment of machinery and  equipment.  03.19.2012  19206.15.2030 Monthly  2.34% above  TJLP  2.34% above  TJLP  54,100  29,888  33,570  11211531  GE Boa Vista  03.19.2012  19206.15.2030 Monthly  2.34% above  TJLP  2.34% above  TJLP  40,050  22,096  24,818  11211541  GE S.B. do  Norte  03.19.2012  19206.15.2030 Monthly  2.34% above  TJLP  2.34% above  TJLP  90,900  50,112  56,287  11211551  GE Olho D'Água  03.19.2012  19206.15.2030 Monthly  2.34% above  TJLP  2.34% above  TJLP  97,000  53,519  60,113  18204611  Cutia  Pledge of shares; assignment  of receivables.  10.10.2018  19207.15.2035 Monthly  2.04% above  TJLP  8.37%  619,405  543,337  563,569  13212221 - A  Costa Oeste  Implementation of transmission line between Cascavel  Oeste and Umuarama Sul substations and implementation  of Umuarama Sul substation.  Assignment of receivables;  100% of pledged shares.  12.03.2013  168 11.30.2028 Monthly  1.95% + TJLP  1.95% + TJLP  27,634  12,842  14,898  13212221 - B  12.03.2013  10609.30.2023 Monthly  3.5%  3.5%  9,086  598  1,396  14205851 - A  Marumbi  Implementation of transmission line between Curitiba and  Curitiba Leste and implementation of Curitiba Leste  substation.  07.08.2014  16806.30.2029 Monthly  2.00% + TJLP  2.00% + TJLP  33,460  16,981  19,444  14205851 - B  07.08.2014  10604.30.2024 Monthly  6.0%  6.0%  21,577  3,020  5,285  2,118,119  2,238,758  Total local  currency  4,694,957  3,587,697  Gross debt   4,694,957  3,738,269  (-)  Transaction  cost  (44,594)  (59,825)  Net debt  4,650,363  3,678,444  Current  278,838  579,770  Noncurrent   4,371,525  3,098,674   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DI - Interbank Deposit Rate

IPCA - Inflation Index

TJLP - Long term interest rate

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 20.1 Breakdown of loans and financing by currency and index

| 12.31.2022  %  12.31.2021  %  Foreign currency  change in currencies in the period  (%)  U.S. Dollar  (6.50)  -  -  150,572  4.09  -  -  150,572  4.09  Local currency  indexes at period end (%)  TJLP  7.20  1,755,556  37.75  1,916,561  52.11  CDI  13.65  1,772,718  38.12  639,555  17.39  TR  0.21  -  -  -  -  IPCA  5.79  1,099,050  23.63  935,900  25.44  Without indexer (annual fixed rate)  -  23,039  0.50  35,856  0.97  4,650,363  100.00  3,527,872  95.91  4,650,363  100.00  3,678,444  100.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20.2 Maturity of noncurrent installments

| 12.31.2022  Gross debt  (-) Transaction cost  Net debt  2024  608,001  (8,902)  599,099  2025  1,604,933  (5,666)  1,599,267  2026  230,905  (2,171)  228,734  2027  232,594  (2,172)  230,422  2028  215,888  (2,182)  213,706  After 2028  1,514,960  (14,663)  1,500,297  4,407,281  (35,756)  4,371,525   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20.3 Changes in loans and financing

| Foreign currency  Local currency  Total  Balance as of January 1, 2020  108,983  3,033,400  3,142,383  Funding  -  263,000  263,000  Charges  6,928  176,337  183,265  Monetary and exchange variations  31,189  5,869  37,058  Amortization - principal  -  (253,700)  (253,700)  Payment - charges  (6,763)  (176,712)  (183,475)  Balance as of December 31, 2020  140,337  3,048,194  3,188,531  Effect of acquisition of control of Vilas Complex  -  514,272  514,272  Funding  -  134,313  134,313  (-) Transaction costs  -  (1,647)  (1,647)  Charges  6,218  191,398  197,616  Monetary and exchange variations  10,266  31,091  41,357  Amortization - principal  -  (202,577)  (202,577)  Payment - charges  (6,249)  (187,172)  (193,421)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  150,572  3,527,872  3,678,444  Effect of acquisition of control of Vilas Complex (Note 1.1.1)  -  25,398  25,398  Funding  -  1,891,954  1,891,954  (-) Transaction costs  -  (19,781)  (19,781)  Charges  953  390,569  391,522  Monetary and exchange variations  (14,378)  34,978  20,600  Amortization - principal  (134,894)  (865,425)  (1,000,319)  Payment - charges  (2,253)  (335,202)  (337,455)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  -  4,650,363  4,650,363   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 20.4 Covenants

Loans and financing agreements contain clauses that require economic and financial ratios to be maintained within pre-determined parameters, requiring annual fulfillment and other conditions to be complied with, such as not changing the Company's interest in the capital stock of subsidiaries that would represent change of control without prior consent. The non-compliance with the contracted conditions may result in fines or in the declaration of the early maturity of debts.

As of December 31, 2022, all ratios and covenants have been fully met. The subsidiary Cutia Empreendimentos Eólicos S.A. calculated Debt Service Coverage Ratio - ICSD of 1.15 and, therefore, needed to supplement the Reserve Account with at least R$5,736. The deposit was made on March 13, 2023, before the contractually defined deadline.

The Company expects that all financial indicators, measured annually, will be met in 2023.

The financial covenants contained in the agreements are presented below:

| Company  Contractual Instrument  Annual financial ratios  Limit  Copel GeT  BNDES Finem No. 820989.1 - Mauá  EBITDA /  Net financial results  ≥ 1.3  Banco do Brasil No. 21/02000-0 - Mauá  Commercial paper  Debt service coverage ratio  Consolidated net debt / Consolidated ebitda  ≥ 1.5  ≤ 3.5  Copel DIS  BNDES Finem No. 14205611  Financial indebtedness / EBITDA  ≤ 4.0  Santa Maria  BNDES Finem No. 14212711  Debt service coverage ratio  ≥ 1.3  Santa Helena  BNDES Finem No. 14212721  São Bento Energia, Investimento e Participações  BNDES Assignment Agreement  Debt service coverage ratio  ≥ 1.3  GE Boa Vista S.A.  BNDES Finem No. 11211531  GE Farol S.A.  BNDES Finem No. 11211521  GE Olho D´Água S.A.  BNDES Finem No. 11211551  GE São Bento do Norte S.A.  BNDES Finem No. 11211541  Cutia  BNDES Finem No. 18204611  Debt service coverage ratio (a)  ≥ 1.2  Costa Oeste  BNDES Finem No. 13212221  Debt service coverage ratio  ≥ 1.3  Marumbi  BNDES Finem No. 14205851  Debt service coverage ratio  ≥ 1.3   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Financing for businesses - Finem

(a) financial ratio calculated based on the amounts of the consolidated financial statements of Cutia Empreendimentos Eólicos S.A. The contract establishes that, should the index be in the range between 1.10 and 1.20, the value of the funds invested in the Reserve Account must be complemented so that the total reaches the index of 1.20, within 2 days of the release of the financial statements.

## 21. Debentures

| Contractual  Effective  12.31.202212.31.2021  Issue  Number of  Final  Payment  financial  interest  Contract  Company  Issue  CharacteristicsAllocation  Guarantees  Date  installment  maturity  of  charges  charges p.a.  rate p.a.  amount  Copel  8  (a)  Payment of the 6 issue of debentures and working capital  increase  Personal guarantee  06.14.2019  106.14.2022 Half-yearly 106.0% of DI  110.93% of  DI  500,000  -  502,400  Copel  GeT  3  (a)  Working capital or used to make investments in the issuer.  Personal guarantee  10.20.2017  310.20.2022 Half-yearly 126.0% ofDI  131.21% of  DI  1,000,000  -  339,767  4  Full early redemption of the 4 issue of the Company's trade  promissory notes and partial payment of the 1 amortization  installment of the 2 issue of debentures.  07.23.2018  307.23.2023 Half-yearly 126.0% ofDI  133.77% of  DI  1,000,000  357,573  690,311  5  (b)  Reimbursement of expenses related to the construction of the  Transmission Lines Araraquara II - Taubaté, Assis - Londrina and Foz  do Chopim.  09.25.2018  509.15.2025 Half-yearly  IPCA +  7.6475%  IPCA+  8.3295%  290,000  225,643  284,483  6 (1  serie)  (c)  Full early redemption of the 5 issue of the Company's trade  promissory notes and partial payment of the 2 amortization  installment of the 2 issue of debentures.  07.15.2019  207.15.2024 Half-yearly 109.0% of DI  111.25% of  DI  800,000  852,816  825,358  6 (2  serie)  Reimbursement of expenses related to the Colíder HPP and Baixo  Iguaçu HPP projects  07.15.2019  107.15.2025 Half-yearly  IPCA +  3.90%  IPCA+  4.46%  200,000  251,363  237,650  7 (1  serie)  Reinforcement of the Issuer's working capital; amortization and/or  reimbursement of cash of the principal portion of the 3 and 4 issue of  debentures.  10.15.2021  210.15.2026 Half-yearly  DI + spread  1.38%  DI + spread  1.45%  1,133,363  1,166,982  1,148,216  7 (2  serie)  Investments for expansion, renovation or improvement and/or  reimbursement of expenses within the scope of the Projects:  Improvements of Gov. Bento Munhoz da Rocha Netto HPP;  Implementation of the Assets of Lot 'E', from Aneel Auction No.  05/2015; Investments in Mata de Santa Genebra Transmissão S.A. and  Bela Vista Geração de Energia S.A.  10.15.2021  310.15.2031 Half-yearly  IPCA +  5.7138%  IPCA +  6.1033%  366,637  397,825  374,658  Copel DIS  3  (a)  Working capital or used to make investments in the issuer.  Personal guarantee  10.20.2017  210.20.2022 Half-yearly 126.0% of DI  130.85% of  DI  500,000  -  254,824  4  Working capital and payment of the 1 installment of amortization of  the 2 issue of debentures.  09.27.2018  309.27.2023 Half-yearly  DI + spread  2.70%  CDI + 3.96%  1,000,000  346,895  684,185  5 (1  serie)  (c)  Investment for expansion, renovation or improvement and  reimbursement of expenses of the Issuer's electricity distribution  network linked to concession contract No. 46/1999 of ANEEL.  11.15.2019  3 11.15.2027 Half-yearly  IPCA +  4.20%  IPCA+  4.61%  500,000  618,209  584,489  5 (2  serie)  Reinforcement of working capital and recomposition of cash by the final  amortization of the 2 issue of debentures.  11.15.2019  2 11.15.2022 Half-yearly  DI + spread  1.45%  CDI + 1.65%  350,000  -  177,187  6 (1  serie)  Reinforcement of working capital and amortization of the first installment  of the principal of the debentures of each of the Issuer's following  issues: 3, 4 and 5 Issue.  06.16.2021  206.15.2026 Half-yearly  CDI + spread  1.95%  CDI + 2.02%  1,000,000  1,006,449  1,005,102  6 (2  serie)  Investment for expansion, renovation or improvement and  reimbursement of expenses of the Issuer's electricity distribution  network linked to concession contract No. 46/1999 of ANEEL.  06.16.2021  306.15.2031 Half-yearly  IPCA +  4.7742%  IPCA +  5.1564%  500,000  559,894  529,366  7 (1  serie)  (e)  Reinforcement of working capital; redemption of 3 issue debentures;  amortization of the 2 installment of the principal of the 4 and 5  issuance.  05.15.2022  205.15.2025 Half-yearly CDI + 1.21% CDI + 1.28%  300,000  305,380  -  7 (2  serie)  05.15.2022  205.15.2027 Half-yearly CDI + 1.36% CDI + 1.42%  901,450  917,789  -  7 (3  serie)  Investments for expansion, renovation or improvement and/or  reimbursement of expenses of the issuer's electricity distribution  network, linked to Aneel's Concession Agreement No. 46/1999.  05.15.2022  305.15.2032 Half-yearly  IPCA +  6.1732%  IPCA +  6.6587%  298,550  301,830  -  Brisa  Potiguar  2 (1  serie)  (d)  Implementation of wind generating plants.  Real and personal  guarantee and  pledge of Copel  GeT shares.  03.24.2016  19207.15.2032  Monthly  TJLP +  2.02%  TJLP +  2.02%  147,575  91,468  100,240  2 (2  serie)  03.24.2016  19207.15.2032  Monthly  IPCA +  9.87%  IPCA+  10.92%  153,258  126,067  131,630  Cutia  1  (b)  Construction and implementation of wind generating plants.  Personal guarantee  03.20.2019  2612.15.2031 Half-yearly  IPCA  +5.8813%  IPCA+  6.83%  360,000  360,894  370,903  Gross debt   7,887,077  8,240,769  (-)  Transaction  cost  (83,222)  (93,152)  Net debt  7,803,855  8,147,617   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Current   1,346,347  2,144,485

Noncurrent   6,457,508  6,003,132

(a) Simple debentures, single series, not convertible into shares, unsecured, for public distribution with restricted placement efforts, according to CVM No. 476. Guarantor: Copel. Trustee: Pentágono S.A. DTVM.

(b) Simple debentures, single series, not convertible into shares, with security interest and additional personal guarantee, for public distribution with restricted efforts, pursuant to CVM Instruction No. 476. Guarantor: Copel. Trustee: Pentágono S.A. DTVM.

(c) Simple debentures, two series, not convertible into shares, unsecured, for public distribution with restricted placement efforts, according to CVM No. 476. Guarantor: Copel. Trustee: Pentágono S.A. DTVM.

(d) Simple debentures, two series, not convertible into shares, issued privately. Companies: Nova Asa Branca I, Nova Asa Branca II, Nova Asa Branca III, Nova Eurus and Ventos de Santo Uriel. Guarantor: Copel. They have no trustee.

(e) Simple debentures, three series, not convertible into shares, unsecured, with additional personal guarantee, for public distribution with restricted placement efforts, pursuant to CVM Instruction No. 476. Guarantor: Copel. Trustee: Pentágono S.A. DTVM.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 21.1 Maturity of noncurrent installments

12.31.2022

2024

2025

2026

2027

2028

After 2028

## 21.2 Changes in debentures

| Balance as of January 1, 2020  8,429,710  Funding  453,951  Charges and monetary variations  (1,046,295)  Amortization - principal  (422,295)  Payment - charges  (657,590)  Balance as of December 31, 2020  6,757,481  Funding  3,000,000  (-) Transaction costs  (35,030)  Charges and monetary variations  658,653  Amortization - principal  (1,852,048)  Payment - charges  (361,073)  Reclassification (a)  (20,366)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  8,147,617  Funding  1,500,000  (-) Transaction costs  (14,445)  Charges and monetary variations  1,112,287  Amortization - principal  (2,051,481)  Payment - charges  (890,123)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  7,803,855   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Reclassification to Assets classified as held for sale (Note 39).

## 21.3 Covenants

The  issued  debentures  contain  clauses  that  require  the  maintenance  of  certain  economic  and  financial  ratios  within  pre-determined  parameters,  requiring  annual fulfillment and other conditions to be complied with, such as not changing the Company's interest in the capital stock that would represent change of control without prior consent  from  the  debenture  holders;  not  paying  out  dividends  or  interest  on  capital  if  it  is  in  arrears  in  relation  to  honoring  any  of  its  financial  obligations  or  not maintaining the financial ratios as determined without prior written consent of the debenture holders. The non-compliance with the contracted conditions may imply the need to request consent from the debenture holders or the declaration of early maturity of the debts.

As of December 31, 2022, all ratios and covenants have been fully met, except for the subsidiaries Ventos de Santo Uriel and Nova Asa Branca III, which have a debt of R$72,588  on  December  31,  2022,  and  that  did  not  meet  the  ICSD  of  1.3.  However,  the  Company  preventively  requested  and  received,  on  December  30,  2022, according to letter from BNDES AE/DEENE2 No. 061/2022, the commitment of the development banking institution not to declare the early maturity of the debenture deeds, based on the performance of this index in fiscal year 2022.

Gross debt

670,831

1,798,427

1,789,732

718,578

62,857

1,482,417

6,522,842

(-) Transaction cost

(13,890)

(11,436)

(9,168)

(7,584)

(5,997)

(17,259)

(65,334)

Net debt

656,941

1,786,991

1,780,564

710,994

56,860

1,465,158

6,457,508

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

Additionally,  the  subsidiary  Cutia  Empreendimentos  Eólicos  S.A.  calculated  ICSD  of  1.15  and,  therefore,  needed  to  supplement  the  Reserve  Account  with  at  least R$5,736. The deposit was made on March 13, 2023, before the contractually defined deadline.

The Company expects that all financial indicators, measured annually, will be met in 2023.

The financial covenants contained in the debenture agreements are presented as follows:

| Company  Contractual Instrument  Annual financial ratio  Limit  Copel GeT  4 issue of Debentures  Consolidated net debt / Consolidated ebitda  Debt service coverage ratio  ≤  3.5  ≥ 1.5  5 issue of Debentures  6 issue of Debentures  7 issue of Debentures  Copel DIS  4th issue of Debentures  5 issue of Debentures  6 issue of Debentures  7 issue of Debentures  Nova Asa Branca I  Debt service coverage ratio  ≥ 1.3  Nova Asa Branca II  Nova Asa Branca III  2 issue of Debentures  Nova Eurus IV  Ventos de Santo Uriel  Cutia  1 issue of Debentures  Debt service coverage ratio (a)  ≥ 1.2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) financial ratio calculated based on the amounts of the consolidated financial statements of Cutia Empreendimentos Eólicos S.A. The contract establishes that, should the index be in the range between 1.10 and 1.20, the value of the funds invested in the Reserve Account must be complemented so that the total reaches the index of 1.20, within 2 days of the release of the financial statements.

## 22. Post-employment Benefits

The Company sponsors private retirement and pension plans (Unified Plan and Plan III) and Healthcare Plan for medical and dental care ("ProSaúde II" and "ProSaúde III" Plans) for their active employees and their legal dependents. The lifetime sponsorship of the Healthcare Plan for retirees, pensioners and legal dependents is only applied to "Prosaúde II" plan participants. Fundação Copel de Previdência e Assistência is the entity that manages these plans.

## 22.1 Pension plan

The Unified Plan is a Defined Benefit plan - BD in which the income is predetermined, according to each individual's salary. This plan is closed for new participants since 1998.

The Plan III, the only plan available for new participants, is a Variable Contribution - CV plan in the contributory phase and, after retirement, it becomes a Defined Benefit - BD plan.

## 22.2 Healthcare Plan

The Company allocates resources for the coverage of healthcare expenses incurred by their employees and their dependents, within rules, limits and conditions set in "ProSaúde II" and "ProSaúde III" Plans' regulations. Coverage includes periodic medical exams in both plans and is extended to all retirees and pensioners for life only in the "ProSaúde II" plan.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 22.3 Statement of financial position and statement of income

Amounts recognized in liabilities, under Post-employment benefits, are summarized below:

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Pension plans  949  965  Healthcare plans  1,069,088  1,294,209  1,070,037  1,295,174  Current  73,814  68,836  Noncurrent  996,223  1,226,338   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts recognized in the statement of income are shown below:

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Employees  Pension plans  55,607  59,052  57,977  Healthcare plan - post employment  140,293  116,504  94,349  Healthcare plan - active employees  68,897  71,795  75,192  264,797  247,351  227,518  Management  Pension plans  1,236  1,300  977  Healthcare plan  148  122  139  1,384  1,422  1,116  266,181  248,773  228,634   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.4 Changes in post-employment benefits

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  1,493,614  Appropriation of actuarial calculation  116,504  Appropriation of pension and healthcare contributions  130,308  Adjustment related to actuarial (gains) losses  (246,626)  Amortizations  (198,626)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  1,295,174  Appropriation of actuarial calculation  140,293  Appropriation of pension and healthcare contributions  127,878  Adjustment related to actuarial (gains) losses (a)  (291,742)  Amortizations  (201,566)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  1,070,037   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Adjustments arising from the transfer of liabilities from Copel Serviços to Copel and other subsidiaries.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 22.5 Actuarial valuation in accordance with IAS 19

## 22.5.1 Actuarial assumptions

The actuarial assumptions used to determine the amounts of liabilities and costs are shown below:

| 2022  2021  Real  Nominal  Real  Nominal  Economic  Inflation p.y.  -  5.10%  -  5.50%  Expected rate of discount/return p.y.  Unified Plan - Defined Benefit  6.10%  11.51%  5.20%  10.99%  Unified Plan - Balance  6.12%  11.53%  5.20%  10.99%  Plan III  6.13%  11.54%  5.30%  11.09%  Assistance Plan  6.13%  11.54%  5.30%  11.09%  Salary growth/medical costs  Unified Plan p.y.  0.00%  5.10%  0.00%  5.50%  Plan III p.y.  1.00%  6.15%  1.00%  6.56%  Assistance Plan - Aging Factor  3.30%  -  5.80%  -  Demographic  Mortality Table  AT - 2000  AT - 2000  Mortality table of individuals with permanent disability  WINKLEVOSS  WINKLEVOSS  Table of new disability benef it vested  TASA 1927  TASA 1927   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.5.2 Number of participants and beneficiaries

| Social Security Plans  Unified Plan  Plan III  Assistance Plan  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Number of active participants  10  18  6,031  6,645  5,775  6,276  Number of Inactive participants  4,170  4,229  5,369  5,018  9,059  8,910  Number of dependent people  -  -  -  -  20,867  21,621  Total  4,180  4,247  11,400  11,663  35,701  36,807   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

22.5.3 Life expectancy after the average age of participants - Annuity Table AT-2000 (in years)

The average age of inactive participants of the healthcare and pension plans of the Company is 68.27 and 67.08 years, respectively.

| Unified Plan  Plan III  As of December 31, 2022  Retired participants  19.60  23.42  Pensioner participants  12.48  25.97  As of December 31, 2021  Retired participants  11.60  23.47  Pensioner participants  13.22  27.02   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 22.5.4 Actuarial evaluation

Based on the revision of the assumptions, the amounts of the Unified Plan and Plan III as of December 31, 2022, totaled a surplus of R$595,847 and R$74,421 (R$653,654 and R$10,111, of December 31, 2021). Applicable ruling legislation does not allow any significant reduction in contributions or refunds to the Company based on the current surplus of these plans. For this reason, the Company did not record assets in its balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, reflecting any right to reduce contributions, refund of surplus or other amounts.

| Unified  Plan  Plan  III  Assistance  Plan  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Total liabilities or partially covered  6,029,530  3,457,537  1,234,771  10,721,838  10,973,812  Fair value of the plan assets  (6,625,377)  (3,531,958)  (165,683)  (10,323,018)  (10,343,368)  Plan coverage status  (595,847)  (74,421)  1,069,088  398,820  630,444  Unrecognized asset  595,847  74,421  -  670,268  663,765  -  -  1,069,088  1,069,088  1,294,209   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company adjusted their assistance liabilities through the actuarial report issued on December 31, 2022, as presented in the Statements of Comprehensive Income.

## 22.5.5 Changes in actuarial liabilities

| Unified Plan  Plan III  Assistance Plan  Present value of net actuarial obligations as of January 1, 2021  6,760,824  3,344,723  1,714,637  Cost of services  252  2,006  7,368  Cost of interest  481,656  246,256  125,132  Benefits paid  (511,621)  (233,908)  -  Actuarial (gain) losses  (585,510)  (21,984)  (356,019)  Present value of net actuarial obligations as of December 31, 2021  6,145,601  3,337,093  1,491,118  Cost of services  169  2,018  6,172  Cost of interest  673,724  364,901  155,389  Benefits paid  (523,792)  (264,096)  (342)  Actuarial (gain) losses  (266,172)  17,621  (417,566)  Present value of net actuarial obligations as of December 31, 2022  6,029,530  3,457,537  1,234,771   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.5.6 Changes in actuarial assets

| Unified Plan  Plan III  Assistance Plan  Fair value of the Plan's assets as of January 1, 2021  7,568,268  3,629,780  222,148  Return estimated for assets  837,120  133,837  6,366  Contributions and distributions  26,661  136,730  -  Benefits paid  (511,621)  (233,908)  -  Actuarial gain (losses)  (1,121,173)  (319,235)  (31,605)  Fair value of the Plan's assets as of December 31, 2021  6,799,255  3,347,204  196,909  Return estimated for assets  743,845  274,486  26,390  Contributions and distributions  29,808  151,606  -  Benefits paid  (523,792)  (264,096)  -  Actuarial gain (losses)  (423,739)  22,758  (57,616)  Fair value of the Plan's assets as of December 31, 2022  6,625,377  3,531,958  165,683   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.5.7 Estimated costs

The estimated net periodic plan costs (income) for 2023 for each plan are shown below:

| Unified Plan  Plan III  Assistance Plan  Cost of current service  205  3,966  6,879  Estimated cost of interest  700,311  397,093  141,876  Expected return on plan assets  (769,615)  (410,063)  (18,629)  Expected employee contributions  (89)  (1,983)  -  Costs (income or loss)  (69,188)  (10,987)  130,126   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.5.8 Sensitivity analysis

The following table shows the effect of a one percent increase or decrease in the assumed care costs, in the aggregate of the cost of service and cost of interest components and the accumulated post-employment benefit obligation.

| Projected scenarios  Increase by 1%  Decrease in 1%  Sensitivity of long-term interest rate  Impacts on the obligations of the pension  (826,777)  823,400  Impacts on the obligations of healthcare program  (195,345)  185,544  Sensitivity of growth rate of the medical costs  Impacts on the obligations of healthcare program  82,208  (80,982)  Impact on cost of service for the following financial year of healthcare program  392  (386)  Sensitivity of the service cost  Impacts on the obligations of the pension  320  (313)  Impacts on the obligations of healthcare program  1,040  (883)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.5.9 Benefits payable

The estimated benefits to be paid by the Company in the next five years and the total benefits for the following fiscal years are shown below:

| Unified Plan  Plan III  Assistance Plan  Total  2023  317,523  153,226  81,010  551,759  2024  316,790  152,659  81,114  550,563  2025  316,908  152,239  79,756  548,903  2026  316,481  151,790  76,382  544,653  2027  315,703  151,358  73,076  540,137  2028 to 2052  3,885,982  2,598,345  759,895  7,244,222   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 22.5.10 Asset allocation and investment strategy

The asset allocation for the Company pension and healthcare plans at the end of 2022 and the allocation goal for 2023, by asset category, are shown below:

| Goal for 2023 (*)  2022  Fixed income  77.2%  71.1%  Variable income  5.3%  10.0%  Loans  1.2%  1.2%  Real estate  5.6%  2.7%  Investment structuring  8.7%  10.2%  Investments abroad  2.0%  4.8%  100.0%  100.0%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*) Target based on the total investment of each plan.

In addition, information on the allocation of assets of pension plans sponsored by the Company:

| Unified Plan  Plan III  target (%)(*)  minimum (%)  target (%)  minimum (%)  Fixed income  86.0%  60.0%  67.0%  40.0%  Variable income  3.0%  2.0%  8.0%  3.0%  Loans  0.5%  0.0%  2.0%  0.0%  Real estate  5.5%  0.0%  6.0%  0.0%  Investment structuring  5.0%  0.0%  13.0%  0.0%  Investments abroad  0.0%  0.0%  4.0%  0.0%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(*)

Target 2022.

Management of Fundação Copel decided to keep a more conservative approach investing in variable income in relation to the allowed legal limit, which is 70%.

## 22.5.11 Additional information

The Company made contributions to Plan III (variable contribution plan) for all active employees on December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, in the amounts of R$72,353, R$64,883 and R$67,515, respectively.

## 23. Sectorial Charges Payable

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Energy Development Account - CDE  41,122  41,786  Global Reversal Reserve - RGR  5,366  8,834  Tariff flags (Note 30.3.2)  -  147,766  46,488  198,386   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24. Research and Development and Energy Efficiency

In accordance with Law No. 9,991/2000 and supplementary regulations, concession operators and licensees of electric power generation and transmission are required to allocate annually the percentage of 1% of their net operating regulatory revenue to research and development of the electricity sector activities, and the electric power distribution concession operators must segregate this same percentage into the research and development and energy efficiency programs of the electricity sector.

The registered balances of Research and Development - R&amp;D and Energy Efficiency Program - EEP are shown in the table below.

| Disbursed and not completed  Balance to be collected  Balance to disburse Balance as of 12.31.2022 Balance as of 12.31.2021  Research and Development - R&amp;D  FNDCT  -  6,588  -  6,588  7,584  MME  -  3,314  -  3,314  3,790  R&amp;D  229,290  1,322  29,631  260,243  286,029  229,290  11,224  29,631  270,145  297,403  Energy efficiency program- EEP  Procel  -  11,960  -  11,960  19,883  EEP  128,851  1,906  201,896  332,653  309,811  128,851  13,866  201,896  344,613  329,694  358,141  25,090  231,527  614,758  627,097  Current  370,244  292,495  Noncurrent  244,514  334,602   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

National Fund for Scientific and Technological Development - FNDCT

National Program of Electricity Conservation - Procel

## 24.1 Changes in R&amp;D and EEP balances

| FNDCT  MME  R&amp;D  Procel  EEP  Total  Balance as of January 1, 2021  8,085  4,041  332,746  5,855  314,284  665,011  Additions  50,804  25,399  50,796  12,801  51,206  191,006  Performance agreement  -  -  -  -  3,010  3,010  Interest rate (Note 32)  -  -  3,664  1,227  9,923  14,814  Payments  (51,305)  (25,650)  (15,966)  -  (56,176)  (149,097)  Concluded projects  -  -  (85,211)  -  (12,436)  (97,647)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  7,584  3,790  286,029  19,883  309,811  627,097  Additions  39,044  19,535  39,070  11,298  45,191  154,138  Performance agreement  -  -  -  -  2,552  2,552  Interest rate (Note 32)  -  -  6,197  3,799  24,648  34,644  Transfers  -  -  -  (3,685)  3,685  -  Payments  (40,040)  (20,011)  (8,061)  (19,335)  (29,740)  (117,187)  Concluded projects  -  -  (62,992)  -  (23,494)  (86,486)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  6,588  3,314  260,243  11,960  332,653  614,758   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 25. Accounts Payable Related to Concessions

| Discount  Annual  Company  Grant  Signature  Closing  rate  Adjustment  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  HPP Mauá  Copel GeT  06.29.2007  07.03.2007  05.2047  5.65% p.y.  IPCA  21,587  20,495  HPP Colider  Copel GeT  12.29.2010  01.17.2011  01.2046  7.74% p.y.  IPCA  30,518  27,376  HPP Baixo Iguaçu  Copel GeT  07.19.2012  08.20.2012  01.2047  7.74% p.y.  IPCA  9,050  8,595  HPP Guaricana  Copel GeT  03.03.2020  03.03.2020  03.2025  7.74% p.y.  IPCA  2,200  2,894  HPP Fundão and HPP Santa Clara  Elejor  10.23.2001  10.25.2001  05.2037  11.00% p.y.  IGPM  874,187  844,599  937,542  903,959  Current  105,003  104,963  Noncurrent  832,539  798,996   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Discount rate applied to calculate present value

Real and net discount rate, compatible with the estimated long-term rate, not being linked to the expectation of return from the project. Payment to the federal government

Monthly installments equivalent to 1/12 of the annual payment restated, as defined in the concession agreement.

## 25.1 Changes in accounts payable related to concessions

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  731,864  Additions  65,269  Adjust to present value  78,203  Monetary variations  117,053  Payments  (88,430)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  903,959  Additions  1,855  Adjustment to present value  27,063  Monetary variations  112,890  Payments  (108,225)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  937,542   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25.2 Nominal value and present value of accounts payable related to concession

| Nominal value  Present value  2023  115,062  105,003  2024  115,106  94,974  2025  114,304  85,101  2026  114,036  76,626  After 2026  1,583,477  575,838  2,041,985  937,542   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. Right-of-use asset and lease liability

## 26.1 Right-of-use asset

| Balance as of January 1, 2022  Additions  Remeasurement adjustment  Amortization  Loss on disposal  Balance as of December 31, 2022  Real estate  120,929  25,365  2,405  (10,679)  (1,531)  136,489  Vehicles  67,833  87,644  2,755  (45,044)  (170)  113,018  Equipment  15,294  3,986  1,536  (8,943)  -  11,873  204,056  116,995  6,696  (64,666)  (1,701)  261,380  Balance as of January 1,  2021  Additions  Remeasurement adjustment  Amortization Loss on disposal  Others (a)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  Real estate  23,384  87,921  10,748  (10,053)  (13,079)  22,008  120,929  Vehicles  90,316  7,920  2,255  (33,000)  (142)  484  67,833  Equipment  18,821  2,424  612  (6,695)  (1,239)  1,371  15,294  132,521  98,265  13,615  (49,748)  (14,460)  23,863  204,056   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Reclassification to Assets classified as held for sale (Note 39) and effect of business combination.

## 26.2 Lease liability

## 26.2.1 Changes in lease liability

| Balance as of January 1, 2021  138,361  Effect of acquisition of control of Vilas Complex  22,381  Additions  98,265  Remeasurement adjustment  13,615  Charges  13,459  Amortization - principal  (53,120)  Payment - charges  (7,145)  Loss on disposal  (14,799)  Reclassification (a)  1,717  Balance as of December 31, 2021  212,734  Additions  116,995  Remeasurement adjustment  6,696  Charges  20,462  Amortization - principal  (60,200)  Payment - charges  (21,151)  Loss on disposal  (1,780)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  273,756  Current  64,870  Noncurrent  208,886   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Reclassification to Assets classified as held for sale (Note 39).

The Company defines the discount rate based on the nominal interest rate applied to the last fundraising, disregarding subsidized or incentivized funding. The interest rates applied range from 3.58% to 14.87% p.a.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 26.2.2 Maturity of noncurrent installments

| 2024  51,452  2025  33,745  2026  34,241  2027  10,196  2028  9,845  After 2028  169,140  Undiscounted amounts  308,619  Imputed interest  (99,733)  Lease liabilities balance  208,886   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.2.3 Potential right to Pis/Cofins recoverable

The following table shows the potential PIS/Cofins recoverable rights embedded in the leasing consideration, according to the expected payment periods.

| Cash Flows  Nominal value  Present value  Lease consideration  439,629  273,756  Potencial Pis/Cofins  33,321  21,593   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.3 Impact of forecast inflation on discounted cash flows

In  accordance  with  IFRS  16,  in  measuring  and  remeasuring  lease  liabilities  and  right-of-use  assets,  the  Company  used  the  discounted  cash  flow  method  without considering forecast future inflation, according to the prohibition imposed by the standard.

However, given the current reality of long-term interest rates in the Brazilian economic environment, the table below shows the comparative balances between the information recorded in accordance with IFRS 16 and the amount that would be recorded considering forecast inflation:

| Balance in accordance with IFRS 16  Inflation projected balance  %  Lease liabilities  273,756  322,949  17.97%  Right to use assets  261,380  295,521  13.06%  Financial expense  20,356  25,061  23.11%  Amortization expense  64,666  70,005  8.26%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.4 Commitments from leases and rentals

For leases of low value assets, such as computers, printers and furniture, short-term leases, as well as for leases of land for development of wind power generation projects, whose payment is made based on variable remuneration, the amounts are recognized in the statement of income as operating costs and/or expenses (Note 31.6). The balance of commitments from leases and rentals is shown below:

| Less than  Over  1 year  1 to 5 years  5 years  12.31.2022  Commitments from leases and rentals  11,753  50,444  250,757  312,954   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 26.5 Receivables from leases

| Less than  Over  Total  1 year  1 to 5 years  5 years  12.31.2022  Facilities sharing  1,393  5,572  18,480  25,445   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. Other Accounts Payable

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Fair value in the purchase and sale of power (Note 34.2.12)  738,703  545,468  Generation deviation - wind projects (Note 34.2.11)  184,813  108,031  Payments/returns to consumers  50,652  45,579  Public lighting rate collected  52,520  32,895  Aneel Order No. 084/2017 provision  38,145  34,113  Obligations to customers in gas sales operations (a)  33,223  35,130  Financial offset for the use of water resources  28,511  12,066  Pledges in guarantee  29,924  35,285  Acquisition of equity interest  294  46,361  Other liabilities  90,068  75,364  1,246,853  970,292  Current  601,619  370,383  Noncurrent  645,234  599,909   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Refers to amounts paid for the purchase of contracted gas volumes not yet taken by customers.

## 28. Provisions for Legal Claims and Contingent Liabilities

The Company is responsible for several legal and administrative proceedings before different courts. Based on assessments made by the Company's legal counsel, Management makes provisions for legal claims in which the losses are rated probable, when the criteria for recognition of provisioning, described in Note 4.11, are met.

The Company's management believes it is impracticable to provide information regarding the timing of any cash outflows related to the lawsuits for which the Company is responsible on the date of preparation of the financial statements, in view of the unpredictability and dynamics of the Brazilian judicial, tax and regulatory systems, and that the final resolution depends on the conclusions of the lawsuits. For this reason, this information is not provided.

On February 8,  2023,  when  analyzing  and  judging  Topics  881  and  885  of  general  repercussion  (generally  binding  decision),  the  STF  understood  that  a  final  and unappealable decisions (the so-called 'res judicata') on taxes paid on ongoing basis loses its effects if the STF decides otherwise on a constitutionality-related action or an appeal for which it hands down a generally binding decision, since according to the legislation and case law, a decision, even if res judicata, should only produce effects whilst the factual and legal framework which justified it lasts. The Company has no lawsuits that meet the requirements defined by the STF. Therefore, there are no impacts on its financial statements.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 28.1 Change in provision for legal claims

| Income  Provision  Construction  Balances as of  Balances as of  for litigations  cost  Additions  Transfer/  December 31,  January 1, 2022  Additions  Reversals  Additions (Rev.)  to assets  Settlements  Others  2022  Tax  Cofins  110,059  15,109  (1,604)  -  -  -  -  123,564  Others  71,056  23,705  (820)  -  -  (9,764)  (5,991)  78,186  181,115  38,814  (2,424)  -  -  (9,764)  (5,991)  201,750  Labors  569,756  108,902  (2,778)  -  -  (139,416)  -  536,464  Employee benefits  37,148  13,270  (19,672)  -  -  (620)  -  30,126  Civil  Civil and administrative claims  433,437  592,796  (3,925)  -  -  (67,055)  2,858  958,111  Easements  138,069  3,594  (90)  (722)  627  (2,754)  -  138,724  Expropriations and property  125,028  2,195  (8,113)  4,305  36,924  (5,427)  -  154,912  Customers  3,755  2,113  (630)  -  -  (1,488)  -  3,750  Environmental  5,902  497  (1,130)  -  -  -  -  5,269  706,191  601,195  (13,888)  3,583  37,551  (76,724)  2,858  1,260,766  Regulatory  103,155  5,137  (84,111)  -  -  (15,688)  -  8,493  1,597,365  767,318  (122,873)  3,583  37,551  (242,212)  (3,133)  2,037,599  Income  Provision  Construction  Transfer/  Balances as of  Balances as of  for litigations  cost  Additions  Others  December 31,  January 1, 2021  Additions  Reversals  Additions/(Rev.)  to assets  Settlements  (a)  2021  Tax  Cofins  107,148  4,123  (1,212)  -  -  -  -  110,059  Others  66,725  10,046  (205)  -  -  (127)  (5,383)  71,056  173,873  14,169  (1,417)  -  -  (127)  (5,383)  181,115  Labors  596,248  94,845  (21,647)  -  -  (105,777)  6,087  569,756  Employee benefits  52,401  4,685  (19,623)  -  -  (761)  446  37,148  Civil  Civil and administrative claims  387,895  129,730  (9,218)  -  -  (74,989)  19  433,437  Easements  111,553  1,616  -  15,702  36,771  (27,573)  -  138,069  Expropriations and property  133,888  680  (15,031)  (7,268)  12,943  (184)  -  125,028  Customers  3,973  895  (706)  -  -  (407)  -  3,755  Environmental  7,174  4,992  (4,964)  -  -  -  (1,300)  5,902  644,483  137,913  (29,919)  8,434  49,714  (103,153)  (1,281)  706,191  Regulatory  88,699  20,694  (5,971)  -  -  (267)  -  103,155  1,555,704  272,306  (78,577)  8,434  49,714  (210,085)  (131)  1,597,365   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Reclassification mainly to Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale (Note 39).

## 28.2 Details of provisions for legal claims and contingent liabilities

The following table shows the details of the provisions for legal claims recorded and, in addition, the amounts of contingent liabilities, which are present obligations arising from past events, but without provisions recognized because it is not probable an outflow of resources that incorporate economic benefits to settle the obligation.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| Provisions  Contingent liabilities  Description  12.31.2022 12.31.2021 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Tax  Cofins  Requirement of the Federal Revenue Service for the period from August 1995 to December 1996, due to the termination of a judicial decision that  has recognized the Company's exemption from Cofins.  123,564  110,059  9,550  7,914  INSS  Tax requirements related to the social security contribution.  30,899  29,813  46,901  107,840  Federal taxes  Administrative requirements and questions from Receita Federal do Brasil (Federal Revenue Service).  2,100  1,721  50,025  77,058  ICMS (VAT)  Administrative requirements and questions from the State regarding the payment of ICMS (VAT) on the Company's invoices.  4,035  -  24,930  43,346  IPTU  Tax Requirement on Urban Territorial Property (IPTU) on properties affected by the public electricity service.  9,332  -  152,113  118,981  ISS  City halls tax requirement as ISS on construction services provided by third parties.  181  170  56,731  83,536  Other  Taxes, fees and other federal, state and municipal taxes in which the Company discusses the levy or not, as well as its bases and amounts for  payment  31,639  39,352  149,518  122,314  201,750  181,115  489,768  560,989  Labor  Charging of overtime, hazardous work, transfer surcharge, equalization / salary adjustment, among others, by employees and former employees  of Copel; collection of indemnity installments and others, by ex-employees of contractors and outsourced companies (subsidiary responsibility).  536,374  569,756  372,138  275,230  Employee benefits  Labor claims filed by former retired employees against Fundação Copel, which will consequently cause repercussions for the Company and its  wholly-owned subsidiaries, to the extent that additional contributions are required.  30,126  37,148  12,716  3,524  Regulatory  Aneel Order nº 288/2002  Legal actions against Aneel Dispatch No. 288/2002 involving the companies Companhia Estadual de Energia Elétrica - CEEE and Dona Francisca  Energética S.A.  -  82,670  -  -  ESBR  ESBR filed Ordinary Lawsuit No. 10426-71.2013.4.01.4100 against ANEEL in the Federal Court of Rondônia, whose ruling: (i) acknowledged the  exclusion of liability for the 535-day schedule overrun in the construction of the Jirau Hydropower Station; (ii) declares any obligations, penalties  and costs imposed on ESBR as a result of the schedule overrun to be unenforceable, and (iii) annuls ANEEL Resolution 1,732/2013, which had  recognized a schedule overrun of only 52 days. An appeal has been brought by ANEEL, pending judgment by the Federal Court of the 1st Region.  The practical consequence of the ruling was, at the time it exempted ESBR, to expose the distributors with whom it entered into power trading  contracts (CCEARs) to the Short-Term Market and to the high value of the Settlement Price of the Differences (Preço de Liquidação das  Diferenças - PLD, in Portuguese) in the period, including Copel DIS. This occurred because the rules for the sale of electricity require that all  energy consumed should have a corresponding contractual coverage. If the lawsuits are judged unfavorably against Copel, the amount will be  classified as Sectorial Financial Asset to be recovered through tariff rates.  -  -  1,130,845  1,066,486  Colíder exclusion of liability  Discussion on the value of the Tariff for use of the transmission system - TUST and monetary adjustment on energy values   referring to the  exclusion of liability period.  As a result of the court injunction that excluded the delay period for the Colíder HPP from being responsible for the delivery of energy contracted in  the Regulated Contracting Environment - ACR, CCEE proceeded to credit, valued to PLD, the energy previously backed to comply with ACR.  However, in the event of failure in the lawsuit, the Company must return the amounts credited, updated by the IGPM.  -  -  320,044  295,931  Other  Aneel's notifications about possible breaches of regulatory standards  8,493  20,485  45,718  38,099  8,493  103,155  1,496,607  1,400,516   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(continued)

## COMPANHIA PARANAENSE DE ENERGIA - COPEL and Subsidiaries

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| Provisions  Contingent liabilities  Description  12.31.2022 12.31.2021 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Civil  Tobacco growers  Actions whose main cause is the lack of electricity causing loss of production.  73,366  79,092  71,237  68,104  Arbitration  Arbitration protected by secrecy and confidentiality, in the early stage of award settlement.  629,056  165,158  338,779 (a)  670,704  PIS / Cofins credit  Contingent liability related to the allocation of PIS and Cofins tax credits recognized by the Company. With the enactment of Law No.  14,385/2022, the Management of Copel and its legal advisors reassessed the risk and Copel DIS recorded the provision, as detailed in Note  12.2.1.  -  -  -  1,775,347  Civil and administrative law  Other actions involving billing, supposed irregular procedures, administrative contracts and contractual fines, indemnity for accidents with the  electric power network and accident with vehicles.  154,550  131,519  530,959  383,597  Indemnification to third parties (civil)  Actions for indemnity for resulting from damages caused during the construction of power plants. The execution of the sentence began without  the previously determined accounting expertise. In the 1 degree, Copel challenged the execution and presented an insurance policy as a  guarantee until a decision on the performance of an expert examination and excess of the value. As there was still no favorable position on the  merits, the risk was reassessed with a change in the provisioned balance.  101,076  57,663  98,940  29,592  Easements  Discussion between the amount determined by Copel for payment and the amount claimed by the property owner and/or when the owner's  documentation supporting title to the property may not be registered (when probate proceedings are still in progress, properties have no registry  number with the land registry, etc.), intervention in third-party adverse possession, either as a confronter, or in case of a property where there are  areas of easement of passage, in order to preserve the limits and boundaries of expropriated areas.  138,841  138,075  31,063  29,100  Expropriations and property  Discussion between the amount assessed by Copel for payment and the amount claimed by the owner, and / or when the owner's documentation  does not present conditions for registration (inventories in progress, properties without registration, among others); actions for repossession of  real estate owned by the concessionaire; intervention in the adverse possession of third parties, as a confrontant, in order to preserve the limits  and confrontations of the expropriated areas.  154,943  93,679  38,030  70,198  Indemnification to third parties  (expropriations)  Expropriation lawsuit for construction of electric substation and expropriation of property flooded of power plant, settled in the second quarter of  2022.  -  31,348  -  -  Consumers  Lawsuits seeking compensation for damages caused in household appliances, industrial and commercial machines, lawsuits claiming damages  for pain and suffering caused by service interruption and lawsuits filed by industrial consumers, challenging the lawfulness of the increase in  electricity prices while Plano Cruzado (anti-inflation economic plan) was in effect and claiming reimbursement for the amounts paid by the  Company.  3,758  3,755  1,911  3,964  Environmental  Public civil and class actions whose purpose is to obstruct the progress of environmental licensing for new projects or to recover permanent  preservation areas located around the hydroelectric power plant dams unlawfully used by private individuals. If the outcome of the lawsuits is  unfavorable to the Company, Management estimates only the cost to prepare new environmental studies and to recover the areas owned by  Copel GeT. They also include the Commitment Agreements (Termos de Ajuste de Conduta - TAC, in Portuguese), which refer to the  commitments agreed-upon and approved between the Company and the relevant bodies, for noncompliance with any condition provided for by  the Installation and Operating Licenses.  5,266  5,902  226,608  206,647  1,260,856  706,191  1,337,527  3,237,253  2,037,599  1,597,365  3,708,756  5,477,512   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) refers to the estimate of possible loss of a total, monetarily restated, of R$2,966,787 of the plaintiff's claim.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 29. Equity

## 29.1 Capital

Capital consists of common and preferred shares. Each common share entitles its holder to one vote in the general shareholders' meetings. Preferred shares have two classes  'A'  and  'B'  and  have  restricted  voting  rights  as  per  §  7  of  article  5  of  the  Bylaws.  According  to  Article  17  and  following  paragraphs  of  Federal  Law  No. 6,404/1976, dividends  paid  to  preferred  shares  must  be  at  least  10%  higher  than  those  paid  to  common  shares.  Class  'A'  preferred  shares  have  priority  in  the reimbursement of capital and in the distribution of minimum dividends of 10% p.a. (non-cumulative), calculated based on the capital represented by this class of shares. Class 'B' preferred shares have priority in the reimbursement of capital and the right to the distribution of dividends, calculated as 25% of adjusted profit or loss for the year, pursuant to the corporate legislation and to the Company's Bylaws, calculated proportionately to the capital represented by the shares of this class. Dividends for Class 'B' have priority only over the common shares and are only paid out of the remaining profits payment of priority dividends of class 'A' shares.

On  December  31,  2022,  paid  in  capital  is  R$10,800,000  (R$10,800,000  as  of  December  31,  2021).  Its  composition  by  shares  (without  par  value)  and  the  main shareholders are shown below, already considering the number of shares updated after the split and the conversion period of the UNITs Program ratified and approved by Management in 2021:

12.31.2022

State of Paraná

BNDESPAR

Free float:

B3

NYSE

Latibex

Other shareholders

12.31.2021

State of Paraná

BNDESPAR

Free float:

B3

NYSE

Latibex

Other shareholders

Number of shares in units

Total number of shares

850,243,331

655,807,810

1,043,287,460

163,214,560

2,018,410

21,982,179

31.07

23.96

38.13

5.96

0.07

0.81

2,736,553,750

100.00

Number of shares in units

Total number of shares

850,274,296

655,807,810

991,260,193

215,575,500

2,010,710

21,625,241

2,736,553,750

Common number of shares

734,298,319

131,161,562

137,163,852

32,642,912

222,167

18,601,648

1,054,090,460

Common number of shares

734,304,512

131,161,562

126,653,784

43,115,100

228,667

18,626,835

1,054,090,460

69.66

12.44

13.02

3.10

0.02

1.76

100.00

69.66

12.44

12.02

4.09

0.02

1.77

100.00

Class "A' Preferred number of shares

-

-

674,880

-

-

2,453,120

3,128,000

Class "A' Preferred number of shares

-

-

661,760

-

-

2,466,240

3,128,000

-

-

21.58

-

-

78.42

100.00

-

-

21.16

-

-

78.84

100.00

Class 'B' preferred number of shares

115,945,012

524,646,248

905,448,728

130,571,648

1,796,243

927,411

1,679,335,290

Class 'B' preferred number of shares

115,969,784

524,646,248

863,944,649

172,460,400

1,782,043

532,166

1,679,335,290

6.90

31.24

53.92

7.78

0.11

0.05

100.00

6.91

31.24

51.44

10.27

0.11

0.03

100.00

31.07

23.96

36.23

7.88

0.07

0.79

100.00

| 12.31.2020  Number of shares in units  Common  Class "A' Preferred  Class 'B' preferred  Total  number of shares  %  number of shares  %  number of shares  %  number of shares  %  State of Paraná  850,285,980  58.63  -  -  -  -  850,285,980  31.07  BNDES  382,987,750  26.41  -  -  272,820,060  21.26  655,807,810  23.96  Free float:  B3  197,200,880  13.59  767,830  23.50  774,780,030  60.40  972,748,740  35.56  NYSE  1,163,450  0.08  -  -  233,148,470  18.17  234,311,920  8.56  Latibex  -  -  -  -  1,721,110  0.13  1,721,110  0.06  Other shareholders  18,672,740  1.29  2,499,690  76.50  505,760  0.04  21,678,190  0.79  1,450,310,800  100.00  3,267,520  100.00  1,282,975,430  100.00  2,736,553,750  100.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 29.2 Legal reserve and profit retention reserve

The legal reserve is constituted based on 5% of the net income for the year, before any allocation, limited to 20% of the share capital.

The profit retention reserve aims to cover the Company's investment program, pursuant to article 196 of Law 6,404/1976. It is constituted by retaining the remainder of net income for the year, after constituting the legal reserve and proposing interest on own capital and dividends.

## 29.3 Proposed dividend distribution

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Calculation basis for dividends  Net income for the year  1,112,007  4,952,573  3,904,202  Legal Reserve (5%)  (55,600)  (247,629)  (195,210)  Realization of equity evaluation adjustment  36,513  46,575  59,630  Calculation basis for minimum mandatory dividends  1,092,920  4,751,519  3,768,622  Proposed dividends  Interest on own capital - gross value  970,000  522,809  807,500  Interim dividends  -  1,197,003  -  Dividends - PNA shares  258  -  -  Complement to reach the mandatory minimum  -  -  211,057  Additional proposed dividends (a)  -  1,368,675  1,507,449  Total proposed distribution  970,258  3,088,487  2,526,006  Gross value of dividends per class of shares:  Ordinary shares  357,961  1,120,747  1,278,126  Class 'A' preferred shares  1,407  3,658  4,155  Class 'B' preferred shares  610,890  1,964,082  1,243,725  Gross value of dividends per share:  Ordinary shares  0.33393  1.06323  0.88128  Class 'A' preferred shares  0.44976  1.16956  1.27172  Class 'B' preferred shares  0.36732  1.16956  0.96941  Gross value of dividends per share - Units (b)  1.80322  5.74147  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) In April 2022 and 2021 the General Assembly resolved to pay the proposed additional dividend, which occurred in June 2022 and August 2021.

(b) The Units are made up of 1 Ordinary share and 4 Class "B" preferred shares.

Pursuant to the legal and statutory provisions in force and management's resolution, the basis for calculating dividends is obtained from the adjusted net income that corresponds to the net income for the year less the portion allocated to the legal reserve, plus the realization amount of equity adjustments for the year.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

According to the Company's Dividend Policy, regular dividend calculation will be based on the Financial Leverage Ratio defined at the end of each fiscal year. For an index below 1.5, the dividend corresponds to 65% of the adjusted net income; for an index between 1.5 and 2.7, the dividend corresponds to 50% of the adjusted net income; for an index above 2.7, the dividend corresponds to 25% of the adjusted net income (mandatory minimum). These amounts, except for the mandatory minimum dividend, will be limited to the cash flow available for the same fiscal year, equivalent to the cash flow from operating activities, less net cash flow used in investing activities.  Management  may  also  propose  extraordinary  dividends,  limited  to  balance  of  the  Company's  distributable  profit  reserves,  conditioned  to  resolution  and approval in Shareholders' Meeting, after hearing the Supervisory Board.

The  205  Special  General  Meeting,  held  on  November  21,  2022,  approved,  in  accordance  with  the  Corporate  Bylaws  and  the  Dividend  Policy,  the  distribution  of R$970,000 in the form of Interest on own capital - JSCP, as follows: R$79,000 from net income for the first half of 2022 and R$891,000 from the retained profits reserve. These JSCP amounts, net of taxes, are classified as mandatory dividends for 2022, according to the criteria established in article 88 of the Company's Corporate Bylaws, and the difference is considered both for payment of regular dividends for 2022 and for extraordinary dividends provided for in the Company's Dividend Policy. Additionally, on December 31, 2022, R$258 were recorded to supplement the priority dividends for class 'A' preferred shares (PNA), in compliance with Copel's Articles of Incorporation determinations. Of the R$970,258, R$600,000 were paid on November 30, 2022. The payment date of R$370,258 will be defined at the 68 General Shareholders' Meeting to be held in April 2023

## 29.4 Equity valuation adjustments

Fair values of fixed assets - deemed costs - were recognized on the first-time adoption of IFRS. The line item 'Equity value adjustments' was the balancing item of this adjustment, net of deferred income tax and social contribution. The realization of such adjustments is recorded in the retained earnings line item, to the extent of the depreciation or possible disposal of the measured fixed assets.

Adjustments arising from the changes in fair value involving financial assets, as well as actuarial gains and losses, are also recorded in this line item:

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| Balance as of January 1, 2020  591,927  Actuarial liabilities  Post employment benefits  (271,345)  Taxes on adjustments  92,190  Realization of equity evaluation adjustment  Deemed cost of fixed assets  (90,347)  Taxes on adjustments  30,717  Attributed to non-controlling interest  207  Balance as of December 31, 2020  353,349  Actuarial liabilities  Post employment benefits  246,626  Taxes on adjustments  (93,881)  Realization of equity evaluation adjustment  Deemed cost of fixed assets  (70,569)  Taxes on adjustments  23,994  Actuarial liability - investiment realization  (33,205)  Attributed to non-controlling interest  (144)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  426,170  Actuarial liabilities  Post employment benefits  291,740  Taxes on adjustments  (88,548)  Realization of equity evaluation adjustment  Deemed cost of fixed assets  (55,322)  Taxes on adjustments  18,809  Actuarial gain - realization (a)  (3,541)  Other adjustments  Gains on financial assets - subsidiaries  10,295  Taxes on other adjustments  (3,500)  Attributed to non-controlling interest  (2,721)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  593,382   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) realization of Copel SER's actuarial gain after the transfer of all employees to Copel's other wholly-owned subsidiaries.

## 29.5 Earnings per share - basic and diluted

| Continuing  Total  Continuing  Discontinued  Total  Continuing  Discontinued  Total  operations  12.31.2022  operations  operations  12.31.2021  operations  operations  12.31.2020  Basic and diluted numerator  Basic and diluted earnings allocated by classes of shares, allocated to controlling  shareholders:  Common shares  409,399  409,399  1,417,379  482,241  1,899,620  1,935,144  40,607  1,975,751  Class 'A' preferred shares  1,575  1,575  4,478  1,430  5,908  5,783  100  5,883  Class 'B' preferred shares  701,033  701,033  2,345,340  701,705  3,047,045  1,883,054  39,514  1,922,568  1,112,007  1,112,007  3,767,197  1,185,376  4,952,573  3,823,981  80,221  3,904,202  Basic and diluted denominator  Weighted average of shares (in thousands):  Common shares  1,054,090,460  1,054,090,460  1,176,755,935  1,176,755,935  1,176,755,935  1,450,310,800  1,450,310,800  1,450,310,800  Class 'A' preferred shares  3,128,000  3,128,000  3,171,194  3,171,194  3,171,194  3,268,067  3,268,067  3,268,067  Class 'B' preferred shares  1,679,335,290  1,679,335,290  1,556,626,621  1,556,626,621  1,556,626,621  1,282,974,883  1,282,974,883  1,282,974,883  2,736,553,750  2,736,553,750  2,736,553,750  2,736,553,750  2,736,553,750  2,736,553,750  2,736,553,750  2,736,553,750  Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to controlling shareholders  Common shares  0.38839  0.38839  1.20448  0.40981  1.61429  1.33430  0.02800  1.36229  Class 'A' preferred shares  0.50343  0.50343  1.41173  0.45079  1.86252  1.76982  0.03080  1.80062  Class 'B' preferred shares  0.41745  0.41745  1.50668  0.45079  1.95747  1.46773  0.03080  1.49852   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 30. Net Operating Revenue

| PIS/Pasep  Service  Net revenue  Gross  and  ICMS  Sectorial  tax  revenues  Cofins  (VAT)  charges  (ISSQN)  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Electricity sales to final customers  11,392,957  (865,989)  (2,042,838)  (974,093)  -  7,510,037  7,237,677  6,652,824  Electricity sales to distributors  4,644,150  (650,271)  (18,876)  (62,086)  -  3,912,917  6,051,854  3,779,830  Use of the main distribution and transmission grid  9,843,657  (784,691)  (1,595,850)  (2,634,275)  -  4,828,841  5,295,074  4,372,596  Construction income  2,176,158  -  -  -  -  2,176,158  1,951,559  1,414,067  Fair value of assets from the indemnity for the concession  89,941  -  -  -  -  89,941  142,642  57,341  Distribution of piped gas  1,669,588  (121,925)  (288,104)  -  (63)  1,259,496  712,267  502,655  Result of sectorial financial assets and liabilities  1,847,863  (170,927)  -  -  -  1,676,936  2,270,859  676,939  Other operating revenue  534,325  (54,579)  -  -  (6,351)  473,395  322,355  366,434  Recovery of Pis/Pasep and Cofins on ICMS  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  810,563  32,198,639  (2,648,382)  (3,945,668)  (3,670,454)  (6,414)  21,927,721  23,984,287  18,633,249   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The reduction in Electricity sales to distributors revenue is mainly due to the reduction in dispatches from the UEGA thermoelectric plant, in view of the improvement in the hydrological scenario.

## 30.1 Revenue by type and/or class of customers

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Electricity sales to final customers  11,392,957  12,296,456  9,524,897  Residential  3,441,726  4,098,156  3,098,969  Industrial  954,280  1,230,945  970,638  Trade, services and other activities  1,930,820  2,202,475  1,701,260  Rural  768,128  873,560  613,419  Public entities  262,000  276,383  195,259  Public lighting  253,758  339,524  233,558  Public service  351,613  400,341  290,482  Free consumers  2,692,303  2,203,320  1,729,603  Donations and grants  738,329  671,752  691,709  Electricity sales to distributors  4,644,150  7,034,152  4,330,982  Bilateral contracts  2,923,509  2,390,859  2,386,929  Regulated contracts  1,033,405  1,026,124  916,377  Electric Energy Trade Chamber - CCEE  568,797  3,482,687  933,369  Effective interest - grant bônus (Note 9.3)  118,439  134,482  94,307  Use of the main distribution and transmission grid  9,843,657  10,088,231  8,780,612  Residential  2,899,387  3,011,507  2,788,725  Industrial  1,174,082  1,456,377  1,273,320  Trade, services and other activities  1,735,174  1,771,496  1,628,098  Rural  662,963  623,280  548,682  Public entities  231,753  205,247  180,814  Public lighting  195,319  213,433  205,904  Public service  218,738  214,501  195,597  Free consumers  1,819,152  1,440,922  1,164,020  Concessionaires and generators  86,160  79,493  61,720  Operating and maintenance income - O&amp;M and interest income  820,929  1,071,975  733,732  Construction income  2,176,158  1,951,559  1,414,067  Power distribution service concession  2,048,022  1,700,889  1,154,488  Power gas distribution service concession  12,024  11,222  7,438  Power transmission concession(a)  116,112  239,448  252,141  Fair value of assets from the indemnity for the concession  89,941  142,642  57,341  Distribution of piped gas  1,669,588  950,850  679,304  Result of sectorial financial assets and liabilities  1,847,863  2,502,324  746,052  Other operating revenue  534,325  358,997  406,539  Leasing and rent (30.2)  374,801  253,049  176,452  Fair value in the purchase and sale of power  32,747  -  137,463  Income from rendering of services  59,048  91,932  44,182  Other income  67,729  14,016  48,442  GROSS OPERATING REVENUE  32,198,639  35,325,211  25,939,794  (-) Pis/Pasep and Cofins  (2,648,382)  (2,839,713)  (2,038,541)  Recovery of Pis/Pasep and Cofins on ICMS (Note 12.2.1)  -  -  810,563  (-) ICMS (VAT)  (3,945,668)  (4,984,945)  (4,216,720)  (-) Service tax (ISSQN)  (6,414)  (7,509)  (4,504)  (-) Sectorial charges (30.3)  (3,670,454)  (3,508,757)  (1,857,343)  NET OPERATING REVENUE  21,927,721  23,984,287  18,633,249   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The balance contains the amount of construction revenue, the construction margin and the efficiency gain or loss as detailed in Note 10.3.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 30.2 Leases and rentals

## 30.2.1 Revenue from leases and rentals

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Equipment and structures  373,036  251,953  175,673  Facilities sharing  1,529  738  415  Real estate  236  358  364  374,801  253,049  176,452   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30.3 Regulatory charges

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Energy Development Account - "CDE " - Power distribution service concession (30.3.1)  2,670,262  1,737,716  1,530,998  Other charges - rate flags (30.3.2)  724,414  1,480,361  81,159  Research and development and energy efficiency - R&amp;D and EEP  154,138  191,006  144,474  Global Reversion Reserve - RGR quota  42,103  44,372  62,057  Energy Development Account - "CDE "- Power transmission concession  65,460  42,973  27,315  Inspection fee  14,077  12,329  11,340  3,670,454  3,508,757  1,857,343   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30.3.1 Energy Development Account - CDE - power distribution concession

CDE, created by Law no. 10438/2002, amended by Law No. 12783/2013, which aims to promote energy development in the national territory, has as one of its fund sources the tariff charge attributed to end consumers in the tariff processes and periodically paid by the distributor. Annual charge amounts are defined by Aneel through approval resolutions and managed by CCEE.

As of June 2021, the Company began paying CDE Covid Account amounts provided for in Decision No. 939/2021, in the monthly amount of R$29,032, to repay the loan transaction taken out by CCEE, which intended to cover deficits or anticipate distributor revenues. The repayment will be made over 54 months, from June 2021 to December 2025.

On  February  24,  2023,  Aneel  published  Decision  No.  510,  which  confirmed  the  specific  amounts  of  CDE  water  shortage  (Note  8.1)  for  payment  of  the  financial transaction  contracted  to  cover  the  additional  costs  demanded  in  the  water  crisis  period,  according  to  Regulatory  Resolution  No.  1008/2022.  The  monthly  amount determined for Copel DIS is R$6,454, to be paid to CCEE as of June 2023.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The balance is as follows:

| Resolutions  Period  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  "CDE USO"  Quotas (a)  2,321,875  1,534,490  1,531,713  Covid Account(b)  183,444  107,009  -  (-) Preliminary injunctions  -  -  (715)  2,505,319  1,641,499  1,530,998  "CDE ENERGIA"  Covid Account (b)  164,943  96,217  -  2,670,262  1,737,716  1,530,998   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) "CDE Uso": Resolution No. 3,034/2022 (may-dec/22), Resolution No. 3,004/2021 (jan-apr/22); Resolution No. 2,814/2020 and Aneel Technical Note No. 12/2021 (jan-feb/21); Resolution No. 2,834/2021 (mar-dec/21); Resolution No. 2.664/2019 (jan-dec/20).

(b) "CDE Uso" e "CDE Energia" - Covid Account: Order No. 939/2021.

## 30.3.2 Tariff flag

The tariff flag system was created by Aneel Regulatory Resolution No. 547/2013, effective from 2015, to indicate whether an increase in the electric energy value to be passed on to end consumers would apply depending on the conditions for electricity generation.

The water crisis  scenario  prevailed  from  September  2021  to  April  2022,  with  the  application  of  red  flag  and  water  shortage  modalities  to  cover  the  higher  energy generation costs. From May to December 2022, after improving water conditions, application of the green flag prevailed, with no increase in energy bills.

## 30.4 Copel DIS annual tariff adjustment

Aneel ratified the result of the 2022 Annual Tariff Adjustment of Copel Distribuição through Approval Resolution No. 3,049, of June 21, 2022, authorizing an average readjustment of 4.90% perceived by consumers (9.89% in the readjustment of June 2021), and which was fully applied to tariffs as of June 24, 2022, with the average readjustment for high voltage consumers being 9.32% and 2.68% for low voltage consumers (respectively, 9.57 % and 10.04% in 2021).

## 31. Operating Costs and Expenses

| General  and  Other  Operational  Selling  administrative  operational  costs  expenses  expenses  expenses, net  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Non-manageable costs and expenses  Electricity purchased for resale (31.1)  (8,096,910)  -  -  -  (8,096,910)  (9,503,743)  (6,829,530)  Charge of the main distribution and transmission grid  (2,520,527)  -  -  -  (2,520,527)  (2,501,641)  (1,525,567)  Materials and supplies for power electricity  (120,409)  -  -  -  (120,409)  (1,854,948)  (404,496)  Natural gas and supplies for gas business  (939,516)  -  -  -  (939,516)  (506,065)  (354,701)  (11,677,362)  -  -  -  (11,677,362)  (14,366,397)  (9,114,294)  Manageable costs and expenses  Personnel and management (31.2)  (683,018)  (6,637)  (337,207)  -  (1,026,862)  (1,550,857)  (1,601,895)  Pension and healthcare plans (Note 22.3)  (181,080)  (1,028)  (84,073)  -  (266,181)  (248,773)  (228,634)  Materials  (80,822)  (7)  (11,618)  -  (92,447)  (69,822)  (72,680)  Third-party services (31.3)  (600,781)  (5,784)  (194,178)  -  (800,743)  (706,599)  (558,041)  Credit losses, provisions and reversals(31.4)  (84,387)  (125,132)  -  (621,697)  (831,216)  (184,990)  (201,415)  Other operational costs and expenses, net (31.6)  (253,486)  (48,150)  (119,162)  (113,696)  (534,494)  (365,285)  (369,154)  (1,883,574)  (186,738)  (746,238)  (735,393)  (3,551,943)  (3,126,326)  (3,031,819)  Other  Depreciation and amortization  (1,218,259)  (2)  (57,483)  (25,238)  (1,300,982)  (1,082,539)  (1,009,913)  Construction cost (31.5)  (2,149,212)  -  -  -  (2,149,212)  (1,899,844)  (1,417,504)  (3,367,471)  (2)  (57,483)  (25,238)  (3,450,194)  (2,982,383)  (2,427,417)  (16,928,407)  (186,740)  (803,721)  (760,631)  (18,679,499)  (20,475,106)  (14,573,530)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.1 Electricity purchased for resale

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Purchase of Energy in the Regulated Environment - CCEAR  3,538,507  3,872,427  3,107,956  Itaipu Binacional  1,460,955  1,787,691  1,766,058  Electric Energy Trade Chamber - CCEE  370,207  1,673,116  1,176,798  Bilateral contracts  2,609,713  2,578,241  1,087,439  Program for incentive to alternative energy sources - Proinfa  437,461  271,435  221,406  Micro and mini generators  675,804  360,371  161,324  Fair value in the purchase and sale of power  -  35,818  -  (-) PIS/Pasep/Cofins taxes on electricity purchased for resale  (995,737)  (1,075,356)  (691,451)  8,096,910  9,503,743  6,829,530   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.2 Personnel and management

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Personnel  Salaries and management fees  655,094  691,660  696,837  Social charges on payroll  217,267  227,381  227,485  Meal and education allowance  98,963  102,957  107,052  Voluntary retirement program  (9,315)  139,232  66,905  962,009  1,161,230  1,098,279  Management  Salaries and management fees  18,717  18,118  18,465  Social charges on payroll  3,872  3,832  3,233  Other expenses  256  254  237  22,845  22,204  21,935  Provisions for performance and profit sharing  of employees and administrators  42,008  367,423  481,681  1,026,862  1,550,857  1,601,895   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 31.3 Third party services

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Maintenance of electrical system  338,283  319,162  206,688  Maintenance of facilities  97,216  103,726  97,889  Communication, processing and transmission of data  91,713  64,772  42,244  Consumer service / call center  83,203  66,733  56,583  Meter reading and bill delivery  53,660  52,831  48,895  Consulting and audit  53,344  38,832  41,043  Other services  83,324  60,543  64,699  800,743  706,599  558,041   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.4 Credit losses, provisions and reversals

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Provision for legal claims (Note 28)  626,602  190,071  150,269  Impairment of assets  Power generation concession contract  9,061  (2,604)  (10,502)  Gas operations (Note 11.1)  1,629  15,688  -  Property, plant and equipment - generation segment  73,697  (147,938)  (37,609)  Expected credit losses (Trade accounts and Other receivables)  125,132  125,226  92,587  Tax credits estimated losses (reversal of losses)  (4,905)  4,547  (1,298)  Provision (reversal) for losses on equity interests  -  -  7,968  831,216  184,990  201,415   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.5 Construction costs

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Materials  1,229,643  1,088,808  781,807  Third party services  704,105  626,540  460,952  Personnel  171,369  155,182  140,108  Other  44,095  29,314  34,637  2,149,212  1,899,844  1,417,504   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 31.6 Other operating costs and expenses, net

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Financial offset for the use of water resources  142,270  85,545  63,841  Taxes  61,856  43,308  37,847  Net losses (gains) in the decommissioning and disposal of assets  58,260  (61)  44,020  Collection charge  47,923  50,371  49,903  Insurance  42,460  33,678  26,593  Leasing and rent  39,128  21,067  9,705  Fair value of power generation concession assets  26,451  -  -  Aneel inspection fee  17,332  16,892  -  Compensation  14,703  48,679  38,423  Donations, contributions, grants, tax incentives (a)  8,117  41,152  22,136  Advertising and publicity  Associação das Emissoras de Radiodifusão do Paraná - AERP  11,789  11,400  11,455  Publicity  10,593  11,953  9,598  Sponsorship  2,620  897  1,126  Talento Olímpico Paranaense - TOP  4,665  4,750  4,750  Other net income, costs and expenses  46,327  (4,346)  49,757  534,494  365,285  369,154   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The balance includes the Company's social investments in education, culture, health, sports, among others, including incentive donations used as a tax benefit.

## 32. Financial Results

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Financial income  Return on financial investments  463,255  163,888  80,704  Arrears charges on bills  274,308  326,217  271,966  Remuneration of net sectorial assets and liabilities (Note 8)  146,753  35,902  20,168  Monetary variation over the Itaipu power purchase  43,946  30,043  42,729  Recognition of tax credit  33,908  21,640  -  Monetary variation and adjustment to present value of accounts  payable related to the concession (Note 25.1)  2,720  5,373  2,322  Interest and monetary variation of CRC transfer (a)  -  255,777  341,964  Exchange variation on loan collateral  -  9,243  35,089  Derivatives fair value - forward contract  -  -  24,511  Other financial income  109,800  125,594  160,100  (-) Pis/Pasep and Cofins taxes on financial income  (41,853)  (41,628)  (84,434)  1,032,837  932,049  895,119  ( - ) Financial expenses  Monetary and exchange variation and debt charges  1,479,057  855,814  607,569  Monetary variation and adjustment to present value of accounts  payable related to the concession (Note 25.1)  142,673  200,629  192,848  PIS/Pasep/Cofins taxes on interest on capital  107,720  34,382  27,748  Interest on R&amp;D and EEP (Note 24.1)  34,644  14,814  12,550  Monetary variation over the Itaipu power purchase  27,584  58,814  75,478  Remuneration of net sectorial assets and liabilities (Note 8)  11,208  3,744  62  Derivatives fair value - forward contract  2,907  20,401  -  Interest and monetary variation of CRC transfer (a)  -  1,788  -  Other financial expenses  181,711  69,024  57,142  1,987,504  1,259,410  973,397  (954,667)  (327,361)  (78,278)  Restatement of PIS/Cofins credits/(provision for allocation of  PIS/Cofins credits) - (Note 12.2.1)  1,011,370  -  944,549  Net  (1,966,037)  (327,361)  866,271   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The balance of the Account for Compensation of Income and Losses - CRC was settled by the Paraná State Government on August 10,2021, as detailed in Note 8 of the Financial Statements of December 31,2021.

## 33. Operating Segments

Operating segments are business activities that generate revenues and incur expenses, whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the executive boards of the Company and by key strategic decision-makers responsible for allocating funds and assessing performance.

## 33.1 Products and services from which the reportable segments have their revenues generated

The Company operates in reportable segments identified by Management, through the chief officers of each business area, taking into consideration the regulatory environments, the strategic business units and the different products and services. These segments are managed separately, since each business and each company require different technologies and strategies.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

Until December 31, 2022, all sales have been to customers within the Brazilian territory, in addition, all noncurrent assets are also located in the national territory. The Company did not identify any customer who individually accounts for more than 10% of their total net revenue until December 31, 2022.

The  Company  evaluates  the  performance  of  each  segment,  based  on  information  derived  from  the  accounting  records.  The  accounting  policies  of  the  operating segments are the same as those described in Note 4 of these financial statements.

## 33.2 Company's reportable segments

Power generation and transmission (GET) -  its  attribution  is  to  produce  electricity  from  hydraulic,  wind,  and  thermal  projects (GER) and  to  provide  services  of transmission and transformation of electric power, being responsible for the construction, operation and maintenance of substations, as well for the energy transmission lines (TRA) ;  for  managers,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  generation  and  transmission  segments  are  shown  on  an  aggregate  basis  while  their  result  is  presented separately;

Power distribution (DIS) its  attribution is to provide public electricity distribution services, being responsible for the operation and maintenance of the distribution infrastructure, as well as providing related services;

Power sale (COM) - its attribution is to trade energy and related services;

GAS - its attribution is to provide public service of piped natural gas distribution;

Holding and Services - its attribution is the provision of services and participation in other companies.

## 33.3 Assets by reportable segment

| ASSETS  Electric Energy  GAS  Holding and  Services  Intersegment  operations  Total  12.31.2022  GET  DIS  COM  TOTAL ASSETS  24,917,856  20,538,815  1,808,971  1,083,713  2,244,405  (890,060)  49,703,700  CURRENT ASSETS  3,237,725  4,937,240  990,867  282,714  1,311,618  (1,432,915)  9,327,249  NONCURRENT ASSETS  21,680,131  15,601,575  818,104  800,999  932,787  542,855  40,376,451  Long term assets  6,819,202  8,200,557  809,498  59,505  732,365  (178,982)  16,442,145  Investments  3,163,152  534  -  -  162,045  -  3,325,731  Property, plant and equipment  10,054,763  -  541  -  14,164  -  10,069,468  Intangible assets  1,559,776  7,257,827  6,193  726,107  5,987  721,837  10,277,727  Right-of-use asset  83,238  142,657  1,872  15,387  18,226  -  261,380   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ASSETS  Electric Energy  GAS  Holding and  Services  Reclassi-  fications  (a)  Intersegment  operations  Total  12.31.2021  GET  DIS  COM  TOTAL ASSETS  24,844,335  20,804,701  1,519,017  827,901  3,243,736  (1,451,159)  (250,996)  49,537,535  CURRENT ASSETS  3,316,406  6,448,051  755,227  355,500  2,356,145  (652,886)  (1,388,571)  11,189,872  NONCURRENT ASSETS  21,527,929  14,356,650  763,790  472,401  887,591  (798,273)  1,137,575  38,347,663  Long term assets  6,639,545  7,664,328  757,873  362,649  694,197  (129,077)  (246,193)  15,743,322  Investments  2,887,272  540  -  -  154,322  -  -  3,042,134  Property, plant and equipment  10,123,352  -  305  -  18,934  (651,458)  651,458  10,142,591  Intangible assets  1,799,391  6,596,184  4,038  96,145  5,230  (8,202)  722,774  9,215,560  Right-of-use asset  78,369  95,598  1,574  13,607  14,908  (9,536)  9,536  204,056   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Reclassifications arising from the divestment process of Copel Telecomunicações (Note 39).

## 33.4 Statement of income by reportable segment

| STATEMENT OF INCOME  Electric Energy  GAS  Holding and  Services  Inter-  segment  operations  Total  GET  12.31.2022  GER  TRA  DIS  COM  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  NET OPERATING REVENUE  4,099,740  1,140,734  13,903,300  4,938,368  1,297,034  8,014  (3,459,469)  21,927,721  Net operating revenue - third-parties  1,369,563  781,448  13,866,122  4,608,702  1,293,872  8,014  -  21,927,721  Net operating revenue - between segments  2,730,177  359,286  37,178  329,666  3,162  -  (3,459,469)  -  OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES  (2,766,048)  (303,450)  (13,418,798)  (4,814,710)  (1,076,181)  (570,344)  3,459,469  (19,490,062)  Energy purchased for resale  (386,210)  -  (5,980,124)  (4,790,427)  -  -  3,059,851  (8,096,910)  Charges for use of the main transmission grid  (599,422)  -  (2,313,203)  -  -  -  392,098  (2,520,527)  Personnel and management  (207,684)  (123,528)  (599,121)  (12,712)  (42,166)  (41,651)  -  (1,026,862)  Pension and healthcare plans  (48,973)  (30,948)  (169,493)  (1,787)  (5,366)  (9,614)  -  (266,181)  Materials and supplies  (13,227)  (5,297)  (71,302)  (53)  (1,644)  (924)  -  (92,447)  Raw materials and supplies for generation  (123,279)  -  -  -  -  -  2,870  (120,409)  Natural gas and supplies for gas business  -  -  -  -  (939,516)  -  -  (939,516)  Third party services  (207,239)  (37,041)  (505,407)  (2,665)  (13,316)  (41,702)  6,627  (800,743)  Depreciation and amortization  (783,828)  (13,692)  (454,307)  (353)  (44,190)  (4,612)  -  (1,300,982)  Provision (reversal) for litigations  (17,503)  (951)  (162,414)  31  (24)  (445,741)  -  (626,602)  Impairment of assets  (82,758)  -  -  -  (1,629)  -  -  (84,387)  Other estimated losses, provisions and reversals  (992)  3,065  (119,481)  (1,755)  (1,064)  -  -  (120,227)  Construction cost  -  (89,166)  (2,048,022)  -  (12,024)  -  -  (2,149,212)  Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits  -  -  (810,563)  -  -  -  -  (810,563)  Other operating costs and expenses, net  (294,933)  (5,892)  (185,361)  (4,989)  (15,242)  (26,100)  (1,977)  (534,494)  EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF INVESTEES  20,370  450,235  -  -  -  7,972  -  478,577  PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE FINANCIAL  INCOME AND TAX  1,354,062  1,287,519  484,502  123,658  220,853  (554,358)  -  2,916,236  Financial income  210,356  58,514  593,726  32,667  56,730  87,621  (6,777)  1,032,837  Financial expenses  (669,382)  (272,287)  (752,097)  (291)  (28,290)  (271,934)  6,777  (1,987,504)  Update of provision for allocation of  PIS and Cofins credits  -  -  (1,011,370)  -  -  -  -  (1,011,370)  OPERATING PROFIT (LOSS)  895,036  1,073,746  (685,239)  156,034  249,293  (738,671)  -  950,199  Income tax and social contribution  (241,816)  (56,354)  455,465  (47,659)  (70,092)  159,578  -  199,122  NET INCOME (LOSS)  653,220  1,017,392  (229,774)  108,375  179,201  (579,093)  -  1,149,321   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| STATEMENT OF INCOME  Electric Energy  TEL (a)  GAS  Holding  and  Services  Reclassi-  fications  (a)  Inter-  segment  operations  Total  GET  12.31.2021  GER  TRA  DIS  COM  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  NET OPERATING REVENUES  6,185,468  1,541,080  14,836,392  4,536,414  243,611  783,277  40,478  (228,379)  (3,954,054)  23,984,287  Net operating revenue - third-parties  3,823,917  1,181,374  14,785,432  3,395,592  228,379  757,494  40,478  (228,379)  -  23,984,287  Net operating revenue - between segments  2,361,551  359,706  50,960  1,140,822  15,232  25,783  -  -  (3,954,054)  -  OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES  (3,312,461)  (457,137)  (13,669,382)  (4,478,439)  (222,883)  (654,643)  (246,871)  81,805  4,055,448  (18,904,563)  Energy purchased for resale  (1,279,857)  -  (7,277,499)  (4,450,586)  -  -  -  -  3,504,199  (9,503,743)  Charges for use of the main transmission grid  (524,562)  -  (2,363,451)  -  -  -  -  -  386,372  (2,501,641)  Personnel and management  (281,498)  (167,041)  (905,338)  (18,568)  (39,365)  (39,121)  (99,926)  -  -  (1,550,857)  Pension and healthcare plans  (44,166)  (27,954)  (155,774)  (1,547)  (6,289)  (5,154)  (7,889)  -  -  (248,773)  Materials and supplies  (9,863)  (4,161)  (51,722)  (17)  (965)  (3,590)  (471)  965  2  (69,822)  Raw materials and supplies for generation  (1,878,815)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  23,867  (1,854,948)  Natural gas and supplies for gas business  -  -  -  -  -  (506,065)  -  -  -  (506,065)  Third party services  (203,823)  (30,699)  (450,752)  (2,925)  (38,690)  (13,850)  (26,147)  38,690  21,597  (706,599)  Depreciation and amortization  (616,267)  (11,431)  (406,632)  (234)  (77,901)  (41,178)  (3,515)  1,893  72,726  (1,082,539)  Provision (reversal) for litigations  (25,238)  (9,151)  (89,662)  (295)  4,845  (15,510)  (50,215)  (4,845)  -  (190,071)  Impairment of assets  150,697  (155)  -  -  5,156  (15,688)  -  (5,156)  -  134,854  Other estimated losses, provisions and reversals  (1,041)  (3,498)  (127,334)  (511)  (8,612)  2,611  (28,662)  8,612  28,662  (129,773)  Construction cost  -  (187,733)  (1,700,889)  -  -  (11,222)  -  -  -  (1,899,844)  Hydrological risk renegotiation (GSF)  1,570,543  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,570,543  Other operating costs and expenses, net  (168,571)  (15,314)  (140,329)  (3,756)  (61,062)  (5,876)  (30,046)  41,646  18,023  (365,285)  EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF INVESTEES  16,596  339,774  -  -  -  -  9,944  -  -  366,314  PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE FINANCIAL  INCOME AND TAX  2,889,603  1,423,717  1,167,010  57,975  20,728  128,634  (196,449)  (146,574)  101,394  5,446,038  Financial income  128,461  19,542  457,697  14,151  19,183  19,422  313,617  (19,180)  (20,844)  932,049  Financial expenses  (506,541)  (160,961)  (391,228)  (211)  (44,928)  (9,605)  (211,708)  44,928  20,844  (1,259,410)  OPERATING PROFIT (LOSS)  2,511,523  1,282,298  1,233,479  71,915  (5,017)  138,451  (94,540)  (120,826)  101,394  5,118,677  Income tax and social contribution  (675,107)  (262,395)  (375,597)  (18,190)  (6,284)  (38,860)  93,879  47,648  (24,726)  (1,259,632)  NET INCOME (LOSS) - CONTINUING OPERATIONS  1,836,416  1,019,903  857,882  53,725  (11,301)  99,591  (661)  (73,178)  76,668  3,859,045  Result of discontinued operations  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,116,379  73,178  -  1,189,557  NET INCOME (LOSS)  1,836,416  1,019,903  857,882  53,725  (11,301)  99,591  1,115,718  -  76,668  5,048,602   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) TEL segment discontinued in 2021; reclassifications arising from the divestment process of Copel Telecomunicações (Note 39).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| STATEMENT OF INCOME  Electric Energy  TEL (a)  GAS  HOL  Reclassi-  fications  (a)  Inter-  segment  operations  Total  GET  12.31.2020  GER  TRA  DIS  COM  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  NET OPERATING REVENUES  4,030,979  1,186,215  12,363,459  2,420,657  386,634  535,206  -  (355,843)  (1,934,058)  18,633,249  Net operating revenues - third-parties  2,599,807  875,240  12,312,047  2,323,825  355,845  522,328  -  (355,843)  -  18,633,249  Net operating revenues - between segments  1,431,172  310,975  51,412  96,832  30,789  12,878  -  -  (1,934,058)  -  OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES  (2,348,409)  (536,968)  (10,674,981)  (2,262,053)  (363,673)  (452,495)  (107,059)  203,779  1,968,329  (14,573,530)  Energy purchased for resale  (260,650)  -  (5,856,372)  (2,239,388)  -  -  -  -  1,526,880  (6,829,530)  Charges for use of the main transmission grid  (489,921)  -  (1,370,814)  -  -  -  -  -  335,168  (1,525,567)  Personnel and management  (277,905)  (168,828)  (994,037)  (15,007)  (82,817)  (35,998)  (27,303)  -  -  (1,601,895)  Pension and healthcare plans  (38,196)  (23,972)  (146,422)  (1,493)  (11,207)  (4,663)  (2,681)  -  -  (228,634)  Materials and supplies  (9,695)  (3,466)  (58,196)  (28)  (1,364)  (580)  (715)  1,364  -  (72,680)  Raw materials and supplies for generation  (415,405)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  10,909  (404,496)  Natural gas and supplies for gas business  -  -  -  -  -  (354,701)  -  -  -  (354,701)  Third party services  (118,562)  (24,863)  (405,854)  (1,493)  (66,426)  (11,633)  (32,025)  66,426  36,389  (558,041)  Depreciation and amortization  (583,958)  (11,812)  (374,851)  (75)  (147,190)  (31,452)  (2,345)  107,497  34,273  (1,009,913)  Provision (reversal) for litigations  (53,216)  (24,529)  (55,118)  (62)  336  (85)  (17,259)  (336)  -  (150,269)  Impairment of assets  48,111  -  -  -  54,945  -  -  (54,945)  -  48,111  Other estimated losses, provisions and reversals  (5,872)  (4,149)  (88,159)  (839)  (18,088)  (238)  -  18,088  -  (99,257)  Construction cost  -  (255,578)  (1,154,488)  -  -  (7,438)  -  -  -  (1,417,504)  Other operating costs and expenses, net  (143,140)  (19,771)  (170,670)  (3,668)  (91,862)  (5,707)  (24,731)  65,685  24,710  (369,154)  EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF INVESTEES  9,629  176,848  -  (93)  -  -  7,163  -  -  193,547  PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE FINANCIAL  INCOME AND TAX  1,692,199  826,095  1,688,478  158,511  22,961  82,711  (99,896)  (152,064)  34,271  4,253,266  Financial income  121,129  21,977  1,334,983  11,469  24,968  13,599  340,404  (24,939)  (3,922)  1,839,668  Financial expenses  (408,795)  (97,417)  (291,002)  (96)  (58,317)  (14,363)  (165,647)  58,317  3,923  (973,397)  OPERATING PROFIT (LOSS)  1,404,533  750,655  2,732,459  169,884  (10,388)  81,947  74,861  (118,686)  34,272  5,119,537  Income tax and social contribution  (337,564)  (149,962)  (878,278)  (57,947)  2,357  (22,967)  125,293  43,108  (9,405)  (1,285,365)  NET INCOME (LOSS) - CONTINUING OPERATIONS  1,066,969  600,693  1,854,181  111,937  (8,031)  58,980  200,154  (75,578)  24,867  3,834,172  Result of discontinued operations  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  75,578  -  75,578  NET INCOME (LOSS)  1,066,969  600,693  1,854,181  111,937  (8,031)  58,980  200,154  -  24,867  3,909,750   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) TEL segment discontinued in 2021; reclassifications arising from the divestment process of Copel Telecomunicações (Note 39).

## 33.5 Additions to noncurrent assets by reportable segment

| Electric Energy  GAS  Holding and Services  Total  12.31.2022  GET  DIS  COM  Contract assets  -  1,848,201  -  13,955  -  1,862,156  Property, plant and equipment  480,852  -  290  -  4,479  485,621  Intangible assets  4,368  -  2,318  -  1,633  8,319  Right-of-use asset  17,020  91,584  227  5,408  2,756  116,995   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Electric Energy  TEL (a)  GAS  Holding and Services  Total  12.31.2021  GET  DIS  COM  Contract assets  -  1,604,400  -  -  14,269  -  1,618,669  Property, plant and equipment  497,773  -  126  59,292  -  2,012  559,203  Intangible assets  5,607  -  2,300  179  -  2,289  10,375  Right-of-use asset  37,987  40,469  1,536  11,406  3,243  3,624  98,265   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) TEL segment discontinued in 2021, after the divestment process of Copel Telecomunicações (Note 39).

## 34. Financial Instruments

## 34.1 Categories and determination of fair value of financial instruments

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Note  Level  Book value  Fair value  Book value  Fair value  Financial assets  Fair value through profit or loss  Cash and cash equivalents (a)  5  1  2,678,457  2,678,457  3,472,845  3,472,845  Bonds and securities (b)  6  1  -  -  14,571  14,571  Bonds and securities (b)  6  2  431,056  431,056  346,487  346,487  Accounts receivable - distribution concession (c)  9.1 and 9.2  3  1,442,819  1,442,819  1,433,734  1,433,734  Accounts receivable - generation concession (c)  9.4  3  68,642  68,642  102,220  102,220  Derivatives fair value - forward contracts (d)  11  3  -  -  2,907  2,907  Fair value in the purchase and sale of power (d)  11  3  1,081,758  1,081,758  855,775  855,775  Other temporary investments (e)  1  15,372  15,372  14,072  14,072  Other temporary investments (e)  2  10,247  10,247  5,913  5,913  5,728,351  5,728,351  6,248,524  6,248,524  Amortized cost  Collaterals and escrow accounts (a)  157  157  182  182  Collateral and escrow deposits - STN  -  -  142,764  115,643  Trade accounts receivable (a)  7  3,451,869  3,451,869  4,515,426  4,515,426  Sectorial financial assets (a)  8  381,398  381,398  767,480  767,480  Accounts receivable - concessions - bonus from  the grant (g)  9.3  766,832  866,653  730,851  828,673  4,600,256  4,700,077  6,156,703  6,227,404  Fair value through other comprehensive income  Certified Emission Reductions - CERs (j)  29.4  10,295  10,295  -  -  10,295  10,295  -  -  Total financial assets  10,338,902  10,438,723  12,405,227  12,475,928  Financial liabilities  Fair value through profit or loss  Fair value in the purchase and sale of power (d)  27  3  738,703  738,703  545,468  545,468  738,703  738,703  545,468  545,468  Amortized cost  Sectorial financial liabilities (a)  8  483,255  483,255  293,179  293,179  ICMS installment payment (f)  12.2.4  48,320  43,419  -  -  Special Tax Regularization Program - Pert (f)  12.2  404,075  340,025  421,694  361,080  PIS and Cofins to be refunded to consumers (a)  12.2.1  1,995,158  1,995,158  3,326,795  3,326,795  Accounts payable to suppliers (a)  19  2,215,470  2,215,470  2,710,984  2,710,984  Loans and financing (f)  20  4,694,957  4,171,789  3,738,269  3,313,645  Debentures (h)  21  7,887,077  7,688,396  8,240,769  8,240,769  Accounts payable related to concession (i)  25  937,542  1,051,710  903,959  1,009,867  18,665,854  17,989,222  19,635,649  19,256,319  Total financial liabilities  19,404,557  18,727,925  20,181,117  19,801,787   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Different levels are defined as follows:

Level 1 : Obtained from quoted prices (not adjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;

Level 2: obtained through other variables in addition to quoted prices included in Level 1, which are observable for the assets or liabilities;

Level 3: obtained through assessment techniques which include variables for the assets or liabilities, which however are not based on observable market data.

## Determining fair values

a) Equivalent to their respective book values due to their nature and terms of realization.

b) Fair value is calculated based on information made available by the financial agents and the market values of the bonds issued by the Brazilian government c) Financial assets with fair values   similar to book values   (Note 4.4).

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

- d) The fair values of assets and liabilities are equivalent to their book values (Note 4.15).
- e) Investments in other companies, stated at fair value, which is calculated according to the price quotations published in an active market, for assets classified as level 1 and determined in view of the comparative assessment model for assets classified as level 2.
- f) The cost of the highest value of the last funding carried out by the Company, CDI + spread of 1.22%, is used as a basic assumption for the discount of the expected payment flows.
- g) Receivables  related  to  the  concession  agreement  for  providing  electricity  generation  services  under  quota  arrangements,  having  their  fair  value  calculated  by expected cash inflows, discounted at the rate established by Aneel auction notice 12/2015 (9.04%).
- h) Calculated according to the quotation of the last trade in the secondary market through the average price of the Unit Price - PU on December 31, 2022, obtained from the Brazilian Association of Financial and Capital Market Entities - Anbima.
- i) The actual pre-tax discount rate of 8.65% p.a. was used, compatible with the rate estimated by the Company for long-term projects.
- j) Financial assets with fair values   similar to book values   (Note 4.2).

## 34.2 Financial risk management

The Company's business activities are exposed to the following risks arising from financial instruments:

## 34.2.1 Credit risk

Credit  risk  is  the  risk  of  the  Company  incurring  losses  due  to  a  customer  or  counterparty  in  a  financial  instrument,  resulting  from  failure  in  complying  with  their contractual obligations.

| Exposure to credit risk  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Cash and cash equivalents (a)  2,678,457  3,472,845  Bonds and securities (a)  431,056  361,058  Pledges and restricted deposits linked (a)  157  142,946  Trade accounts receivable (b)  3,451,869  4,515,426  Sectorial financial assets (c)  381,398  767,480  Accounts receivable - distribution concession (c)  1,442,819  1,433,734  Accounts receivable - concessions - bonus from the grant (d)  766,832  730,851  Accounts receivable - generation concessions (e)  68,642  102,220  Other temporary investments (f)  25,619  19,985  9,246,849  11,546,545   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

a) The Company manages the credit risk of its assets in accordance with the Management's policy of investing virtually all of its funds in federal banking institutions. As a result of legal and/or regulatory requirements, in exceptional circumstances the Company may invest funds in prime private banks.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

- b) Risk of losses resulting from difficulties to receive amounts billed to customers related to internal and external factors. To mitigate this type of risk, the Company manages its accounts receivable, detecting the classes of consumers most likely to default, implementing specific collection policies and suspending the supply and/or recording of energy and the provision of service, as established in contract and regulatory standards.
- c) Management considers the risk of this credit  to  be  reduced,  since  the  agreements  signed  guarantee  the  unconditional  right  to  receive  cash  at  the  end  of  the concession to be paid by the Granting Authority, corresponding to the costs and investments not recovered through the tariff.
- d) Management considers the risk of such credit to be low, as the contract for the sale of energy by quotas guarantees the receipt of an Annual Generation Revenue RAG, which includes the annual amortization of this amount during the concession term.
- e) For  the  generation  concession  assets,  Aneel  published  Normative  Resolution  596/2013,  which  deals  with  the  definition  of  criteria  for  calculating  the  New replacement  value  (Valor  novo  de  reposição  -  VNR),  for  the  purposes  of  indemnification.  In  July  2021,  Normative  Resolution  No.  942/2021  was  published, regulating the calculation of these amounts through the presentation of appraisal reports to be prepared by accredited companies. In August 2022, Copel filed with Aneel the assessment reports related to the residual values, with a base date of July 2015, for the HPP Governador Parigot de Souza - GPS and HPP Mourão MOU, which are awaiting inspection and subsequent validation by the regulatory agency. Management's expectation of indemnification for these assets supports recoverability of the balances recorded.
- f) Risk arising from the possibility of the Company incurring losses due to stock market volatility. This type of risk involves external factors and is being managed through periodic assessments of the variations in the market.

## 34.2.2 Liquidity risk

The liquidity risk of the Company consists of the possibility of having insufficient funds, cash or other financial assets, to settle obligations on their scheduled maturity dates.

The Company manages liquidity risk by relying on a set of methodologies, procedures and instruments applied to secure ongoing control over financial processes to ensure proper management of risks.

Investments are financed by incurring medium and long-term debt with financial institutions and capital markets.

Short,  medium  and  long-term  business  projections  are  made  and  submitted  to  Management  bodies  for  evaluation.  The  budget  for  the  next  fiscal  year  is  annually approved.

Medium and long-term business projections cover monthly periods over the next five years. Short-term projections consider daily periods covering only the next 90 days.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The Company permanently monitors the volume of funds to  be  settled  by  controlling  cash  flows  to  reduce  funding  costs,  the  risk  involved  in  the  renewal  of  loan agreements and compliance with the financial investment policy, while concurrently keeping minimum cash levels.

The following  table  shows  the  expected  undiscounted  settlement  amounts  in  each  time  range.  Projections  were  based  on  financial  indicators  linked  to  the  related financial  instruments  and  forecast  according  to  average  market  expectations  as  disclosed  in  the  Central  Bank  of  Brazil  Focus  Report,  which  provides  the  average expectations of market analysts for these indicators for the current year and for the next 3 years. From 2027 on, the 2026 indicators are repeated throughout the forecast period.

| Less than  1 to 3  3 months  1 to 5  Over  Interest (a)  1 month  months  to 1 year  years  5 years  Total  12.31.2022  Loans and financing  Note 20  39,138  176,621  474,493  3,593,649  2,481,487  6,765,388  Debentures  Note 21  95,407  42,366  1,928,303  6,695,007  2,333,033  11,094,116  Accounts payable related  Rate of return +  to concession  IGP-M and IPCA  9,674  19,371  87,865  508,869  2,258,292  2,884,071  Accounts payable to suppliers  -  1,919,501  206,735  23,031  66,203  -  2,215,470  PIS and Cofins to be refunded  to consumers  Note 12.2.1  -  -  387,721  1,365,327  357,912  2,110,960  Special Tax Regularization Program - Pert  Selic  4,776  9,665  45,279  282,820  170,426  512,966  ICMS installment payment  Selic  874  1,767  8,259  46,722  -  57,622  Sectorial financial liabilities  Selic  36,543  74,240  353,022  59,037  -  522,842  Lease liability  Note 26  8,146  15,893  67,566  174,725  364,729  631,059  2,114,059  546,658  3,375,539  12,792,359  7,965,879  26,794,494   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Effective interest rate - weighted average.

As disclosed in Notes 20.4 and 21.3, the Company has loans and financing agreements and debentures with covenants that if breached may have their payment accelerated.

## 34.2.3 Market risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value or the future cash flows of a financial instrument shall oscillate due to changes in market prices, such as currency rates, interest rates and stock price. The purpose of managing this risk is to control exposures within acceptable limits, while optimizing return.

## a) Foreign currency risk (US Dollar)

This  risk  comprises  the  possibility  of  losses  due  to  fluctuations  in  foreign  exchange  rates,  which  may  reduce  assets  or  increase  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign currencies.

The effect of the exchange rate variation resulting from the power purchase agreement with Itaipu is transferred to customers in Copel DIS's next tariff adjustment.

The exchange rate risk posed by the purchase of gas arises from the possibility of Compagas reporting losses on the fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, increasing the amount in Reais of the accounts payable related to the gas acquired from Petrobras. This risk is mitigated by the monitoring and transfer of the price fluctuation through tariff, when possible. The Company monitors these fluctuations on an ongoing basis.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## Sensitivity analysis of foreign currency risk

The Company has developed a sensitivity analysis to measure the impact of the devaluation of the US dollar on its financial liabilities subject to currency risk.

The valuation of the financial instruments considers the possible effects on profit and loss and equity of the risks evaluated by the Company's Management on the reporting date for the financial instruments, as recommended by IFRS 7 - Financial Instruments: Disclosure. Based on the equity position and the notional value of the financial instruments outstanding at the date of these financial statements, it is estimated that these effects will approximate the amounts stated in the above table in the column for the forecast probable scenario, since the assumptions used by the Company are similar to those previously described.

For the baseline scenario, the accounting balances recorded on the date of these financial statements were considered and for the probable scenario, the Company considers the balance updated with the exchange rate variation - prevailing at the end of the period (R$/US$5.25) based on the median market expectation for 2023 according to the Central Bank of Brazil Focus Report. Additionally, the Company continues to monitor scenarios 1 and 2, which consider a deterioration of 25% and 50%, respectively, in the main risk factor of the financial instrument in relation to the level used in the probable scenario, because of extraordinary events that may affect the economic scenario.

| .  Baseline  Projected scenarios  Foreign exchange risk  Risk  12.31.2022  Probable  Scenario 1  Scenario 2  .  Financial liabilities  Suppliers  Itaipu  USD appreciation  (284,930)  (1,764)  (73,437)  (145,111)  Acquisition of gas  USD appreciation  (93,696)  (580)  (24,149)  (47,718)  (378,626)  (2,344)  (97,586)  (192,829)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Interest rate and monetary variation risk

This risk comprises the possibility of losses due to fluctuations in interest rates or other indicators, which may reduce financial income or increase financial expenses related to the assets and liabilities raised in the market.

The Company has not entered derivative contracts to cover this risk but has been continuously monitoring interest rates and market indexes to observe any need for contracting.

## Sensitivity analysis of interest rate and monetary variation risk

The Company has developed a sensitivity analysis to measure the impact of variable interest rates and monetary variations on its financial assets and liabilities subject to these risks.

The valuation of the financial instruments considers the possible effects on profit and loss and equity of the risks evaluated by the Company's Management on the reporting date for the financial instruments, as recommended by IFRS 7 - Financial Instruments: Disclosure. Based on the equity position and the notional value of the financial instruments outstanding at the date of these financial statements, it is estimated that these effects will approximate the amounts stated in the above table in the column for the forecast probable scenario, since the assumptions used by the Company are similar to those previously described.

For the baseline scenario, the accounting balances recorded on the date of these financial statements were considered and for the probable scenario, the Company considers the balances updated with the variation of the indicators (CDI/Selic - 12.50%, IPCA - 5.78%, IGP-M - 4.60% and TJLP - 7.05%) estimated as market average projections for 2023 according to the Central Bank of Brazil Focus Report, except TJLP that considers the Company's internal projection. Additionally, the Company continues to monitor scenarios 1 and 2, which consider a deterioration of 25% and 50%, respectively, in the main risk factor of the financial instrument in relation to the level used in the probable scenario, because of extraordinary events that may affect the economic scenario.

| .  Baseline  Projected scenarios  Interest rate risk and monetary variation  Risk  12.31.2022  Probable  Scenario 1  Scenario 2  .  Financial assets  Bonds and securities  Low CDI/SELIC  431,056  53,883  40,433  26,942  Collaterals and escrow accounts  Low CDI/SELIC  157  19  14  10  Sectorial financial assets  Low Selic  381,398  47,675  35,756  23,837  Accounts receivable - concessions  Low IPCA  2,209,651  127,718  95,788  63,859  Accounts receivable - generation concessions  Undefined (a)  68,642  -  -  -  3,090,904  229,295  171,991  114,648  Financial liabilities  Loans and financing  Banco do Brasil  High CDI  (751,673)  (93,959)  (117,449)  (140,939)  Banco Itaú  High CDI  (1,037,946)  (129,743)  (162,179)  (194,615)  BNDES  High TJLP  (1,712,943)  (120,787)  (150,983)  (181,180)  BNDES  High IPCA  (389,801)  (22,530)  (28,163)  (33,796)  Banco do Nordeste  High IPCA  (718,835)  (41,549)  (51,936)  (62,323)  Banco do Brasil - BNDES Transfer  High TJLP  (60,720)  (4,282)  (5,352)  (6,422)  Other  No risk  (23,039)  -  -  -  Debentures  High CDI/SELIC  (4,953,884)  (619,235)  (774,044)  (928,853)  Debentures  High IPCA  (2,841,725)  (164,252)  (205,315)  (246,378)  Debentures  High TJLP  (91,468)  (6,450)  (8,062)  (9,675)  Sectorial financial liabilities  High Selic  (483,255)  (60,407)  (75,509)  (90,610)  ICMS installment payment  High Selic  (48,320)  (6,040)  (7,550)  (9,060)  Special Tax Regularization Program - Pert  High Selic  (404,075)  (50,509)  (63,137)  (75,764)  Accounts payable related to concession  High IGP-M  (874,187)  (40,213)  (50,266)  (60,319)  Accounts payable related to concession  High IPCA  (63,355)  (3,662)  (4,577)  (5,493)  .  (14,455,226)  (1,363,618)  (1,704,522)  (2,045,427)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Risk assessment still requires ruling by the Concession grantor.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 34.2.4 Electricity shortage risk

Most of the installed capacity in Brazil currently comes from hydroelectric generation, which makes Brazil and the geographic region in which we operate subject to unpredictable hydrological conditions, due to non-cyclical deviations of mean precipitation. Unsatisfactory hydrological conditions may cause, among other things, the implementation of comprehensive programs of electricity savings, such as rationalization or even a mandatory reduction of consumption, which is the case of rationing.

Between September 2020 and August 2021, the National Interconnected System - SIN presented the worst record of Affluent Natural Energies in the aggregate of its uses. The Brazilian Ministry of Mines and Energy and other sector bodies worked to maximize the thermoelectric dispatch out of the cost merit order, as well as the easing of restrictions on the system's hydroelectric operation. Additionally, considering the strong wind generation in the Northeast, biomass generation in the Southeast and the rainy season with affluent natural energies that raised the reservoirs to comfortable values, it is estimated that the risk of energy shortages in 2023 and 2024 is minimized.

The energy supply guarantee criteria are currently established by the National Energy Policy Council - CNPE through Resolution 29/2019. With reason, the responsible bodies keep the energy deficit risk indicators within the safety margin in all subsystems.

## 34.2.5 Risk of Generation Scaling Factor - GSF impacts

The  Energy  Reallocation  Mechanism  -  MRE  is  a  system  of  redistribution  of  electric  power  generated,  characteristic  of  the  Brazilian  electric  sector,  which  has  its existence by the understanding, at the time, that there is a need for a centralized operation associated with a centrally calculated optimal price known as PLD. Since generators have no control over their production, each plant receives a certain amount of virtual energy which can be compromised through contracts. This value, which enables the registration of bilateral contracts, is known as assured energy (GF) and is also calculated centrally. Unlike PLD, which is calculated on a weekly basis, GF, as required by Law, is recalculated every five years, with a limit of increase or decrease, restricted to 5% by revision or 10% in the concession period.

The contracts need to have guarantee. This is done, especially, through the allocation of power generated received from the MRE or purchase. The GSF is the ratio of the entire hydroelectric generation of the MRE participants to the GF sum of all the MRE plants. Basically, the GSF is used to calculate how much each plant will receive from generation to back up its GF. Thus, knowing the GSF of a given month the company will be able to know if it will need to back up its contracts through purchases.

Whenever GSF multiplied by GF is less than the sum of contracts, the company will need to buy the difference in the spot market. However, whenever GSF multiplied by GF is greater than the total contracts, the company will receive the difference to the PLD.

The low inflows that have been recorded since 2014, as well as problems with delays in the expansion of the transmission system have resulted in low GSF values, resulting in heavy losses for the companies holding hydroelectric projects participating in the MRE.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

For plants with contracts in the Free Contracting Environment - ACL, the main way to manage the low GSF risk is not to compromise the entire GF with contracts, as well as the timely repurchase of intra-annual energy approaches currently adopted by the Company.

For the contracts in the Regulated Contracting Environment - ACR, Law 13,203/2015 allowed the generators to contract insurance for electricity demand (load), by means of payment of a risk premium. Copel adopted this approach to protect contracts related to energy generated by the HPP Mauá, HPP Baixo Iguaçu, HPP Colíder and SHP Cavernoso II.

For the distribution segment, the effects of the GSF are perceived in the costs associated with quotas of Itaipu, of Angra, of the plants whose concessions were renewed in accordance with Law 12,783/2013 and the plants that renegotiated the hydrological risk in the ACR, in accordance with Law 13,203/2015. This is a financial risk, since there is guarantee of neutrality of expenses with energy purchases through a tariff transfer.

It should be noted that, at least conjuncturally, the GSF risks are greatly reduced due to the improvement in the hydrological scenario in 2022 concomitant with the low load growth.

## 34.2.6 Risk of non-renewal of concessions - generation and transmission

The extension of energy generation and transmission concessions, achieved by Law No. 9,074/1995, is regulated by Law No. 12,783/2013, which was amended by Law No. 14,052/2020, with regard to the deadline for requesting the extension of concessions.

According to the mentioned law, the concession operator should request extension of concession at least 36 months before the end date of the contract or act of granting  for  hydroelectric  power  plants  and  electric  power  transmission  enterprises,  and  24  months  before  the  end  date  of  the  contract  or  act  of  granting  for thermoelectric plants. The Granting Authority may advance effects of extension by up to 60 months counted as of contract or grant date and may also define initial tariff or revenue, which includes the definition of the tariff or initial revenues for the generation and transmission ventures (RAG - Annual Generation Revenue and RAP Permitted Annual Revenue, respectively).

Concessions for hydroelectric power generation and electric power transmission may be extended, at the discretion of the Granting Authority, only once, for a period of up to 30 years. Thermoelectric power generation concessions have an extension term limited to 20 years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

In  2018,  Decree  No.  9.271/2018  was  published,  amended  by  Decrees  No.  10.135/2019,  No.  10.893/2021  and  No.  11.307/2022,  which  regulated  the  granting  of concession contracts in the electricity sector associated with privatization through sale of control by holder of a public service concession for electricity generation, having as one of the conditioning factors the alteration of the exploration regime to Independent Power Producer (IPP). According to the Decree, the manifestation of sale of the concession must take place within up to 42 months from the date of the related formal agreement, and any sale must take place within up to 12 months from the concession end date. If sale of control of the venture does not occur within the specified period, the plant must be subject to auction by the Granting Authority and the same concessionaire can participate in the auction, if it meets the qualification conditions.

Some of the generation projects  of  Copel  had  their  concession  period  extended  due  to  the  effects  of  the  GSF  renegotiation,  which  established  the  compensation through an extension of the concession period of the plants contemplated by Law No. 13,203/2015, resulting in the approval of the extension period of the concession of these plants through of Ratifying Resolutions No. 2,919/2021 and No. 2,932/2021.

For HPP Governador Bento Munhoz da Rocha Netto - GBM (1,676 MW), whose concession will end in 2024, the Company has not expressed any interest in extending the  concession,  as  internal  studies  have  shown  that  the  extension  through  early  change  of  the  exploration  regime  would  be  economically  and  financially disadvantageous in relation to exploration of the plant under the current regime until concession end. On March 3, 2020, Copel GeT transferred the concession of HPP GBM to the subsidiary F.D.A. Geração de Energia Elétrica S.A. with the purpose of divesting the control of this concessionaire and, thus, allow a new concession grant for 30 years, as provided for in Decree No. 9.271/2018. The process of transforming Copel into a 'Corporation' is underway, as described in Note 1, which will allow the Company to maintain 100% interest in the plant.

With respect to HPP São Jorge, whose concession ends in 2026, Copel did not express interest in the renewal and intends, at the end of the concession, to request Aneel to convert the granting of concession into granting of registration.

Regarding TPP Figueira concession, which expired in March 2019, the Company awaits the conclusion of the process, which is in progress at Aneel and MME. The plant went through a modernization process that provided direct benefits such as improved energy efficiency and reduced emissions of pollutants in the atmosphere, compared to the old plant. The plant was released for commercial operation on December 7, 2022, through Order No. 3,502/2022.

According to the Law No. 14,052/2020, the Company may express its intention to extend the concession of the HPP Apucaraninha until January 2024, and the HPP Guaricana and HPP Chaminé until July and August 2025, respectively. If the Company does not express an interest in the extension of the current regime at its final term, be granted to the Company in the condition of registration, and the other concessions, at their final term, must be returned to the Granting Authority.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

Regarding the transmission segment, the only Copel GeT concession to expire in the next ten years is the Concession Contract No. 75/2001, referring to Transmission Line Bateias-Jaguariaíva 230 kV, which will expire on August 17, 2031.

Additionally, regarding the extension of transmission concession contracts, on December 29, 2022 Decree No. 11,314 was published, determining that the extension of transmission concessions may be carried out only when the bidding process is unfeasible or results in damage to the public interest and will be carried out without the advance  indemnity  of  the  assets  linked  to  the  provision  of  the  service,  conditioned  to  the  acceptance  by  the  concessionaire  in  relation  to  the  revenue  and  other conditions of the amendment to be prepared by Aneel.

## 34.2.7 Risk on non-renewal of concessions - distributions of electricity

The fifth amendment to Copel DIS concession contract No. 46/1999 imposes economic and financial efficiency covenants and indicators that consider the duration and frequency of service interruptions (DECi and FECi). Failure to comply with the conditions will result in termination of the concession (clause eighteen, subclause one), with due regard for the provisions of the contract, particularly the right to full defense and adversary system.

On November 17, 2020, Aneel approved Normative Resolution No. 896, consolidated by Normative Resolution No. 948/2021, which establishes the indicators and procedures for monitoring efficiency in relation to the continuity of supply and the economic-financial management of public electricity distribution service concessions from the year 2021.

According to Aneel Technical Note No. 068/2021 and Authorizing Resolution No. 10,231/2021, as of 2022 the quality targets will become the indicators DEC (System Average Interruption Duration Index) and FEC (Customer Average Interruption Duration Index).

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## Indicators and penalties

| Year  Indicator  Criteria  Penalties  From 2021  Economic - financial efficiency  in the base year  Capital Increase (a)  Limitation on distribution of dividends and interest on capital  Restrictive regime for contracts with related parties  2 consecutive years  Concession termination  Quality Indicators  in the base year  Results plan  2 consecutive years  Limitation on distribution of dividends and interest on capital  3 consecutive years  Concession termination   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Within 180 days from the end of each fiscal year, in the totality of the insufficiency that occurs to reach the Minimum Economic and Financial Sustainability Parameter.

## Targets set for Copel Distribuição as of 2021

| Quality - limits  Quality - performed  Year  Economic and Financial Management  Realized  DECi  FECi  DECi  FECi  2021  {Net Debt / [EBITDA (-) QRR ≥ 0]} ≤ 1 / (1,11 * Selic)  Achieved  9.29  6.84  7.20  4.76  Year  Economic and Financial Management  Realized  DEC  FEC  DEC  FEC  2022  {Net Debt / [EBITDA (-) QRR ≥ 0]} ≤ 1 / (1,11 * Selic)  -  9.19  6.80  7.98  5.29   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Net Debt: Gross Debt deducted from Financial Assets, with the exception of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities in administrative or judicial discussion. The accounts that make up the Gross Debt and Financial Assets are defined in the attachment VIII to Aneel Resolution No 948/2021.

QRR: Regulatory Reinstatement Share or Regulatory Depreciation Expense. This value will be the one defined in the last Periodic Tariff Review, updated by the variation of the Regulatory Portion B and calculated on a pro rata basis.

Recurring EBITDA: Earnings Before Interest (Financial Result), Taxes (Income Taxes), Depreciation and Amortization.

The Company monitors concession indicators in order to anticipate actions that ensure efficiency gains and compliance with regulatory requirements and the result is disclosed in the Regulatory Financial Statements.

## 34.2.8 Risk of non-extension of the gas distribution concession

Upon termination of the concession by the end of the contractual term, the assets linked to the gas distribution services will revert to the Granting Authority, the State of Paraná, and the Company will be compensated for the assets related to the concession that have not yet been amortized, evaluated at their book value monetarily restated up to that date.

## 34.2.9 Risk of overcontracting and undercontracting of electricity

Under the current  regulatory  model,  the  agreement  for  purchase  of  electric  power  by  distributors  is  regulated  by  Law  10,484/2014  and  Decree  5,163/2004,  which determine that the purchase of energy must be in the volume necessary to serve 100% of the distributor market.

The difference between the costs remunerated by the tariff and those actually incurred in the power purchases are fully passed on to captive consumers, as long as the distributor presents a contracting level between 100% and 105% of its market. plus the amounts of involuntary overcontracting recognized by the regulator.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

Copel DIS estimates that it will end the year with a contracting level of 111.4%, however, it considers that it has sufficient amounts of "involuntary over-contracting" to accommodate the estimated contracting for the year. Thus, there is no risk of penalization for over-contracting.

## 34.2.10 Gas shortage risk

The natural gas market in Paraná, made up of Compagas consumers (non-thermoelectric market) and the Araucária Thermoelectric Power Plant (UEG Araucária), is supplied by contracts with Petrobras that use the transport infrastructure of the Brazil-Bolivia gas pipeline (Gasbol). Compagas signed a contract with Petrobras for the supply of natural gas, effective from 2022 to 2025, which will make it possible to meet the demand that was not contracted for 2022, as well as part of the estimated demand between 2023 and 2025. UEG Araucária, meanwhile, negotiates and signs short-term natural gas contracts as a result of its merchant operation regime.

In the current situation of the natural gas sector in Brazil, the Novo Mercado de Gás program, coordinated by the Ministry of Mines and Energy, aims to open the natural gas market to make it dynamic, competitive, integrated with the electrical and industrial sectors. The supply of natural gas is growing and coming from diverse sources, and the great challenge for the sector still focuses on enabling new producers and traders to access infrastructure and the consumer market, currently served mostly by Petrobras.  Finally,  the  new  gas  law,  Law  No.  14.134/2021,  represents  another  important  step  in  opening  up  the  Brazilian  gas  market,  in  order  to  make  it  more competitive and with greater potential for expansion.

A possible shortage in the supply of gas could result in losses for Copel due to a reduction in revenue from the natural gas distribution service by Compagas or penalties for non-compliance with the obligations contained in the concession contract. Furthermore, in this scenario, UEG Araucária would probably be kept out of operation. However, the Company considers this risk to be low in view of the situation of the Novo Mercado de Gás and the enactment of Law No. 14,134/2021.

## 34.2.11 Risk of non-performance of wind farms

The power generation purchase and sale contracts for wind power are subject to performance clauses, which provide for a minimum annual and four-year generation of the assured energy committed in the auction. Ventures are subject to climatic factors associated with wind velocity uncertainties. Non-compliance with what is stated in the agreement may jeopardize future revenues of the Company. The balance recorded in liabilities referring to the non-performance is demonstrated in note 27.

## 34.2.12 Risk related to price of power purchase and sale transactions

The Company operates in the electricity purchase and sale market to achieve results with variations in the price of electricity, respecting the risk limits pre-established by Management. This activity, therefore, exposes the Company to the risk by the volatility of future electricity prices.

Future electricity purchase and sale transactions are recognized at fair value through profit or loss, according to Note 4.15.1, based on the difference between the contracted price and the market price of operations on the balance sheet date.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The table below shows the notional values of the electricity commercialization contracts on the date of these financial statements, which have an average maturity of 139 months for purchase contracts and 25 months for sales contracts:

| .  Purchase  Sale  2023  606,571  645,966  2024  752,615  810,145  2025  742,114  794,957  2026  738,024  734,063  2027  673,274  620,858  2028 to 2040  4,130,827  4,577,941  7,643,425  8,183,930   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value was estimated using the prices defined internally by the Company, which represented the best estimate of the future market price. The discount rate used is based on the NTN-B rate of return disclosed by Anbima on December 31, 2022, without inflation, adjusted for credit risk and additional project risk.

The balances referring to these outstanding transactions at the date of these financial statements are stated below.

| Assets  Liabilities  Net  Current  288,419  (244,064)  44,355  Noncurrent  793,339  (494,639)  298,700  1,081,758  (738,703)  343,055   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity analysis of energy purchase and sale operations

The Company developed a sensitivity analysis to measure the impact of changes in future prices. For the base scenario, the accounting balances recorded on the date of these financial statements were considered and for the probable scenario, the Company considers the balances updated with the market price curve and NTN-B rate on  December  31,  2022.  Additionally,  the  Company  continues  to  monitor  scenarios  1  and  2,  which  consider  the  25%  and  50%  rise  or  fall  applied  to  future  prices considered in the probable scenario, because of extraordinary events that may affect the economic scenario.

| Price  Baseline  Projected scenarios  variation  12.31.2022  Probable  Scenario 1  Scenario 2  Unrealized gains (losses) on energy purchase and sale operations  Increase  343,055  343,055  369,579  396,104  Decrease  343,055  343,055  316,528  290,003   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34.2.13 Counterparty risk in the energy market

Since free energy market still does not have a counterparty acting as guarantor of all agreements (clearing house), there is a bilateral risk of default. Thus, the Company is exposed to the risk of failure in the supply of energy contracted by the buyer/seller. In the event of such failure, the Company is obliged to sell/acquire energy at the spot market price, being further subject to regulatory penalties and loss of amounts paid.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

The Company follows a policy that establishes limits for possible operations with each counterparty, after analyzing its credit worthiness, maturity and history.

In addition, even if our policy is more restrictive and the counterparties present good financial condition, the Company is exposed to systemic events in which the default of one agent ends up affecting other energy trading companies in a "domino effect" until reaching the Company's counterparties.

## 34.3 Capital management

The  Company  seeks  to  keep  a  strong  capital  base  to  maintain  the  trust  of  investors,  creditors  and  market  and  ensure  the  future  development  of  the  business. Management also strives to maintain a balance between the highest possible returns with more adequate levels of borrowings and the advantages and the assurance afforded by a healthy capital position. Thus, it maximizes the return for all stakeholders in its operations, optimizing the balance of debts and equity.

The Company monitors capital by using an index represented by adjusted consolidated net debt divided by adjusted consolidated EBITDA (Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), for the last twelve months. The corporate limit established in the debt deeds provides for the annual maintenance of the index below 3.5, and the eventual expectation of non-compliance of that indicator gives rise to actions by the Management to correct the course of the calculations until the end of each year.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ratio attained is shown below:

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Loans and financing  4,650,363  3,678,444  Debentures  7,803,855  8,147,617  (-) Cash and cash equivalents  (2,678,457)  (3,472,845)  (-) Bonds and securities (current)  (93)  (16,121)  (-) Bonds and securities (noncurrent) - debt contract guarantees  (290,602)  (237,183)  (-) Collaterals and escrow accounts STN  -  (142,764)  Adjusted net debt  9,485,066  7,957,148  Net income from continuing operations  1,149,321  3,859,045  Equity in earnings of investees  (478,577)  (366,314)  Deferred IRPJ and CSLL  (628,389)  790,406  Provision for IRPJ and CSLL  429,267  469,226  Financial expenses (income), net  1,966,037  327,361  Depreciation and amortization  1,300,982  1,082,539  Hydrological Risk Renegotiation - GSF  -  (1,570,543)  Provision for allocation of PIS and Cofins credits  810,563  -  (-/+) Impairment  84,387  (134,854)  Ebitda from discontinued operations  -  1,872,381  Adjusted ebitda  4,633,591  6,329,247  Adjusted net debt/Adjusted ebitda  2.05  1.26   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 34.3.1 Debt to equity ratio:

| Indebtedness  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Loans and financing  4,694,957  3,738,269  Debentures  7,887,077  8,240,769  (-) Cash and cash equivalents  (2,678,457)  (3,472,845)  (-) Bonds and securities  (431,056)  (361,058)  Net debt  9,472,521  8,145,135  Equity  21,131,225  22,175,235  Debt to equity ratio  0.45  0.37   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35. Related Party Transactions

| Assets  Liabilities  Revenue  Cost / Expense  Related parties / Nature of operation  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Controlling shareholder  State of Paraná -  dividends payable  -  -  109,777  916,379  -  -  -  -  -  -  CRC Transfer (Note 32 - a)  -  -  -  -  -  253,990  341,964  -  -  -  Energia Solidária  Program (a)  9,735  5,590  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Tarifa Rural Noturna  Program (a)  8,353  10,378  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Employees transferred (b)  305  19  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Meteorological System of Paraná- Simepar (c)  -  -  298  938  -  -  -  (7,422)  (10,759)  (8,573)  Entities with significant influence (d)  BNDES and BNDESPAR -  dividends payable  -  -  76,684  733,939  -  -  -  -  -  -  Financing (Note 20)  -  -  2,097,606  2,216,516  -  -  -  (190,881)  (174,210)  (151,850)  Debentures - Compagás  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (312)  (1,681)  Debentures - wind farms (Note 21)  -  -  216,811  231,071  -  -  -  (28,085)  (32,249)  (25,891)  State of Paraná investee  Sanepar (e)  -  -  448  436  -  -  -  (7,599)  (8,252)  (6,589)  Use of water taken from plants' reservoirs  -  -  -  -  485  477  620  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Joint ventures  Voltalia São Miguel do Gostoso(f)  -  -  -  -  112  102  -  -  -  -  Dividends  1,032  1,032  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Caiuá Transmissora de Energia(g) (h) (i)  313  279  1,400  1,144  3,619  3,275  3,100  (19,760)  (17,439)  (16,267)  Dividends  5,486  2,150  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Integração Maranhense Transmissora (h) (i)  -  -  120  183  -  -  -  (2,671)  (2,294)  (2,029)  Dividends  6,885  2,274  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Matrinchã Transmissora de Energia (h) (i)  -  -  1,355  1,065  -  -  -  (16,038)  (13,442)  (11,259)  Dividends  41,577  10,091  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Guaraciaba Transmissora de Energia (h) (i)  -  -  671  489  -  -  -  (7,331)  (6,185)  (5,348)  Dividends  50,137  27,198  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Paranaíba Transmissora de Energia (h) (i)  -  -  869  726  -  -  -  (10,502)  (9,170)  (8,141)  Dividends  5,400  4,973  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Cantareira Transmissora de Energia (h) (i)  -  -  660  596  -  -  -  (8,184)  (6,569)  (5,912)  Dividends  9,254  6,718  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Mata de Santa Genebra Transmissão (h) (i) (j)  3,236  1,473  1,401  1,245  19,318  18,795  17,636  (17,427)  (12,390)  (7,636)  Dividends  13,333  13,614  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Associates  Dona Francisca Energética S.A. (k)  15  15  1,356  2,745  174  164  162  (16,089)  (16,239)  (17,078)  Dividends  852  86  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Foz do Chopim Energética Ltda. (l)  302  518  -  -  3,493  3,010  2,537  -  -  -  Key management staff  Fees and social security charges (Note 31.2)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (22,845)  (22,204)  (21,935)  Pension and healthcare plans (Note 22.3)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,384)  (1,422)  (1,116)  Other related parties  Fundação Copel  Administrative property rental  -  -  102,410  84,367  -  -  -  (10,713)  (6,827)  (1,159)  Pension and healthcare plans (Note 22.3)  -  -  1,070,037  1,295,174  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Lactec (m)  3  5  1,131  2,385  645  594  719  (5,050)  (4,002)  (2,702)  Tecpar (n)  -  -  -  -  2,021  2,014  777  -  -  -  Celepar (o)  -  -  -  -  719  -  -  (11)  (8)  (40)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

a) Energia Solidária Program, created by state law No. 20.943/2021, replacing the Luz Fraterna Program, establishes the payment of electricity consumption to benefit low-income families, residing in the State of Paraná, whose properties - consumer units - are used exclusively for residential purposes, whether in urban or rural areas, and fulfill the requirements established in articles 2 and 3 of this law.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

In March 2018, the amount of R$159,274 was settled. The principal interest, fine and monetary restatement totaled R$158,849. For these charges on electricity bills for the period of September 2010 to June 2015, a lawsuit was filed against the State of Paraná on November 5, 2018, relating to the payment of invoices under the State Law No. 14,087/2003. We highlight that despite the negotiations maintained by Management, seeking to settle this debt, uncertainties still exist regarding the realization of this asset and, therefore, this asset was not recognized, in compliance with the current accounting standards. For the tax treatment, as determined by the Brazilian Federal Revenue Office in the Normative Instruction No. 1,753/2017, the Company has taxed this revenue. Copel and the State of Paraná appealed the decision. The case is expected to be processed and sent to the Court of Justice of Paraná, for judgment at the appeal level. Management reinforces that it is making all necessary efforts and taking all appropriate measures to preserve the Company's interests.

Tarifa Rural Noturna Program,  regulated  by  Decree  No.  1,288/2019,  provides  for  the  payment  to  Copel  Distribuição,  by  the  State  Government,  of  the  amount corresponding  to  60%  of  the  active  electricity  tariff  and  of  the  charges  resulting  from  this  service,  including  the  additional  tariff  flag,  owned  by  the  beneficiary consumers, included in the denominated night period consumption, as specified in the decree.

- b) Reimbursement of wages and social charges for employees transferred to the Paraná State Government. Balances presented are net of expected credit loss.
- c) The Sistema Meteorológico do Paraná - Simepar is a supplementary unit of the Independent Social Service Paraná Technology, linked to the State Department of Science, Technology and Higher Education. Simepar has contracts with Copel for services of weather forecast, meteorological reports, ampacity analysis, mapping and analyses of winds and atmospheric discharges.
- d) BNDES is the parent  company  of  BNDES  Participações  S.A.  -  BNDESPAR,  which  owns  Copel  shares  (Note  29.1).  On  December  22,  2018,  the  shareholder agreement between the State of Paraná and BNDESPAR, signed on December 22, 1998, was ended. BNDES and BNDESPAR acquired all the debentures issued by the subsidiaries Nova Asa Branca I, Nova Asa Branca II, Nova Asa Branca III, Nova Eurus IV and Ventos de Santo Uriel.
- e) Basic sanitation provided by Sanepar.
- f) Contracts for connection to the transmission system signed by Copel GeT, Costa Oeste, Marumbi and Uirapuru, with maturities between 2031 and 2048.
- g) Operation and maintenance services agreement provided by Copel GeT, maturing on May 10, 2026. Transmission System Connection Agreement - CCT executed by Copel DIS, expiring by the end of the concession agreement of the distribution or transmission company, whichever takes place first.
- h) Charges for use of the transmission system due by Copel GeT, FDA, UEG Araucária and wind farms.

- i) Copel DIS maintains a Contract for the Use of Transmission System (Cust) with ONS and power transmission concession operators whose subject matter is the contracting of Transmission System Use Amount (Must). Contracting is permanent and is regulated by Aneel Normative Resolution 666/2015. Amounts are defined for four subsequent years, with annual reviews.
- j) Agreements entered by Copel GeT: for operation and maintenance services, maturing on February 1, 2028, and facility sharing, maturing on January 1, 2043.
- k) Connection to the transmission system contracts entered by Copel GeT, Costa Oeste, Marumbi and Uirapuru, maturing on between the years 2031 and 2048. Power purchase and sale agreement made by Copel GeT, maturing on March 31, 2025.
- l) Contracts entered into by Copel GeT: for operation and maintenance, maturing on May 23, 2025, and connection to the transmission system, maturing on January 1, 2043.
- m) The Institute of Technology for Development (Lactec) is a Public Interest Civil Society Organization (OSCIP), of which Copel is an associate. Lactec has service and R&amp;D contracts with Copel GeT, FDA. UEG Araucária and Copel DIS, which are subjected to prior or later control and approval by Aneel. Copel COM provides services and sells energy to the institute.
- n) Energy sale agreement signed between Copel COM and the Institute of Technology of Paraná - Tecpar (public company of the State Government that supports innovation and economic and social development in Paraná and Brazi)l.
- o) Energy sales and service agreements contracts entered with the Information Technology Company of Paraná - Celepar (mixed capital company that is part of the indirect administration of the Paraná State Government).

The relevant transactions with related parties are shown above. Transactions arising from operations in a regulated environment are billed according to the criteria and definitions established by the regulatory agents and other transactions are recorded according to the market prices practiced by the Company.

Copel's direct and indirect subsidiaries have short and long-term energy purchase and sale agreements entered with each other, carried out in accordance with the criteria and definitions of the regulated environment. Both the balances of existing transactions and the balances of commitments are eliminated from each other when preparing the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In addition, Copel GeT has energy purchase commitments with Dona Francisca in the amount of R$47,935 (R$63,899 on December 31, 2021), and Copel COM has energy sale commitments signed with agencies and / or entities related to the Paraná State Government, totaling R$25,050 (R$31,309 on December 31, 2021).

Regarding the compensation of key management personnel, the Company does not have additional obligations beyond the short-term benefits disclosed in the table above and in the notes referenced.

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 35.1 Guarantees awarded to related parties

Sureties and guarantees granted by Copel to its subsidiaries for financing and debentures are informed in Notes 20 and 21.

Copel provided financial guarantees, in the form of corporate guarantee letter, for power purchase and transport agreements made by Copel GeT and its subsidiaries, in the total amount of R$4,449 (R$4,339 on December 31, 2021) and made by Copel COM (Copel Mercado Livre), in the amount of R$329,725 (R$192,707 on December 31, 2021).

Sureties and guarantees granted by Copel and Copel GeT for financing, and debentures of joint ventures are reported below:

| Final  Amount  Balance (a)  Interest  Amount  Company  Operation  maturity  approved  %  guarantees  (1)  Caiuá Transmissora  Financing BNDES  02.15.2029  84,600  27,025  49.0  (b)  (2)  Cantareira Transmissora  Debentures  08.15.2032  100,000  90,896  49.0  (b)  (3)  Financing  09.15.2032  426,834  369,048  (b)  (4)  Guaraciaba Transmissora  Financing BNDES  01.15.2031  440,000  291,436  49.0  (b)  (5)  Debentures  12.15.2030  118,000  127,116  (b)  (6)  Matrinchã Transmissora  Financing BNDES  06.15.2029  691,440  314,749  49.0  (b)  (7)  Debentures (2)  06.15.2029  180,000  205,146  (b)  (8)  Debentures (3)  12.15.2038  135,000  150,774  (c)  (9)  IMTE Transmissora  Financing  02.12.2029  142,150  48,562  49.0  (b)  (10)  Mata de Santa Genebra  Debentures (2)  11.15.2030  210,000  1,651,487  50.1  827,395  (11)  Debentures (3)  11.15.2041  1,500,000  (12)  Paranaíba Transmissora  Financing  10.15.2030  606,241  410,534  24.5  (b)  (13)  Debentures  03.15.2028  120,000  91,172  (b)  827,395   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Gross debt balance, discounted from restricted cash that is already guaranteed by the companies themselves.

(b) For these contracts, the corporate guarantee and/or the letter of guarantee were exonerated, leaving only the pledge of Copel GeT shares.

(c) The guarantees to be provided in the 3rd issue will only be presented after the maturity of the Debentures of the 2nd issue and the Financing with BNDES.

Corporate guarantee provided by Copel: (10) (11)

Operation guarantee: pledge of shares held by Copel Get in the ventures.

## 36. Commitments

The main commitments related to long-term contracts not yet incurred, and therefore not recognized in these financial statements, are as follows:

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Energy purchase and transportation contracts  108,768,267  132,307,398  Additions to property, plant and equipment  Construction of Jandaíra wind farm complex  -  147,682  Acquisition of assets for electricity distribution  1,187,336  1,374,177  Gas purchase contracts  3,875,135  1,841,767   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 37. Insurance.......

The specification by risk modality and effective date of the main insurance policies can be seen below:

| End  Insured  Policy  of term  amount  Operational risks - Cutia and Bento Miguel  03.29.2024  2,209,803  Named perils  08.24.2023  2,130,270  Operational risks - HPP Baixo Iguaçu  05.31.2023  2,042,375  Operational risks - HPP Colíder  12.01.2023  1,892,320  Operational risks - HPP Governador Jayme Canet Junior  01.21.2024  1,594,472  Operational risks - Ventos de Serra do Mel II e IV  11.28.2023  1,075,284  Fire - owned and rented facilities  08.24.2023  854,464  Operational risks - Brisa Potiguar  06.27.2023  766,454  Operational risks - UEG Araucária (a)  05.31.2024  764,335  Operational risks - Elejor  09.07.2023  728,426   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The insured amount of operational risks - UEG Araucária have been translated from USD into BRL, with the current rate R$5.2177 as of December 31, 2022.

In addition to the insurance policies listed above, the Company takes out other insurance policies with lower values, such as: Directors and Officers liability (D&amp;O), general civil liability, court award payment guarantee, sundry perils, national and international transportation, life, aircraft and vehicles. Additionally, the Company has an indemnity contract, in addition to the D&amp;O insurance. The guarantee insurances taken out by the subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates have Copel and/or Copel GeT as a guarantor, within the limits of their share of interest in each project.

## 38. Additional information to the Statement of Cash Flows

## 38.1 Transactions not involving cash

Of the total additions of Contract assets (shown in Notes 10.1 and 10.2) and acquisitions of Property, plant and equipment (shown in Note 16.2), R$175,783 (R$240,718 on December 31, 2021, and R$104,834 on December 31, 2020) and R$8,055 (R$19,855 on December 31, 2021, and R$21,773 on December 31, 2020), respectively, represent the amount of purchases made in installments and not settled through the end of the reporting exercise.

According  to  Note  26,  the  additions  and  remeasurement  adjustment  occurred  in  right-of-use  assets  totaled  R$123,691  (R$111,880  on  December  31,  2021,  and R$104,977 on December 31, 2020), with a corresponding entry in lease liabilities.

The mentioned transactions did not involve cash and, for this reason, are not being presented in the statement of cash flows.

## 39. Discontinued operations

On August 3, 2021, the Company concluded the sale of 100% of the interest in Copel Telecomunicações S.A., with the receipt of the updated amount of R$2,506,837 and the transfer of assets and liabilities and the direction of the business to the buyer, Bordeaux Fundo de Investimento em Participações Multistrategy.

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

On December 31, 2021, the income, costs and expenses, as well as the movement in cash flow resulting from these assets and liabilities, were presented in separate lines, as a discontinued operation, both in the Statement of Income and in the Statement of Cash Flows, in compliance with the requirements of IFRS 5.

The details of these values, as well as the profit resulting from this operation, are presented in the tables below:

| Statements of income from discontinued operations  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Net operating revenue  228,379  355,843  Operating costs  (19,266)  (100,684)  GROSS OPERATING PROFIT  209,113  255,159  Other operational expenses / income  (62,539)  (103,095)  PROFIT BEFORE FINANCIAL RESULTS AND TAXES  146,574  152,064  Financial results  (25,748)  (33,378)  OPERATING PROFIT  120,826  118,686  Income tax and social contribution  (47,648)  (43,108)  NET INCOME  73,178  75,578  Gain on the share sales operation  1,723,913  -  Income tax on sales gains  (446,716)  -  Deferred income tax on sales gains  (160,818)  -  NET INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  1,189,557  75,578   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Statements of cash flows from discontinued operations  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Net income  1,189,557  75,578  Adjustments to reconcile net income  (803,687)  282,914  Changes in assets and liabilities  (19,255)  (16,958)  Taxes and charges paid  (18,044)  (73,050)  Cash flows from operational activities  348,571  268,484  Additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets  (62,485)  (73,573)  Disposal Copel Telecom receipt  2,506,837  -  Cash flows from investment activities  2,444,352  (73,573)  Payment of loans and financing and lease  (1,850)  (20,038)  Cash flows from financing activities  (1,850)  (20,038)  Changes in cash and cash equivalents  2,791,073  174,873   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40. Subsequent events

## 40.1 Acquisition of Aventura and Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo Wind Complexes

On January 30, 2023, Copel GeT completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares of companies belonging to the Aventura and Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo Wind Complexes  shown  in  the  table  below,  with  payment  of  R$1,005,173  to  the  seller,  EDP  Renováveis  Brasil  S.A.  At  the  transaction  closing  date,  the  shares  were transferred to Copel GeT, and the appointment and investiture new managers of the Companies were approved.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

## All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo Wind Complex  Aventura Wind Complex  SRMN Holding S.A.  Aventura Holding S.A.  Central Eólica SRMN I S.A.  Central Eólica Aventura II S.A.  Central Eólica SRMN II S.A.  Central Eólica Aventura III S.A.  Central Eólica SRMN III S.A.  Central Eólica Aventura IV S.A.  Central Eólica SRMN IV S.A.  Central Eólica Aventura V S.A.  Central Eólica SRMN V S.A.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The acquisition is in line with the sustainable growth strategy in renewable energy, expanding the generation matrix diversification in line with the Company's Strategic Planning and Investment Policy. The transaction includes the Locked box mechanism, in which all cash generated from January 1, 2022 to the closing date will remain in the cash of the acquired Companies.

Transaction closing was subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, which were fully complied with by January 30, 2023, including: obtaining approval from the Brazilian Antitrust Enforcement Agency (CADE), declarations and guarantees, compliance with covenants and obligations, third-party consent, absence of material adverse effect.

It  is  also  important  to  highlight  the  need  for  unconditional  and  unrestricted  consent from counterparties to change the control of the acquired Companies, including regarding credit limits for maintenance of financing agreements by the Companies, in accordance with National Monetary Council (CMN) Resolution No. 4995, of March 24, 2022, a condition that was only fulfilled in January 2023.

The complexes are located in the state of Rio Grande do Norte, the largest wind energy hub in the country, and have a 260.4 MW installed capacity, with 157.8 MWm of assured energy. The companies have long-term financing (maturities up to 2043) taken out from Banco do Nordeste - BNB, at IPCA rates + 2.19% p.a. (Aventura Complex) and IPCA + 1.98% p.a. (Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo Complex).

The seller is developing projects in the vicinity of the Aventura Complex wind farms which, during construction and/or operation, may potentially affect the volume of electricity generated by the wind farms (wake effect) in the future. The seller estimates that these undertakings may start up operations as of January 2027. If the wake effect materializes so that the acquired wind farms generate energy below what was agreed between the parties, the seller will have the obligation to indemnify Copel. Otherwise, if the energy generation is greater, Copel must indemnify the seller. The amount of this indemnification is limited to R$4,167 for both situations, monetarily restated.

The tables below show the book value and fair value of the net assets acquired, including the effect of deferred taxes (technical goodwill). The fair value was determined based on a preliminary purchase price allocation (PPA) report. Therefore, information is under review and may change. However, no significant changes are expected.

<!-- image -->

| Aventura Wind Complex  Fair value  Fair value at the  Book value  adjustment  acquisition date  Assets identified  518,158  255,675  773,833  Cash and cash equivalents  51,789  -  51,789  Trade accounts receivable  7,150  -  7,150  Recoverable taxes  3,823  -  3,823  Other receivables  2,917  -  2,917  Property, plant and equipment  452,475  -  452,475  Intangible assets  4  255,675  255,679  Liabilities assumed  330,102  93,002  423,104  Suppliers  6,950  -  6,950  Loans and financing  317,928  -  317,928  Tax obligations  2,879  -  2,879  Other accounts payable  2,345  -  2,345  Contingent Liabilities  -  9,891  9,891  Deferred income tax and social contribution  -  83,111  83,111  Net assets acquired  188,056  162,673  350,729   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Santa Rosa &amp; Mundo Novo Wind Complex  Fair value  Fair value at the  Book value  adjustment  acquisition date  Assets identified  840,938  366,360  1,207,298  Cash and cash equivalents  67,440  -  67,440  Trade accounts receivable  23,961  -  23,961  Recoverable taxes  5,747  -  5,747  Other receivables  9,157  -  9,157  Property, plant and equipment  734,633  -  734,633  Intangible assets  -  366,360  366,360  Liabilities assumed  625,811  131,100  756,911  Suppliers  56,611  -  56,611  Loans and financing  557,810  -  557,810  Tax obligations  7,579  -  7,579  Other accounts payable  3,811  -  3,811  Contingent Liabilities  -  10,155  10,155  Deferred income tax and social contribution  -  120,945  120,945  Net assets acquired  215,127  235,260  450,387   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contingent liabilities mainly refer to tax risks for which management believes that providing information regarding the timing of any cash outflows is impracticable, in view of the unpredictability and dynamics of the Brazilian legal, tax and regulatory systems. A final outcome depends on the conclusions of legal proceedings.

The table below shows the consideration transferred for assets acquired and technical goodwill calculated as a result of the recognized deferred tax liability in the business combination:

| Total of net assets acquired  403,183  397,933  801,116  Goodwill  204,057  Consideration amount  1,005,173   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 40.2 Technical Inspection at HPP GBM

On March 25, 2023, the scheduled stoppage for inspection of the generating unit 3 of HPP GBM, a plant belonging to FDA, subsidiary of Copel GET, was concluded. An isolated fault was identified in the upper wear ring of the turbine rotor, so that this generating unit will remain unavailable to carryng out a diagnosis on the cause of the incident and the respective actions for its repair, when the return forecast for this generating unit will be updated. Eventual financial impacts related to non-generation or any reduction in the plant's assured energy can only be estimated after the completion of this work.

## 41. Condensed individual financial information of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel

In  order  to  attend  Rule  12-04  of  Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC'), Management has incorporated the condensed individual financial information of Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel in these financial statements, as part of the Form 20-F.

These information were prepared considering the same accounting policies as described in Note 3 and 4 to Company's consolidated financial statements. Investments in  subsidiaries  are  recognized  in  the  individual  financial  statements  based  on  the  equity  method.  Initially  recorded  at  cost,  their  carrying  amount  is  increased  or decreased by the recognition of the investor's interest in profit, loss and other comprehensive income generated by subsidiaries after acquisition. When required, for the calculation of equity in earnings of investees, the subsidiaries financial statements are adjusted to align their policies with the Parent Company's accounting policies.

## 41.1 Condensed statements of financial position

| ASSETS  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  199,877  626,052  Bonds and securities  93  91  Dividends receivables (41.5.3)  824,143  1,558,212  Other current receivables  977  1,150  Income tax and social contribution  107,523  3,991  Prepaid expenses  855  528  Receivable from related parties (41.5.1)  47,404  5,374  Total current assets  1,180,872  2,195,398  Noncurrent assets  Other temporary investments  25,619  19,985  Judicial deposits  138,747  131,519  Other current receivables  18  7,658  Income Tax and Social Contribution  -  30,000  Deferred tax assets  333,877  165,484  Other noncurrent recoverable taxes  39,810  38,659  Receivables from related parties (41.5.1)  -  150,572  Other non current assets  538,071  543,877  Investments (41.5.2)  20,339,344  21,144,478  Property, Plant and Equipment, net  7,948  4,112  Intangible Assets  4,724  3,473  Right-of-use asset  4,586  3,165  Total non current assets  20,894,673  21,699,105  Total assets  22,075,545  23,894,503   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

| LIABILITIES  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Current liabilities  Payroll, social charges and accruals  6,605  36,454  Related parties (41.5.1)  1,838  2,292  Suppliers (41.5.6)  5,373  3,353  Income tax and social contribution  -  1,813  Other taxes payable  28,690  34,956  Loans and financing  -  321,157  Debentures  -  501,716  Dividends payable  344,251  260,995  Post employment benefits  2,957  229  Lease liability  436  301  Other accounts payable  558  548  Total current liabilities  390,708  1,163,814  Noncurrent liabilities  Related parties (41.5.1)  5,851  5,851  Other taxes due  3,676  3,260  Loans and financing  -  468,970  Post employment benefits  23,890  13,922  Lease liability  4,373  2,957  Other accounts payable  25,241  50,943  Provisions for legal claims (41.5.4)  804,442  347,762  Noncurrent liabilities  867,473  893,665  Equity  Share capital  10,800,000  10,800,000  Equity valuation adjustments  593,382  426,170  Legal reserves  1,512,687  1,457,087  Retained earnings  7,911,295  7,785,092  Additional dividends proposed  -  1,368,675  TOTAL EQUITY  20,817,364  21,837,024  Total liabilities and equity  22,075,545  23,894,503   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 41.2 Condensed statements of income

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Operating revenues (expenses)  General and administrative expenses  (111,665)  (126,172)  (79,762)  Other revenues (expenses), net  (441,601)  (86,344)  (24,423)  Result of equity in investees  1,620,451  3,689,345  3,551,254  Total Operating revenues (expenses)  1,067,185  3,476,829  3,447,069  Operating income before financial results  1,067,185  3,476,829  3,447,069  Financial income (expenses)  Financial revenues  57,658  304,809  335,485  Financial expenses  (177,375)  (112,332)  (86,076)  Total Financial income (expenses)  (119,717)  192,477  249,409  Operating income  947,468  3,669,306  3,696,478  Income tax and social contribution  Income tax and social contribution  -  67,641  -  Deferred income tax and social contribution  164,539  30,250  127,503  Total Income tax and social contribution  164,539  97,891  127,503  Net income from continuing operations  1,112,007  3,767,197  3,823,981  Discontinued operations  Net income (loss) from discontinued operations  -  1,185,376  80,221  Net income  1,112,007  4,952,573  3,904,202  Basic and diluted net earning per share attributed to controlling shareholders - continuing operations - expressed in Brazilian Reais  Common shares  0.38839  1.20448  0.72523  Class A preferred shares  0.50343  1.41173  0.89086  Class B preferred shares  0.41745  1.50668  0.79778  Basic and diluted net earning per share attributed to controlling shareholders - expressed in Brazilian Reais  Common shares  0.38839  1.61429  0.69440  Class A preferred shares  0.50343  1.86252  0.85790  Class B preferred shares  0.41745  1.95747  0.76388  ## 41.3 Condensed statement of comprehensive income  12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  NET INCOME  1,112,007  4,952,573  3,904,202  Other comprehensive income  Items that will never be reclassified to profit or loss  Gain (losses) on actuarial liabilities  Post employment benefits  (11,336)  (3,257)  (779)  Post employment benefits - equity  209,991  154,751  (178,434)  Taxes on other comprehensive income  3,854  1,107  265  Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss  Adjustments related to financial assets - equity  4,757  -  -  Total comprehensive income, net of taxes  207,266  152,601  (178,948)  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  1,319,273  5,105,174  3,725,254   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 41.4 Condensed statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  12.31.2020  Net cash generated from operating activities  3,079,427  2,892,312  761,050  Cash flow from investing activities  Financial investments  (5,636)  2,399  5,349  Loans and financing granted to related parties  (146,063)  -  (40,000)  Receipt of loans and financing granted to related parties  100,000  33,899  7,015  Additions in investments  (4,829)  (503,202)  (68,127)  Capital reduction of investees.  -  82,330  228  Additions to property, plant and equipment  (4,436)  (1,847)  (1,800)  Additions to intangible  (1,592)  (1,771)  (1,045)  Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations  (62,556)  (388,192)  (98,380)  Net cash generated by investment activities from discontinued operations  -  2,506,837  -  Net cash generated (used) from investing activities  (62,556)  2,118,645  (98,380)  Cash flow from financing activities  Issue of loans with related parties  -  -  280,000  Amortization of principal - loans and financing  (774,899)  -  (38,500)  Amortization of principal - debentures  (500,000)  (300,000)  (300,000)  Amortization of principal - Lease liabilities  (378)  (317)  (329)  Amortization of principal of related parties liabilities  -  (280,000)  -  Dividends and interest on capital paid  (2,167,769)  (3,847,288)  (586,445)  Net cash used in financing activities  (3,443,046)  (4,427,605)  (645,274)  Total effects on cash and cash equivalents  (426,175)  583,352  17,396  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period  626,052  42,700  25,304  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  199,877  626,052  42,700  Change in cash and cash equivalents  (426,175)  583,352  17,396   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 41.5 Additional individual information related to Companhia Paranaense de Energia - Copel

## 41.5.1 Related Parties

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Assets  Jandaíra wind complex - loan agreement (a)  47,404  -  Structure sharing (b)  -  5,374  Copel Distribuição (c)  -  150,572  47,404  155,946  Liabilities  Structure sharing (b)  1,838  2,292  Elejor advance  5,851  5,851  7,689  8,143   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## a) Loan agreement - Jandaíra Complex

On May 17, 2022, a loan agreement was signed between Copel and the companies of the Jandaíra Wind Complex, with the approval of limits plus IOF and interest of CDI + 1.38% per year, to provide resources for financing the company activities and business. The contracts are valid until May 17, 2024. Of the overall approved amount of R$49,400, the amount of R$46,063 was transferred, and the financial income for the year ended December 31, 2022 is R$1,313.

## b) Structure sharing

Balances mainly refer to contracts for sharing personnel and management expenses entered between Copel and its direct and indirect subsidiaries.

## c) Copel DIS - Financing transferred - STN

Refers to the National Treasury Department - STN financing, signed by Copel and transferred to Copel DIS, settled on March 10, 2022.

## 41.5.2 Investments

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Copel Geração e Transmissão  12,790,070  12,662,224  Copel Distribuição  6,610,274  7,558,556  Copel Comercialização  418,780  389,863  Compagas  284,135  259,031  UEG Araucária  55,414  109,737  Elejor  9,990  10,744  Copel Serviços  8,635  -  Other investments (a)  162,046  154,323  20,339,344  21,144,478   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The information regarding joint ventures, associates and other investments are presented in Note 15.

## 41.5.3 Dividends receivable

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Subsidiaries  Copel Geração e Transmissão  372,899  638,378  Copel Distribuição  265,574  824,833  Copel Comercialização  39,626  20,785  Compagas  136,246  65,821  UEG Araucária  7,746  7,251  Joint Ventures and Associates  Voltália  1,032  1,032  Dona Francisca  831  86  Solar Paraná  48  -  Other investments  141  26  824,143  1,558,212   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All amounts expressed in thousands of Brazilian reais, unless otherwise stated

## 41.5.4 Provisions for legal claims

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Tax Claim  159,235  144,208  Labor  3,514  2,437  Employee benefits  745  587  Civil  640,948  175,356  Regulatory  -  25,174  804,442  347,762   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 41.5.5 Restriction of transfer of funds from subsidiaries

The subsidiaries described below qualify as either concessionaires of public services or independent power producers. As such, any transfer of funds to the respective Parent  Company,  in  the  form  of  loans  or  advances,  requires  approval  by  the  regulator.  This  regulatory  restriction  does  not  apply  to  cash  dividends  determined  in accordance with the Brazilian Corporate Law. Total restricted subsidiaries net assets are composed as follows:

| 12.31.2022  12.31.2021  Copel Geração e Transmissão  12,790,070  12,662,224  Copel Distribuição  6,610,274  7,558,556  Compagas  557,130  507,901  UEG Araucária  272,981  540,577  20,230,455  21,269,258   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 41.5.6 Liquidity

The following table shows the expected undiscounted settlement values of the Copel liabilities, in each time range:

| Less than  1 month  1 to 3 months  3 months to 1 year  1 to 5 years  Over  5 years  Total  12.31.2022  Suppliers  5,351  22  -  -  -  5,373  5,351  22  -  -  -  5,373   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|