## CONDUIT CAPITAL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## Conduit Capital Limited

## Integrated Annual Report 2022

## Table of Content

| About this Report  3  •  Risk Mitigation Strategies  13  •  Cybersecurity and Data Protection  13  I.  Shareholders Letter  4  •  Regulatory Compliance  13  •  Highlights of the year  4  VI.  Human Resources and Talent  13  •  Outlook  4  •  Acknowledgements  4  •  Workforce Profile  13  •  Vision and Values  5  •  Employee Development and Training  14  •  Diversity and Inclusion  14  II.  Corporate Governance  5  •  Transformation  14  •  Administration and Corporate Information  5  VII.  Technology and Innovation  14  •  Board of Directors  6  •  Governance Framework  6  VIII.  Material Matters  14  •  Committees  8  •  Remuneration Report  9  •  Constantia Insurance Company Liquidation  14  •  Stakeholder Engagement  9  •  Conduit Capital Operations and Prospects  15  •  Sustainability and Ethics  9  IX.  Statutory Committee Reports  15  III.  Investment Portfolio  9  •  Report of the Audit and Risk Committee  15  •  Capital allocation and Investment Strategy  9  •  Report of the Social and Ethics Committee  17  •  Investments  10  •  Remuneration Report  18  •  Dealing in Securities  10  •  Company Secretary's Certificate  20  IV.  Sustainability and ESG (Environmental,  10  X.  Notice of Annual General Meeting  21  Social, and Governance)  XI.  Proxy Form  28  •  Sustainability Strategy and Commitments  10  •  Environmental Initiatives  11  XII.  Financial Performance  31  •  Social Impact and Responsibility  11  •  ESG Performance Metrics  11  •  Directors' Report  31  •  B-BBEE  11  •  Directors' Responsibility and Approval of the  36  •  Health and Safety  12  Annual Financial Statements  •  Code of Conduct  12  •  CEO and Financial Director Responsibility  36  Statement  V.  Risk Management  12  •  Preparation of the Annual Financial Statements  36  •  Independent  Auditor's Report  37  •  Risk Identification and Assessment  12  •  Consolidated Financial Statements  40  Back Cover  FEEDBACK ON REPORT  We welcome your feedback on this report. Please  email your comments to:  results@conduitcapital.co.za   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

128

## About this Report

Conduit Capital Limited ('Conduit Capital' or 'Conduit' or 'the  Company'  or 'the  Group')  hereby  presents  the Integrated  Annual  Report  ('IAR')  for  the  year  ended  30 June 2022. This report highlights the Company's financial performance,  investments,  sustainability  initiatives  and governance practices.

This report offers a detailed overview of the business of Conduit Capital, where appropriate, its subsidiary companies, investments and associates. The information contained in this report caters primarily for existing and prospective shareholders but will also be of value to all parties with an interest in our Company.

## Reporting Suite

SUITE

APPLIED FRAMEWORKS &amp; PRINCIPLES

ASSURANCE

IAR

- International &lt;IR&gt; Reporting Framework ('IIRC')

- JSE Listings Requirements (' JSE LR')

- King IV on Corporate Governance for South Africa ('King IV ™')

- Companies Act No 71 of 2008, as amended ('Companies Act')

Reviewed by:

- Management

- Finance

- Audit &amp; Risk Committee

- Board

- JSE Sponsor

## Consolidated Annual  Financial Statements

- International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS')

- Companies Act

- JSE LR

Independent audit opinion by Nexia SAB&amp;T Proprietary Limited

## Sustainability Report

- IIRC

- King IV ™

## Reviewed by:

- -Management
- -Finance
- -Internal audit
- -Social &amp; Ethics Committee
- -Audit &amp; Risk Committee
- -Board

<!-- image -->

## Combined Assurance

- Oversight

- Independent assurance

- Internal assurance

- Management- based assurance

- Board

- Committees

- Internal audit - MooreJhb

- External audit - Nexia SAB&amp;T

- Risk Management

- Compliance

B-BBEE

Department of Trade and Industry's Generic Code of Good Practice

BDO Verification

Services

Proprietary

Limited

The  letter  of  the  Board  of  Directors  to  the  Company's shareholders is comprehensive. Where material matters articulated  in  the  letter  to  shareholders  are  adequately described,  we  have  not  repeated  the  same  in  the  IAR other than in circumstances where context warrants reenforcement of a particular theme.

This  report  includes  forward-looking  statements  which relate to, among other things, the plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operational performance and anticipated developments of the Group. These forwardlooking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties,  many  of  which  are  beyond  the  Group's control and all of which are based on the Group's current beliefs  and  expectations  about  future  events.  Actual results may differ materially from the Group's expectations if known and unknown risks or uncertainties affect its business, or its assumptions prove inaccurate.

Although the Group believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable at this time, it cannot assure the reader that such expectations will prove to be correct. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forwardlooking  statements  even  if  new  information  becomes available as a result of future events for any other reason, other  than  that  which  is  required  by  regulation  and/or legislation.

The  forward-looking  statements  in  this  report  are  not reviewed and reported on by the Group's external assurance providers. Forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of which they are made, and the Group does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of  them, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, and does not assume responsibility for any loss or damage arising as a result of the reliance by any party thereon.

## BOARD RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

The  directors  and  executive  management  have  been integrally  involved  in  the  preparation  of  this  report.  The Board  applied  its  mind  to  all  the  content  and  is  of  the opinion that this integrated report addresses all material

matters while offering a balanced  view of Conduit Capital's integrated performance and impacts. The Board assumes full responsibility for the information set out in the integrated report. As such, the Board has fulfilled its responsibilities in terms of the recommendations of King IV™.

This  integrated  report  was  approved  by  the  Board  on 21 August 2024.

## I. Shareholders Letter

## From the Board of Directors

## DEAR SHAREHOLDERS OF CONDUIT CAPITAL

This is my first report as CEO of Conduit Capital, following my appointment on 1 October 2023. While it relates to the Group's performance for the period ended 30 June 2022, it is prepared in the context of the liquidation of Constantia Insurance Company Limited ('CICL'), which took place after the financial year ended 30 June 2022. I will discuss this in my report, as it significantly impacts the Group's outlook.

For  the  year  under  review,  Constantia  continued  its positive turnaround with Gross Written Premium increasing  by  8.3%  at  a  combined  ratio  below  100%, resulting  in  a  positive  net  insurance  result  before  the impact of investments. Unfortunately, the positive operating  performance  was  once  again  offset  by  the continued mark-to-market losses in the listed investment portfolio.

It is most regrettable that despite the significant progress made  in  turning  around  the  operating  performance  of CICL,  as  evidenced  by  the  marked  improvement  in  its combined  ratio and  cash  generation, the Regulator became impatient and applied for the liquidation of the business. The liquidation of CICL happened prior to the completion  of  the  2022  audit,  resulting  in  an  extended delay in finalising the audit and the subsequent publishing of these results. Consequently, we applied to the JSE for the suspension of the trading in our shares on 21 September 2022.

## AUDITED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENT

The liquidation of CICL posed significant challenges and delays for Conduit Capital in finalising the 2022 year-end audit. The decision by CICL's liquidators not to prepare audited accounts hindered Conduit Capital's audit process. Without access to audited CICL accounts, our auditors couldn't provide a clean opinion for the Conduit Capital Group's accounts. Consequently, while the 2022 audited  financial  statements  for  the  Company  were neither qualified nor disclaimed, those for the Group were published on a disclaimed basis.

In addition, the liquidation of CICL resulted in significant impairments and write-downs (R225.0 million, including taxation, or 32.7 cents per share) during the year under review.

## OUTLOOK

Given that CICL was Conduit Capital's largest insurance business,  contributing  over  90%  to  the  consolidated Group's  revenue,  the  liquidation  of  CICL  has  left  the Group  with  insufficient  scale  to  sustain  the  regulatory costs  of  the  remaining  insurance  businesses,  causing financial strain. Consequently, these remaining insurance businesses have been deemed non-core.

To  enhance  the  financial  position,  Conduit  Capital  has undertaken  strategic  initiatives,  including  the  disposal and/or restructuring of non-core assets. These initiatives not only offer Conduit Capital an opportunity to realise value and generate cash flow from the non-core assets but  also  align  with  the  Group's  strategic  objective  of simplifying  its  structures  and  improving  cost  efficiency. Upon completion, an 80% reduction in operating costs is expected, thereby significantly decreasing the cash burn and enhancing overall financial sustainability.

In  the  upcoming  year,  our  primary  focus  is  centred  on several  key  objectives.  Foremost  among  them  is  the completion of the various transactions and the implementation of stringent cost management measures. We are actively engaged in resolving disputes with the CICL liquidator and are committed to pursuing legal  avenues  for  the  recovery  of  assets  owed  to  the Group (for example, taking steps to enforce the Arbitration  Award  against  companies  in  the  Trustco Group).  Our  overarching  goal  is  to  prudently  minimise expenditures, striving for the greatest realisation of assets. The successful conclusion of these initiatives is paramount,  as  it  is  integral  to  ensuring  the  long-term sustainability and  eventual  return  to profitability for Conduit Capital.

However,  it is important to note that a favourable outcome in the short to medium term is not guaranteed, and the outlook remains uncertain. We acknowledge the challenges  ahead  and  are  approaching  them  with  a realistic  understanding  of  the  complexities  involved  in achieving our objectives.

## APPRECIATION

I  extend  my  sincere  gratitude  to  the  board,  executives, and employees for their exceptional dedication during our most challenging period. A special acknowledgment goes to Peter Todd and the Constantia team, whose relentless efforts  played  a  pivotal  role  in  transforming  CICL  from experiencing  unsustainable  cash  burn  to  becoming  a robust and consistently cash-generating business.

Under Peter Todd's leadership, CICL witnessed a substantial improvement in its combined ratio and cash generation. Particularly noteworthy is the month leading up  to  the  Regulator's  intervention,  during  which  CICL achieved remarkable profitability milestones,

culminating  in  one  of  its  best-ever  months  in  terms  of cash and capital generation.

## IN CLOSING

As  a  fellow  shareholder,  I  share  in  the  frustrations  and challenges  we've  endured.  I  wholeheartedly  empathise with  the  Group's  long-suffering  shareholders.  Looking ahead, while uncertainties persist and outcomes aren't guaranteed,  I  am  cautiously  optimistic  that  our  efforts, including  very  steep  cost  reductions  at  Conduit's  head office and further improvements in cost efficiency through the planned disposal and/or restructuring of noncore assets, have enhanced financial sustainability and our potential to recover some of the value that was lost in the company, resolve disputes, and breathe new life into Conduit Capital.

## Vision And Values

Conduit Capital's vision is to increase long-term intrinsic value per share at above market average rates ahead of the performance of its peers.

The Group's values shape our culture, guide our behaviours and support our purpose. They are at the core of who we are and what we do.

## II. Corporate Governance

## Administration and Corporate Information

## COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION AND DOMICILE

Republic of South Africa

## NATURE OF BUSINESS

Listed investment holding company listed on the JSE Limited

## REGISTERED ADDRESS

67 Carlisle Street Paardeneiland Cape Town, 7405

Tel: +27 010 5000 827

Email: info@conduitcapital.co.za

## REGISTRATION NUMBER

1998/017351/06

## ALPHA CODE

CND

ISIN

ZAE000073128

PO Box 335 Sea Point Cape Town, 8060

## BANKERS

Absa Bank First Rand Bank Grindrod Bank Investec Bank Mercantile Bank Nedbank Standard Bank

## COMPANY SECRETARY

CIS Company Secretaries (Pty) Ltd (Registration number: 2006/024994/07) Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, Johannesburg 2196 Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132

## TRANSFER SECRETARIES

Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Ltd (Registration number: 2004/003647/07) Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, Johannesburg 2196 Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132

## SPONSOR

Merchantec Capital (Registration number: 2008/027362/07) 13th Floor, Illovo Point, 68 Melville Road, Illovo, Sandton 2196 PO Box 41480, Craighall, 2024

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

SAB&amp;T Chartered Accountants Incorporated t/a Nexia SAB&amp;T

(Registration number: 1997/018869/21)

119 Witch-Hazel Avenue, Highveld Technopark,

Centurion 0157

PO Box 10512, Centurion, 0046

## INTERNAL AUDITORS

MooreJHB

(Registration number: 2013/024954/07) 50 Oxford Road, Parktown, Johannesburg 2193 PO Box 3094, Houghton, 2041

## LEGAL ADVISOR

Alan Allschwang &amp; Associates Inc. (Registration number: 2003/024344/21) Patriot Pers Building, 227 Main Road, Paarl, 7646

<!-- image -->

## Board of Directors

The  Board  is  made  up  of  both  executive  and  nonexecutive  directors,  with  most  being  independent.  This ensures a fair distribution of power, preventing any single person from having unchecked decision-making authority. The roles of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer are distinct. You can find comprehensive information about the Board's skills and experience on our website .

## Directorate

Persons who acted as directors during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 until the date of this report, unless otherwise  indicated,  are  set  out  below.  Additionally, persons who were appointed as directors after the year ended 30 June 2022 are also set out below.

## RONALD STUART NAPIER (87) MA (Oxon)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN

APPOINTED: 31 March 2015

RESIGNED: 17 November 2022

## NONZUKISO SIYOTULA (38) CA(SA). ACMA, MBA

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR LEAD INDEPENDENT

APPOINTED: 24 March 2020

RESIGNED: 9 December 2022

## MELVYN  LUBEGA  (34)  BbusSc  (UCT),  M.Sc  (Oxford), MPP (Oxford)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR CHAIRMAN*

APPOINTED: 15 March 2021

* Appointed as Chairman on 1 October 2023

## ADRIAN  JOHN  MAIZEY  (48)  BBA  (Accounting),  MBA (Harvard), CPA (USA)

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

APPOINTED: 20 February 2017

RESIGNED: 18 July 2022

## LEO CHIH HAO CHOU (43) B.Com (UNISA)

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER* APPOINTED: 9 October 2017

* Appointed as Chief Executive Officer on 1 October 2023

## SEAN MICHAEL RISKOWITZ (37) B.Com (Wits)

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

APPOINTED: 31 July 2015

RESIGNED: 21 July 2022

## BIANCA YAN (38) CA(SA) (Wits)

FINANCIAL DIRECTOR

APPOINTED: 5 February 2021

RESIGNED: 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## GEOFFREY EDGAR BOLTON HACKING (65) M.B.,Ch.B. (UCT), F.F.Rad (D) (SA) F.R.C.R.(London)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR LEAD INDEPENDENT*

* Appointed as Lead Independent on 29 September 2023

APPOINTED: 3 April 2023

## LOURENS ERASMUS LOUW (53) B.Com (Stellenbosch)

FINANCIAL DIRECTOR

APPOINTED: 1 January 2023

## CHRISTIAN  RICHARD  SOLBERG  (38)  BA magna  cum laude (Middlebury College, US) MBA (MIT)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

APPOINTED: 3 April 2023

## PETER GOEFFREY TODD (54) B.Com LLB (UCT)

* Appointed as Chief Executive Officer on 21 July 2022 and resigned  as  Chief  Executive  Officer  on  1  October  2023, however, remains an executive director of the Company

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER* APPOINTED: 21 July 2022

## Governance Framework

Conduit Capital's Board is committed to maintaining high performance and governance standards for the Company and its  controlled  entities.  The  Board  acknowledges  its responsibilities  to  stakeholders  and  the  communities  it operates in. It holds ultimate authority and oversight over the  Group  and  considers  corporate  governance  crucial for achieving strategic objectives. To fulfil its duties, the Board has adopted charters, codes  and policies, along with establishing various committees.

Corporate Governance information can be found on the Company's website ,  regularly  updated  to  align  with legislative and governance changes. The Group's governance systems adhere to the Companies Act, King IV™ and the JSE LR, as well as the Company's MOI and relevant constitutional documents.

The Board is dedicated to transparent engagement with shareholders  and  stakeholders,  addressing  legitimate concerns  when  necessary.  It  recognises  that  corporate governance  is a holistic  and  interconnected  set of practices, not just a compliance exercise. Implementing recommended practices benefits the organisation.

Conduit  Capital  is  pleased  to  report  no  material  noncompliance or regulatory fines during the reviewed year. The  Board  affirms  the  absence  of  legal  proceedings against the Company during this period.

## KING IV™

Conduit Capital supports King IV™ and its aim to promote ethical culture, strong performance, effective control and legitimacy.  The  Group  regularly  assesses  its  corporate governance  practices  to  ensure  they  align  with  internal changes. These practices, which include following

6

<!-- image -->

regulations and adhering to good governance principles, have also been extended to the Group's entities.

In  2022,  the  King  IV™  register  was  reviewed,  and  the Company remains committed to its application. You can find the register that outlines the implementation of King IV™ principles on the Company's website . In cases where Conduit Capital has chosen not to apply specific recommended practices, explanations for these decisions are provided.

## LEADERSHIP, ETHICS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The  Board  operates  in  terms  of  the  board-approved charter and terms of reference, the provisions  of which have been complied with during the year under review. The full documents are available on our website .

There is a clear division of responsibilities at board level to ensure a balance of power and authority, such that no one  individual  has  unrestricted  powers  of  decisionmaking. The Board is satisfied that its current composition  ensures  such  a  balance  of  power  and authority.

## BOARD ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

The Board's key roles and responsibilities include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following;

- promoting the interests of all stakeholders;
- approach and approval of the Group strategy;
- exercising effective control; and
- conclusive  accountability  and  responsibility  for  the performance and affairs of the Group.

The Board acts as the guardian of shareholders' interests, entrusted  with  the  duty  to  invest  prudently  in  order  to achieve the Group's goals of creating long-term value for its shareholders.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

## Chairman

The Chairman is an independent non-executive director and has no executive or management responsibilities.

The responsibilities of the chairman  and  the chief executive  are  clearly  separated  to  ensure  a  balance  of power  and  to  prevent  any  one  director  from  exercising unfettered powers of decision-making.

## Chief Executive Officer

The  Chief  Executive  Officer  manages  Conduit  Capital's operations,  in  accordance  with  relevant  legislation  and regulation, and in accordance with the strategic objectives approved by the Board.

The  Chief  Executive  Officer,  in  conjunction  with  the executive management team, guides and supervises the operations  of  Conduit  Capital  and  its  businesses.  The

<!-- image -->

Chief Executive Officer reports to the Board in terms of the business operating environment and other significant issues. Additionally, he ensures the implementation and execution of approved policies, strategies, and operational plans as adopted by the Board.

The  Board  continuously  considers  succession  planning for  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  as  well  as  for  other  key personnel,  and  is  satisfied  that  sufficient  plans  are  in place.

## BOARD PERFORMANCE AND EVALUATIONS

The Company regularly monitors the performance of the Board and its committees, following King IV™ guidelines. This  evaluation  occurs  every  two  years,  allowing  for careful implementation of improvements and assessing their effectiveness. It was last conducted in 2021 and will happen again in the 2023/2024 financial year. The Board believes  that  the  performance  review  process  is  strong and supports better performance and effectiveness.

All  directors  have  access  to  continuous  professional development and training opportunities to enhance their skills and knowledge.

## DIVERSITY POLICY ADOPTED BY THE BOARD

The  Company  recognises  that  diversity  on  the  Board enhances our understanding of the country's culture and operating environment. A diverse board includes a mix of different ages, genders, races, cultures, skills, expertise, industry knowledge, and other qualities.

Conduit  Capital's  Nomination  Committee  will  assess potential  candidates  for  Board  appointments  based  on their  merit and how well they align with the Company's objectives, considering the positive impact that diversity can bring to the Board.

The Company's voluntary targets are set out below:

<!-- image -->

| Race Target:  20%  Gender Target:  10%  Actual:  50%  Actual:  25%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LEVELS OF AUTHORITY

The  Company  has  an  established  Levels  of  Authority framework for approvals to effectively manage  the Company in a decentralised setting. The Board entrusts the Chief Executive Officer with the responsibility for daily operations  of  the  Group,  and  he  may  further  delegate some  of  these  responsibilities.  The  Board  approved Levels of Authority framework guides these delegations of authority within the Company.

## COMPANY SECRETARY RESPONSIBILITIES

The  Board  is  assisted  by  an  independent  Company Secretary, CIS Company Secretaries (Pty) Ltd, which is a qualified  and  experienced  organisation.  The  Company

Secretary's  role  includes  assisting  the  Board  and  its Committees with governance issues, aiding in meetings and director responsibilities, and serving as a link between the Board and executive management.

Both the Board and individual directors can reach out to the Company Secretary. According to Conduit Capital's governance framework, the Company Secretary reports to the Board, specifically through the Chairman, regarding all matters related to the Board's proper functioning. The Board is responsible for appointing the Company Secretary.

The  Audit  and  Risk  Committee  annually  evaluates  the Company Secretary's performance and effectiveness, as required  by  the  JSE  LR.  The  Board  is  confident  that  the Company  Secretary's  representatives  are  competent, possess  the  necessary  qualifications  and  experience required  by  the  Group,  and  maintain  an  arm's-length relationship.

## Committees

The Board has assessed its composition in terms of the diversity of skills and experience, and its satisfied that the correct  mix  of  skills  and  experience  is  available  to Conduit  Capital  to  ensure  that  it  functions  effectively and/or optimally to achieve its objectives.

The  Board  is  empowered  to  appoint  Board  committees and to delegate powers to such committees. The Board delegates certain functions to well-structured committees  but  recognises  that,  in  general,  ultimate responsibility lies with the Board itself. During the 2022 fiscal year the Board attended the requisite meetings as follows:

## AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

A  report  by  the  Audit  and  Risk  Committee  has  been provided on page 15 &amp; 16 of this IAR.

The  committee  meets  at  least  three  times  a  year  with additional  meetings  held  when  necessary.  The  Group's external auditors have unrestricted access to the chairperson of the committee and are invited to attend all committee  meetings. The attendance at  committee meetings  held  during  the  year  under  review  is  set  out below:

| MEMBERS  ATTENDANCE  N Siyotula (Chair)  3  RS Napier  3  M Lubega  3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SOCIAL AND ETHICS COMMITTEE

A report of the Social and Ethics Committee is set out on page 17 of this IAR.

<!-- image -->

The committee meets at least twice a year with additional meetings held when  necessary. The attendance at committee meetings held during the year under review is set out below:

| MEMBERS  ATTENDANCE  N Siyotula (Chair)  2  M Lubega  2  SM Riskowitz  2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The committee meets at least once a year with additional meetings held when  necessary. The attendance at committee meetings held during the year under review is set out below:

| MEMBERS  ATTENDANCE  RS Napier (Chair)  0  M Lubega  0  N Siyotula  0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

A report on the salient details of the executive management  team  service  contracts  are  disclosed  on page 18 to 20 of the Remuneration Report.

The committee meets at least once a year with additional meetings held when  necessary. The attendance at committee meetings held during the year under review is set out below:

| MEMBERS  ATTENDANCE  M Lubega (Chair)  1  RS Napier  1  N Siyotula  1  LCH Chou  1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INVESTMENT COMMITTEE

The  committee  meets  at  least  three  times  a  year  with additional meetings held when necessary. The attendance at committee meetings held during the year under review is set out below:

| MEMBERS  ATTENDANCE  AJ Maizey (Chair)  3  M Lubega  3  SM Riskowitz  3  LCH Chou  3   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## RESIGNATIONS, APPOINTMENTS AND RE-ELECTIONS OF THE BOARD

One third of all non-executive directors retire by rotation annually,  and  any  director  of  the  Board  is  subject  to election by the shareholders at the first AGM held after their initial appointments.

In  accordance  with  the  Company's  Memorandum  of Incorporation  ('MOI'),  no  directors  will  this  year  be required to retire by rotation.

A detailed list of resignations and appointments is set out on page 31 &amp; 32 of this IAR.

## Remuneration Report

## REMUNERATION POLICY

In light of the King IV™ report as well as the JSE LR, Conduit Capital  has  a  Remuneration  Committee,  as  part  of  the Nomination, Remuneration, Social and Ethics Committee  with  a  remuneration  policy  having  been approved by the Board. The objective of the Board with regards  to  the  remuneration  policy,  is  to  ensure  that executive  directors  and  key  staff  receive  remuneration that is appropriate to their individual scale of responsibility and performance, as well as ensuring that such  remuneration  will  attract,  motivate  and  retain  the necessary  individuals  and  promote  the  achievement  of strategic  objectives  within  the  Group's  risk  appetite,  to promote  positive  outcomes  and  to  promote  an  ethical culture and responsible corporate citizenship.

A  detailed  Remuneration  Report  has  been  provided  on page 18 to 20 of this IAR.

## IMPLEMENTATION REPORT

The implementation report includes the remuneration of each  of  the  executive  directors  and  also  tables  three elements; basic salary,  allowances  and  incentives.  The remuneration policy as well as the implementation report will be voted on as a separate non-binding advisory vote at the AGM.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE AND NONEXECUTIVE DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

The Board as a whole determines the fee structure for the independent non-executive and non-executive directors, subject to shareholder approval at the AGM. Independent non-executive directors are not eligible to participate in the annual bonus plan or any incentive plans.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

The executive directors have services contracts with the Group that contain a six-month notice period from either party. The remaining terms are similar to other employee contracts.

## Stakeholder Engagement

We  recognise  the  importance  of  balancing  our  main objectives with long-term social, economic and environmental factors. In doing so, we identify material issues raised during interactions with a variety of stakeholders which could have an impact on the Group's

<!-- image -->

sustainability. The list below details key stakeholders that are material to the success of the business:

- institutional and public investors
- Employees
- UMAs and Brokers
- Regulators and industry bodies
- Reinsurance
- Credit rating agencies
- Policyholders
- Communities
- Outsourced services

Conduit Capital maintains transparent and timely communication  with  shareholders  and  stakeholders  to ensure the market has enough information for informed investment decisions. Throughout shareholder communication, we aim to offer information that helps existing  shareholders,  potential  investors,  and  financial analysts assess the Group's true value. We adhere to the standards set by the JSE's continuous disclosure requirements.

Our commitment is to provide information to shareholders  and  the  market  in  the  manner  that  aligns with the intent of the JSE LR. We understand our specific responsibilities  regarding  disclosing  information  about Conduit Capital that could reasonably impact the price or value of our securities, unless the matter is reserved for the Board's consideration and approval.

## Sustainability and Ethics

The Group has a Code of Conduct in place which serves as a framework to promote an ethical culture across all Group entities. Ethics standards and ethics-related policies have been established, these include but are not limited  to:  conflict  of  interest,  whistleblowing,  etc.  All policies are reviewed by the Board on a bi-annual basis.

## III. Investment Portfolio

## Capital Allocation and Investment Strategy

The  overall  objective  of  the  investment  strategy  is  to support the long-term growth for the Group, and will have three sources of potential return:

- dividends
- exploiting  the  disparity  between  stock  price  and intrinsic value; and
- long-term growth in intrinsic value.

9

The  Conduit  Capital  investment  and  capital  allocation philosophy is to employ a 'value investing' philosophy. Value investing consists of quantifying what something is worth  intrinsically,  based  primarily  on  its  fundamental cash flow generating capabilities and buying it if its price represents a meaningful discount from that value. There are four main concepts to be considered:

- stock as fractional ownership in the Company;
- Mr Market;
- margin of safety; and
- circle of competence.

Stock as Fractional Ownership in the Company: Stocks represent ownership stakes in businesses, and investing in  stocks  is  equivalent  to  investing  in  the  underlying companies.  As  the  company  and  the  market  economy grow, shareholders benefit from increased earnings and company value.

Mr. Market: Benjamin Graham introduced "Mr. Market", a metaphor  for  the  stock  market's  volatility.  Mr.  Market offers to buy or sell shares daily at varying prices based on his mood swings. Investors can sell when prices are high, buy when prices are low, or do nothing if prices are fair. This illustrates the stock market's fluctuating nature.

Margin of Safety: Warren Buffett emphasises the importance of a "margin of safety", the difference between  a  stock's  intrinsic  value  and  its  market  price. Given  the  uncertainty  of  stock  futures,  buying  at a significant discount reduces the risk of loss and increases potential gains. Investing in quality companies at belowaverage prices further enhances this safety margin.

Circle of Competence: Buffett also advocates for developing a "circle of competence", where investors gain deep  knowledge  of  specific  industries  and  companies. Understanding an investment's intrinsic value,  earnings quality,  competitive  position,  growth  opportunities,  and management  integrity  is  crucial  for  making  informed decisions.

## Investments

## Private Investments

## Africa Special Opportunity Capital's Fund I (ASOC)

Conduit is invested in ASOC Fund I Limited Partnership, a special situations investment management company and the 'first-to-market' of its kind launched in 2017.

## Century 21

Conduit owns 51% of Century 21 South Africa, the South African  master  franchise  holder  of  one  of  the  world's leading brands in real estate brokerages. The balance of the company is owned by Century 21's management.

## Conduit Ventures

## · Fixico SA

An innovative platform where insurers, fleet owners and car owners can manage car damage claims via a complete digital solution.

- Rikatec

An insure-tech company that specialises in information management systems, digital solutions, big data and advanced analytics.

## Constantia Risk and Insurance Holdings

## · Constantia Life Limited

Constantia  employed  a  measured  approach  to  the Life business, having exited the funeral parlour market in December 2020. Whilst growth has been deliberately conservative in the current environment, we do see significant opportunity to grow in chosen niches and building on the stable base that has been created.

## Public Equity Investments

Conduit Capital is a long-term investor in a portfolio of companies listed on the JSE Limited. These  companies exhibit the four main concepts as set out in the investment strategy.

## Dealing in Securities

A  Dealings  in  Securities  Policy  is  in  place  to  prevent insider trading as defined by the Financial Markets Act of 2012. All directors (as well as executive management) of the Company,  its major subsidiaries,  the  Company Secretary  and  professional  advisors are required to adhere  to  the  Policy,  which  has  been  approved  by  the Board. In terms of the JSE LR, the Company is required to promptly announce all relevant dealings in the securities of the Company. The policy is available on the Company's website .

## IV. Sustainability and ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance)

## Sustainability Strategy and Commitments

In recognition of the growing importance of responsible and sustainable business behaviour, the Board remains committed to good corporate citizenship and considering the impact of the Group's operations on the community and the environment in which it operates.

The IAR outlines how an organisation creates value over time, through various capitals that include the traditional financial capital always reported on.

These capitals represent stores of value that can be built up, transformed or run down over time in the production of goods  or services. Their availability, quality and affordability  can  affect the long-term  viability of  an organisation's  business  model  and  its  ability  to  create value.

The &lt;IR&gt; Framework and King IV™ identifies six capitals of value:

- Financial
- Manufactured
- Intellectual
- Human
- Social and relationship
- Natural

<!-- image -->

Conduit Capital considered the uses or effects of all six capitals when preparing this integrated report. Given the nature  of  Conduit's  operations,  only  four  of  the  six capitals  are  of  sufficient  consequence  to  be  reported: financial,  human,  social  and  intellectual  capitals.  The manufactured and natural capitals are excluded at this time, since Conduit has limited exposure to these.

We adopt a holistic and long-term approach to sustainability, acknowledging and acting on the importance  of  environmental  and  social  sustainability, while first prioritising the commercial viability and sustainability of  the Group  in  creating  value  for  all stakeholders,  now  and  in  the  future.  To  this  end,  we ensure  that  all  our  operational  activities  comply  with industry  regulations  and  are  conducted  responsibly  to safeguard our employees, communities and environment where we operate.

## Environmental Initiatives

The purpose of ESG Reporting is to build Investor interest by ensuring sustainability performance and disclosure.

By completing an Impact Analysis, the Company considers  which  of  the  elements  in  terms  of  the  ESG Standards are most applicable to the Group's environment and business strategy and which elements to focus our Goals on.

The ESG goals that are relevant to the Group are:

## Planet

- 7 - Affordable and clean energy
- 12 - Responsible consumption and production
- 13 - Climate action

## Society

- 3 - Good health and well
- 9 - Industry, innovation and infrastructure
- 10 - Reduced inequalities

## Governance &amp; Public Sector

- 5 - Gender equality
- 8 - Decent work and economic growth
- 16 - Peace, justice and strong institutions
- 17 - Partnerships for the goals

## Social Impact and Responsibility

Generous giving and community support is central to the Group  culture.  The  COVID-19  pandemic  exacerbated social  welfare  needs  throughout  South  Africa  where lockdown measures led to job losses and deeper poverty. Conduit and its subsidiaries made donations and contributed  other  forms  of  support  to  the  following organisations:

- Ethembeni Trust
- Operation Healing Hands
- Insurance Institute of Gauteng (IIG)
- eStudy

Conduit continues to identify initiatives for the Group to support.

## ESG Performance Metrics

Conduit is an investment holding company with limited operations, its head office comprises only  five full-time employees who are fully remote (work-from-home).

Conduit and its employees continuously aim to reduce their  environmental  footprint  to  promote  sustainability through various means such as:

## Reducing  air  and  ground  travel  to limit  our  carbon footprint by:

- Making use of virtual electronic means for meetings
- Holding results presentations, investor presentations and  other  meetings  by  way  of  virtual  electronic means

## Reduce paper usage significantly through:

- Utilising meeting portal software and other electronic means instead of printing out large hardcopy information packs
- Significantly reducing the financial results in printed media
- Conducting  internal  communication  electronically, including placing staff manuals and policy documents online

Conservation of water and electricity through not having an office space.

Minimisation of waste and energy through:

- Recycling paper and other recyclable products, including plastics
- Encouraging a paperless environment
- Turning off all unused equipment and lights
- Using low energy light bulbs, where possible
- Reusing paper and refilling ink cartridges

## B-BBEE

The Group achieved a Level 3 B-BBEE rating in 2022 and the Group's B-BBEE rating for the 2022 financial year was again  verified  by  BDO  Verification  Services.    Conduit Capital reports to the Social and Ethics Committees, to further develop and enhance the transformation strategy and to build on what has been achieved in terms of our strategy. The consolidated Conduit Capital scorecard and certificate is available on the Company's website .

## Health and Safety

The health and safety of our employees, partners and the communities in which we operate is paramount. We are dedicated  to  fostering  a  culture  of  health  and  safety excellence.

The Company's commitment to health and safety reflects our  dedication  to  maintaining  a  safe  and  healthy  work environment and our promise to protect the well-being of all  individuals  affected  by  our  operations.  Together,  we will continue to ensure a workplace where every employee can thrive without compromising their health and safety.

## Code of Conduct

Our Code of Conduct sets clear standards of behaviour for everyone at Conduit Capital, whether they are directors, executive management, or employees, regardless of their role or location. It provides a framework  to  guide  their  decisions  and  actions.  This Code of Conduct fosters an organisational culture where our people can respond appropriately in different situations and be responsible for their choices.

As individuals entrusted with governance responsibilities in the Company, all directors and executive management must adhere to the Code of Conduct established by the Institute of Directors. This code includes:

- Acting  in  the  Company's  best  interests  with  care, skill, diligence and courage.
- Taking responsibility for the Company's actions and assets, ensuring it stays on its strategic path.
- Being accountable to stakeholders for the Company's decisions and actions.
- Treating stakeholders fairly by considering the legitimate interests of those affected by the Company.
- Being transparent by sharing information that allows stakeholders to hold the Company accountable and provide a comprehensive view of the Company's past performance and its potential for future value creation.

## V. Risk Management

## Risk Identification and Assessment

While  we  remain  committed  to  increasing  shareholder value by developing and growing our business within our predetermined risk appetite, we keep the interests of all our stakeholders in mind. We  seek  to achieve an appropriate  balance  between  risk  and  reward  in  our business  and  continue  to  build  and  enhance  the  risk management  capabilities  that  assist  in  delivering  our growth plans in a controlled environment.

<!-- image -->

Effective risk management is integral to the Company's objective of consistently adding value to the business. It is particularly important to determine how much uncertainty  to  accept,  as  uncertainty  present  both  risk and opportunity, with the potential to erode or enhance value.

Conduit Capital's risk  management  philosophy  and appetite  is  set  and  overseen  by  the  Board.  The  Board regularly considers  the  Group's  risk appetite in the context of the regulatory environment, Conduit's culture, the sectors in which the Company operates and its top strategic risks.

This risk management approach limits adverse variations in earnings and capital by managing risk exposures within agreed levels of risk appetite and tolerance.

Risk management is implemented through policies, limits and operational guidelines, as well as methodologies and tools  for  risk  assessment,  monitoring  and  reporting, which  forms  the  risk  management  framework.  Risk assessment and management processes are in place to ensure  that  every  business  within  the  Company  takes responsibility for the management of its risks, to encourage proactive action when faced with risks as well as opportunities.

## KEY AND MATERIAL RISKS

The four main types of risk that the Group encounter are:

- strategic;
- compliance (regulatory);
- operational; and
- reputational risk.

These  risks  can  be  caused  by  factors  that  are  both external and internal to the Group.

The following key and material macro-economic, strategic,  and  operational  risks  have  been  identified  for the Company:

## Negative impact of regulatory change and scrutiny

We consider the emerging and evolving regulations in our business  and  create  frameworks  to  respond  quickly. Conduit Capital views mandatory  compliance  as  a business  enabler,  one  that  could  be  leveraged  as  a competitive advantage over peers if changes are effectively addressed.

## Capital and liquidity constraints may restrict growth

The  Group  implements  controlled  cash  management systems including:

- decreasing spending
- focusing on cash inflows
- diminishing working capital
- improving financial structures and funding options.

## Economic conditions muting growth

12

Conduit  Capital  conducts  rigorous  stress tests  and considers hypothetical scenarios to assess the Group's ability  to  weather  an  economic  downturn.  Scenarioplanning helps to improve efficiency and productivity and assists in finding investment alternatives.

## Operational risks

Operational  risks  faced  by  the  Group,  which  are  being monitored by management, include:

- resistance to changing operations
- cyberthreats
- privacy/identity management and information security
- succession challenges in attracting and retaining top talent
- adopting digital technologies may require new skills or significant effort to upskill or reskill existing employees

## CONSTANTIA RISK AND INSURANCE HOLDINGS ('CRIH')

## Principle risks

CICL  is  Conduit's  largest  operating  investment  as  at 30  June  2022.  The  CRIH  Group  operates  autonomously with its own board, management and business strategy. Nevertheless,  CRIH's  risks,  opportunities  and  material matters influence Conduit.

CRIH's top enterprise-wide risks, considered to be of the most immediate significance, are:

- Section 50 Transfer
- Reputational and contagion risk
- People risk
- Data and reporting risk
- Capital and liquidity management

## Risk Mitigation Strategies

The  Audit  and  Risk  Committee  assists  the  Board  in fulfilling  its  fiduciary  responsibilities  in  respect  of  the governance of the Group's risk tolerance and risk appetite. The Board recognises that risk management is a critical  management  tool  to  ensure  that  the  Group achieves its objectives.

The  Audit  and  Risk  Committee,  in  conjunction  with management  has  therefore  been  mandated  with  the specific objective of identifying those risks and implementing  policies  to  combat  and  mitigate  them through  the  development  of  a  risk  register  and  the development and annual review of the policies and plans for risk management. Furthermore, ensuring a comprehensive  system  of  controls  ensuring  that  these risks are mitigated, in order to recommend these to the Board for approval.

## Cybersecurity and Data Protection

Conduit  Capital  is  committed  to  cybersecurity  as  a fundamental pillar of our operations and a cornerstone of our responsibility to our stakeholders. We recognise the critical  role  that  cybersecurity  plays  in  protecting  our

<!-- image -->

assets,  data,  and  the  privacy  of  those  we  serve.  Our commitment  to  cybersecurity  is  unwavering,  and  we understand that it is integral to our success and reputation.

## Regulatory Compliance

## COMPLIANCE

Conduit  Capital  has  not  hired  a  dedicated  compliance officer because it can access corporate finance and tax advisory  expertise  through  independent  advice  from third-party  consultants. Some of Conduit's investments are  in  highly  regulated  industries  and  have  their  own dedicated  compliance  officers  and  support  systems  in place.

Conduit  has  set  up  a  compliance  framework  to  raise awareness  and  maintain  a  continuous  emphasis  on compliance within the organisation. This framework also offers guidance for monitoring and ensuring compliance with relevant laws, policies, standards, and regulations. In line with accepted practices for compliance management,  Conduit  follows  specific  phases  in  the compliance process. Conduit is committed to ensuring high  level  compliance  across  all  its  business  units  and strives to promote and build a culture of compliance with applicable acts, regulations and policies. The framework sets out how compliance management is implemented and the approach that Conduit has adopted to manage compliance risk.

## LEGAL AND REGULATORY LANDSCAPE

The  Group  has  established  a  Governance  Progression Matrix which ensures adherence to the requisite legislation  and  regulation  that  affect  the  Company's operations. The matrix is reviewed on a quarterly basis to ensure  the  most  recent  information  is  included  and applied.

## PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION ('POPI')

From 1 July 2021, the Protection of Personal Information Act (POPIA) came into full effect. The law is designed to protect  how  all  stakeholder  data  is  used,  stored  and processed. The Conduit Capital POPI Policy is available on the Company's website .

## VI. Human Resources and Talent

## Workforce Profile

Conduit Capital recognises the importance of diversity, including gender, race, nationality, age, background and education, at all levels of the Group. We are committed to increasing  diversity  and  transformation  across  all  our operations.

## Employee Development and Training

Conduit Capital recognises that  our  employees are our most  valuable  asset.  We  are  committed  to  fostering  a culture of  continuous  learning  and  development  to empower our workforce, enhance their skills, and drive both personal and organisational growth. Our commitment  to  employee  development  and  training  is unwavering.

Our  dedication  to  the  growth  and  development  of  our employees and our commitment to maintaining a competitive edge in the dynamic business environment. Together, we will create a culture of learning, innovation, and excellence, driving both individual and organisational success.

## Diversity and Inclusion

The Group is an equal opportunity employer and there is no discrimination on the basis of ethnic origin or gender in any manner. A number of programmes are in place to ensure  that  the  Group's  employee  profile  will  become increasingly  representative  of  the  demographics  of  the regions in which  it operates  whilst maintaining  the Group's high standards.

## Transformation

Conduit  recognises  the  critical  role  that  the  B-BBEE strategy plays in the development and empowerment of historically  disadvantaged  individuals  in  South  Africa. Transformation is essential  to  the  economic  and  social sustainability of the country.

While Conduit's own staff compliment is small with a high retention rate, we work closely with Constantia (and other Group  entities)  on  the  Transformation  Plan  to  ensure maximum impact over time. All new appointments are in keeping with the Group's business strategy and are based on fairness and objectivity, having regard for competency and skills required.

Conduit's Transformation Plan is to develop a framework and  drive a strategy that will facilitate  the  optimal provision, organisation and deployment of staff so as to enable  the  Group  to  achieve  its  strategic  goals  and objectives. This includes the development of institutional and  business  systems  and  processes  to  support  the Group's development strategies and initiatives. The ultimate  goal  is  to  shift  the  culture  and  managerial practice.

## VII. Technology and Innovation

The Board, together with the Audit and Risk Committee, has  oversight  responsibility  for  information  technology (IT) governance and risk management. It is satisfied that

<!-- image -->

the  policies  and  procedures  in  place  address  systems and network architecture, applications, disaster recovery and security management.

The strategy to ensure all accounting systems are cloudbased applications.

The Board accepts responsibility for governing technology  and  information  in  a  way  that  supports  the Group in setting and achieving its strategic objectives and is supported in this area by the Audit and Risk Committee. The Audit and Risk Committee, based upon the reporting by management, is satisfied that IT are properly managed in  the  context  of  the  Group's  operations.  The  Audit  and Risk Committee has delegated responsibility to management for implementing the policies on IT management, and for embedding it into the day-to-day, medium-  and  long-term  decision-making  activities  and culture of the Group.

## VIII. Material Matters

The  business,  sustainability  and  success  are  informed and influenced by a range of internal and external factors, as well as the concerns raised by our stakeholders. These issues change over time as new trends and developments shape  the  macro  environment,  while  our  stakeholders' needs evolve.

During the period under review, the executive management team considered all matters that affect the Group or may affect our ability to continue creating value. Having analysed the intricacies of the Group's operating environment and our stakeholders' expectations - within the  context  of  our  vision  and  mission  -  the  executive management  team  has  identified  the  material  matters described below.

## Constantia Insurance Company Limited ('CICL') Liquidation

On 26 July 2022 Conduit's largest operating subsidiary at the time, CICL, was placed under provisional curatorship by the Prudential Authority and restricted new business. Several  attempts  were  made  to  challenge  the  decision made by the Prudential Authority and the FSCA, however to no avail. On 14 September 2022, CICL was placed into liquidation and was confirmed as such in the High Court on the same day. The appointed liquidators continue to manage  the  winding-up  of  CICL.  Currently  there  is  no certainty yet as to when CICL will be wound up.

As  a  result  of  the  CICL  liquidation,  this  has  had  a significant impact on Conduit Capital Group.

14

## Conduit Capital Operations and Prospects

Conduit Capital has successfully worked through most of the  operational  challenges  posed  by  the  liquidation  of CICL  and  has  been  able  to  secure  the  services  of  key individuals  to  ensure  the  continued  operations  of  the business. Details concerning changes to the Board were published on the Stock Exchange News Service ('SENS') and on our website .

Management  continues  to  implement  the  business' short-term  strategy  of  realising  assets  and  reducing operating expenses. Progress is regularly reviewed by the Board,  and  further  SENS  announcements regarding the progress will be published as and when required.

## IX. Statutory Committee Reports

## Report of the Audit and Risk Committee

The  Audit  and  Risk  Committee  ('the  Committee')  is guided by the Companies Act, the JSE LR as well as King IV™. The Committee confirms that the Group has established  appropriate  financial  reporting  procedures, and these procedures are effective. The Committee has also satisfied itself that it has fulfilled its responsibilities and mandate in accordance with its Terms of Reference.

## PURPOSE

The purpose of the Audit and Risk Committee is to:

- assist the Board in discharging its duties relating to the safeguarding of assets, the operations of adequate  internal  systems,  controls  and  reporting processes, and the preparation of accurate reporting and  financial  statements  in  compliance  with  the applicable legal requirements and accounting standards;
- provide  a  forum  for  discussion  risk,  control  issues and developing recommendations for consideration by the Board;
- oversee the activities of the external audit; and
- perform the duties that are required in terms of the Companies Act.

## COMPOSITION &amp; MEMBERSHIP

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Committee  comprised  three independent non-executive directors, namely Nonzukiso Siyotula (Chairman), Ronald Napier and Melvyn Lubega.

As  at  30  June  2023,  the  Committee  comprised  two independent  non-executive  directors,  namely  Christian Solberg (Chairman), Melvyn Lubega and one nonindependent non-executive, Leo Chou.

As  at  30  August  2024,  the  Committee  comprises  three independent  non-executive  directors,  namely  Christian Solberg (Chairman), Melvyn Lubega and Geoffrey Hacking. The qualifications and a brief CV of the current members  of  the  Committee  appear  on  page  27  of  the integrated report.

The attention of shareholders is specifically drawn to the dual  roles  of  Mr  Lubega  as  independent  non-executive director  and  chairperson  of  the  Company  and  as  a member of the Audit and Risk Committee.

The  Group  Financial  Director,  other  directors,  senior financial executives and representatives from the internal and external auditors attend meetings by invitation.

The  external  auditors  have  unrestricted  access  to  the members  of  the  Committee  and  its  Chairperson,  and during the year, time was allocated for the Committee and the  external  audit  representatives  to  meet  without  the executive management team present.

## JSE PROACTIVE MONITORING

As a key area of focus for the Committee, it recognises that the objective of the JSE's process of reviewing annual financial statements and interim results is both to ensure the  integrity  of  financial  information  and  to  contribute towards  the  production  of  quality  financial  reporting  of entities listed on its market.

The committee has considered the JSE's latest Proactive Monitoring Report and considered the content of previous reports issued and taken appropriate action  where necessary.

## EXTERNAL AUDIT AND INDEPENDENCE

The  Committee  has  satisfied  itself  that  the  external auditor of the Group, Nexia SAB&amp;T, is independent. The requisite assurance was sought from and provided by the external auditors to support their claim to independence.

In  conducting its  duties,  the  Committee has performed the following statutory duties relating to external audit:

- recommended Nexia SAB&amp;T who, in  the  opinion  of the Committee, is independent of the Group, to the shareholders for appointment as the external auditors and Group audit engagement partner respectively  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  June 2022.  The  designated  audit  partner  is  Mr  Fazel Sulaman, which appointment was approved by the Board.
- ensured that the appointment of the external auditors complies with the provisions of the Companies Act, the  Independent  Regulatory  Board  Auditors  (IRBA) and any other legislation relating to the appointment of auditors.
- ensured that a formal policy is in place to govern the process whereby the external auditors of the Group are  considered  and  appointed  to  provide  non-audit

services. In terms of the Group's policy, the Committee is responsible for determining the nature and extent to any non-audit services that the external auditors may provide and pre-approves any proposed contract with the external auditors for the provision of non-audit services. The Committee is satisfied that it has  adhered  to  this  policy  in  all  respects  for  the period under review.

- the  Committee,  in  consultation  with  the  executive management,  agreed  to  the  auditors'  engagement letter, audit plan and budgeted audit fees for the year under review, taking into consideration such factors as  the  timing  of  the  audit,  the  extent  of  the  work required and the scope.
- the  Committee  approved  the  annual  audit  plan presented  by  the  external  auditors  and  monitored progress  against  the  plan,  which  is  designed  to provide management with the necessary assurance on risk management, the internal control environment and IT governance.
- the  Committee  is  comfortable  that  the  external auditors  and the designated audit partner have not exceeded their mandatory rotation periods which are set at ten and five years respectively.
- the Committee has satisfied itself with the quality of the audit performed.
- nominated  Nexia  SAB&amp;T  for  re-appointment  by  the shareholders  at  the  annual  general  meeting  as  the Group's external auditors for the 2023 financial year.
- considered  and  satisfied  itself  of  the  information provided by the audit firm and individual auditor in its assessment of the suitability for the appointment of the external auditors and the audit partner, in accordance  with  paragraph  3.84(g)(ii)  of  the  JSE Listings Requirements. The Committee further reports  that  it  has  requested  and  reviewed  the information detailed in paragraph 3.84(g)(ii)(aa)-(dd) of  the  JSE  Listings  Requirements  provided  by  the external auditors in their assessment of the suitability of appointment of the Group's external auditor.

## EXPERTISE  AND  EXPERIENCE  OF  THE  FINANCIAL DIRECTOR AND FINANCE FUNCTION

The  Committee  has  satisfied  itself  that  the  Financial Director  has  the  appropriate  expertise  and  experience. The Committee has considered and satisfied itself of the appropriateness of the expertise and adequacy of resources of the finance function and experience of the senior  members  of  management  responsible  for  the finance function.

The  Committee  has  confirmed  that  the  Company  has, with consideration to all entities included in the consolidated Group IFRS financial statements, established  appropriate  financial  reporting  procedures and that those procedures are operating to ensure that it has access to all financial information of the Group,  to allow the Group to effectively prepare and report on the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## INTERNAL  FINANCIAL  CONTROL  AND  ACCOUNTING SYSTEM

The Committee evaluates the Company's financial controls and accounting systems, including those of its wholly owned  subsidiaries. It ensures that Conduit Capital  has  established  appropriate  financial  reporting procedures  and  that  those  procedures  are  operating, which include consideration of all entities included in the consolidated  Group  IFRS  statements,  to  ensure  it  has access  to  all  the  financial  information  of  the  Group  to allow the Company to effectively prepare and report on its financial  statements.  They  review  reports  from  internal audits,  assess  management-provided  information,  and discuss audit results with the internal auditors, MooreJHB. Based on their assessment, they believe the internal  financial  controls  are  effective  for  preparing accurate financial statements. Additionally, they receive reports on combined assurance processes and measures for preventing corruption and fraud. The Executives on the boards  are  responsible  for  ensuring  effective  internal controls are in place and followed.

## OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES

In addition to its statutory responsibilities, the Committee has executed its responsibilities in accordance with the Terms of Reference.

## CONCLUSION

The Committee has fulfilled its statutory duties in terms of section 94(7)(f) of the Companies Act, 3.84(g) of the JSE LR  and  Principles  10,  11,  12,  13  and  15  of  King  IV™ compliance. The Committee has complied with its legal and regulatory responsibilities for the 2022 financial year.

<!-- image -->

Christian Solberg Director

Cape Town 21 August 2024

## Report of the Social and Ethics Committee

The  Social  and  Ethics  Committee  ('the  Committee') assists  the  Board  in  overseeing  and  reporting  on  the Company's  corporate  citizenship,  compliance,  ethics, sustainability and stakeholder relationships. This report is prepared in terms of the requirements of the Companies Act  and  King  IV™.  It  furthermore  describes, among other things, the manner in which the Committee has discharged its  statutory  responsibilities  in  terms  of the  Companies  Act  and  its  additional  responsibilities assigned to it by the Board in respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

## PURPOSE

The Committee's responsibilities are within the Company's mandate, as set out in its Terms of Reference, which is aligned to the Committee's statutory responsibilities as set out in the Companies Act.

The main objectives of the  Committee are to assist the Board in monitoring the Group's performance in respect of ethics, responsible corporate citizenship, sustainable development, compliance and stakeholder relationships. This  is  done  by, inter  alia, monitoring  the  sustainable development  practices  of  the  Group  as  set  out  below, thereby assisting the Board in achieving its objectives of doing business ethically and sustainably.

The Committee is thus satisfied that it has fulfilled all its duties  in  accordance  with  its  yearly  programme,  as further detailed below.

## COMPOSITION &amp; MEMBERSHIP

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Committee  comprised  two independent non-executive directors and one executive director, namely Nonzukiso Siyotula (Chairperson), Ronald Napier and Sean Riskowitz.

As  at  31  December  2023,  the  Committee  currently comprise two independent non-executive directors, namely Geoffrey Hacking (Chairman) and Melvyn Lubega and one executive director, namely Leo Chou.

## MONITORING OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT PRACTICES

In fulfilment of its statutory responsibilities, the Committee  has  reviewed  the  sustainable  development practices of the Group.

The Committee's oversight role also includes the monitoring of any relevant legislation, other legal requirements or prevailing codes of best practice, specifically with regard to matters relating to social and economic development, good corporate citizenship, employment equity, the environment, health and public safety,  consumer  relationships,  as  well  as  labour  and employment and overall Environmental, Social and

<!-- image -->

Governance  (ESG)  matters.  Details  are  included  in  the Sustainability Report on pages 10 to 12.

## CONCLUSION

The  main  objective  of  the  Committee  is  to  assist  the Board in monitoring the Group's fulfilment of its obligations to function as a good and responsible corporate citizen. The Committee is satisfied that it has fulfilled all its duties during the year under review.

<!-- image -->

Geoff Hacking Director

Cape Town 21 August 2024

## Remuneration Report

The Remuneration Report sets out the Group's Remuneration  Policy  and  Implementation  Report  for executive directors and non-executive directors' remuneration for the 2022 financial year and is presented in three parts:

- Background which provides context to the Remuneration Policy and performance;
- Overview of the forward-looking Remuneration Policy applicable in the 2023 financial year; and
- Implementation  Report  which  provides  the  current policy as implemented during the year under review.

## BACKGROUND

Conduit Capital's remuneration philosophy is guided by its  business  strategy,  namely  a  long-term  approach  to deliver value in a sustainable manner.

The  philosophy  is  that  quality  people  are  given  the opportunity to perform and are rewarded for the success they create for the benefit of Conduit's shareholders and other stakeholders. The general philosophy is one of fixed remuneration, a short-term cash bonus component that is linked to performance metrics for which the employee is directly responsible for achieving and long-term equity compensation.  Conduit  seeks  owner  managers  with  a vested interest in the success of the Group over the long term.

Conduit  has  input  in  the  remuneration  structure  of  all Conduit employees with governance and authority vesting in the Remuneration Committee ('Remco') and in turn the Board.

The Remuneration  Policy has the following primary objectives:

- To  provide  flexible  and  competitive  remuneration structures that are referenced to appropriate market benchmarks, conform to market best practice, and are tailored to specific circumstances within Conduit and its subsidiaries in order to attract, motivate and retain highly skilled directors, executives and employees.
- For remuneration to be fair and appropriate, having regard  for  the  performance  of  the  Group  and  the relevant director/s, executive/s and/or employees.
- To motivate directors, executives and employees to pursue  the  long-term  and  sustainable  profitable growth and success of the Group within an appropriate control framework.
- Ensure that excessive or inappropriate risk taking is avoided and all activity is consistent with the longterm interests of the Group and the interests of all its stakeholders.
- To be consistent with the Group's Business and Risk Management  strategy  (including  Risk  Management practices) and performance.
- To  take  into  account  the  respective  roles  of  each person within the Group.
- To  provide  for  a  clear,  transparent  and  effective governance structure around remuneration and the continuous oversight of the Policy.
- Where remuneration includes both fixed and variable components, the variable component is based on a combination of the assessment of the individual and the collective performance, such as the performance of  the  business  area  and  the  overall  results  of  the Group, and the payment of the major part of variable remuneration, irrespective of the form in which it is to be paid, contains a longer-term focus that considers the nature and time horizon of the Group's strategy and  business  and  ensures  that  there  is  alignment with  the  expectations  of  shareholders  (including stakeholders).
- Ensures that in defining an individual's performance, financial and non-financial performance is considered.

## REMUNERATION POLICY

The Policy serves to assist Remco in the determination of remuneration paid to directors, executives and employees. Remco is required to approve salary increases and annual merit awards based on the achievement of set targets.

The Policy sets the guidelines within which Remco, the Board and, in turn, the subsidiary Remco's and boards are authorised to enter into agreements concerning performance related remuneration for its executive directors, senior employees and employees. This is with a view to being able to attract, develop and retain competent key individuals who  contribute  to  improving the  earnings  and  value  creation  of  the  Group  for  the benefit of all stakeholders.

Remco recently considered and recommended approval of  certain  'in  principle'  enhancements  to  the  Conduit remuneration policy. These 'in principle' enhancements were mainly motivated by the continuing desire to drive and align performance with sustainable, long-term value creation. The Board approved the 'in principle' enhancements  and  the  Executives  are  responsible  for implementation. Formal implementation shall have regard to the practical implications associated with each principle, subject to compliance with the many legal and regulatory aspects which accompany enhancements of this nature including, where applicable, Board, JSE and/or shareholder approval of all specifics.

The 'in principle' enhancements, intended for implementation during the 2022/2023 fiscal year and/or once all the current transactions have been successfully implemented  and/or  where  practically  applicable,  are summarised as follows:

- In order to more  closely align the interests of Executives with shareholders and other stakeholders: The ability for Directors and Executives

to  receive their annual fixed and/or variable ( where appropriate ) pay in the form of Conduit shares. It is the  intention  for  the  individual  to  elect  to  receive his/her compensation in the form of cash or shares or a combination thereof, which election will be unique to the individual concerned.

- In order to drive a culture of continuous improvement:  Adjusting  Investment  Returns  and/or NAV  to  include  a  high  watermark.  Where  variable remuneration  (STIs  and  LTIs)  are  earned  for  the additional (or cumulative increase) returns over and above the previous high watermark.
- In order to drive a longer-term and sustainable focus on  performance:  Adjusting  the  LTI  measurement period from a three-year rolling measurement period to a five-year rolling measurement period.
- In  order  to  align  with  trending  market  practice  in governance:  The  introduction  of  a  Malus  and  Claw back policy in certain circumstances as determined by  Remco  and  in  turn  the  Board,  affecting  variable pay (STI and LTI).
- The introduction and replacement of the existing LTI Scheme with the Accelerated Buy-in ('ABI') Structure. In essence, ABI is an innovative mechanism  to  effectively  align  management  with shareholder interests. This structure is directly linked to company performance and not necessarily share price.

The  aforementioned  principles  will  be  developed  and expanded upon in future integrated reports.

## IMPLEMENTATION REPORT

The implementation of the Policy is managed in terms of Remco's  terms  of  reference  and  approved  Levels  of Authority, as adopted by the Board. Where the Levels of Authority do not adequately address any particular control or management function contained in the Policy, the approval or implementation thereof must be signed off by no less than two executive directors.

Remco  has  been  established  in  accordance  with  the provisions  of  the  JSE  LR  and  the  principles  of  King  IV™. Remco comprises only independent non-executive directors who bring independent thought and scrutiny to all aspects of the Group's remuneration policy.

Remco is responsible for adopting remuneration policies and practices in accordance with its terms of reference. The  policies  and  practices  are  approved  by  the  Board, regularly reviewed and aligned with the Group's objectives.

The  executive  directors  have  service  agreements  ('the service agreements') in place in order to:

- ensure continuity and retention;
- provide the Group and the executive with protection; and
- reflect operational and labour law best practice.

The service agreements contain restraint of trade provisions in terms of which the executive directors, at the Group's election,  are restrained  from competing  (either directly or indirectly) with the Group during their employment and for a period of up to two years after the termination  of  their  employment  with  the  Group.  If  the restraint  is  enforced,  the  executive  will  be  remunerated for the restraint period after the termination date.

In addition, some service agreements contain minimum employment periods ranging between two and four years, whereafter the service agreements continue indefinitely. In the event of the Group terminating a service agreement for any reason other than misconduct, prior to the expiry of the minimum employment period, the Group is liable to  pay  the  executive  for  the  remainder  of  the  minimum employment  period.  Reciprocally,  in  the  event  of  the executive  resigning  prior  to  the  expiry  of  the  minimum employment  period,  the  executive is liable for the penalties contained in the service agreement.

Should the executive resign from the Group after expiry of the  minimum employment period, a six months' notice period is applicable. The executive is remunerated in full during the notice period.

Conduit has input into the remuneration structure of all Conduit  employees  and  the  heads  of  the  wholly  or majority owned subsidiaries with governance and authority vesting in Remco  and  in  turn  the Board. Compensation/remuneration at subsidiary level is delegated  to Remco  and  in  turn  the board  of the subsidiary.

Executive compensation takes the form of:

- a basic salary and benefits which include Group life cover,  permanent  health  insurance/disability  cover, funeral  cover,  education  protector  cover,  AIDS/HIV cover and long service awards.
- a short-term incentive bonus based on the matrix of performance  outcomes  which  includes  an  annual cash payment based on basic salary on the achievement of certain targets. The short-term incentive bonus is tailored to the performance of an individual  measured  by  performance  criteria  over which he or she has influence. There is a maximum payout  in  any  one  year,  but  no  minimum.  Remco retains the authority to pay discretionary bonuses to executives under appropriate circumstances.

Remco has not endorsed any enhancements to the STI in 2022/2023 fiscal year.

- a long-term cash and equity incentive also based on a matrix of performance outcomes which includes a 50% cash and 50% equity bonus based on performance metrics that will ultimately be calculated  on  a  three-year  rolling  basis  (i.e.  the incentives for 2020 and 2021 will be calculated based on an annual and two-year rolling basis, respectively). Shares will be purchased on market by the company  to  fulfil its obligation. There  is a

maximum payout in any one year, but no minimum. Remco  retains  the  authority  to  pay  discretionary bonuses to executives under special circumstances.

- Each of the executives' (other than the Chief Executive  Officer)  combined  short-  and  long-term incentive for any one year can range between 0% and 90% of the basic annual salary. The Chief Executive Officer's combined short- and long-term incentive for any one year can range between 0% and 202.5% of his basic annual salary.

Remco has not endorsed any new LTI scheme to be developed and implemented during 2022/2023 fiscal year.

Compensation  should  be  as  simple  as  possible  and  is unique to each executive.

The  Group's  policy  on  remuneration  for  non-executive directors is that, as a guideline, it should:

- be market-related, having regard for the fees paid and number  of meetings attended by non-executive directors of Groups or companies of similar size and structure and operating in similar sectors;
- not be linked to Conduit's share price or performance;
- consider market norms and practices, as well as the additional responsibilities placed on Board members by existing and new legislation and corporate governance principles; and
- be  reviewed  and  recommended  to  the  Board  and approved, in advance, by shareholders at the AGM.

In addition, non-executive directors' remuneration shall:

- be  subject  to  an  annual  increase  which  is  partly determined by the Group's average increases for its employees  and  subject  to  Board  and  shareholder approval;
- be limited to a fee;
- not include any additional benefits; and
- specifically exclude the participation by nonexecutive directors in any Conduit share scheme.

It is recognised that Board and Committee Chairpersons undertake  additional  Board  work  to  that  undertaken  by non-executive  directors  and  for  this  reason,  may  be remunerated at a different level.

Details  of  the  remuneration  paid  to  executive  directors and non-executive directors are contained in note 42 on page 94 of the integrated report.

Details  of  directors'  shareholding  in  Conduit  and  their interest in share options are contained in note 50 on page 121 &amp; 122 of the integrated report.

In  terms  of  King  IV™,  the  Remuneration  Policy  and  the Implementation  Report  must  be  tabled  every  year  for separate non-binding advisory votes by shareholders at the annual general meeting. Should 25% or more of the votes cast be against one or both of these resolutions, the

<!-- image -->

Company undertakes to engage with shareholders as to the reasons therefore and undertakes to take account of recommendations in terms of the feedback received.

## CONCLUSION

Remco is satisfied that Conduit's remuneration policy is suitable for the Group and is satisfied that it has fulfilled its responsibilities in accordance  with  its Terms  of Reference for the period under review.

Melvyn Lubega Director

<!-- image -->

Johannesburg 21 August 2024

## Company Secretary's Certificate

Pursuant to our duties in terms of Section 88(2)(e) of the Companies Act of South Africa, we verify that to the best of our knowledge and belief the Company has fulfilled all such  returns  and  notices  as  are  required  of  a  public company in terms of the Companies Act, and that all such returns are true, correct and up to date.

<!-- image -->

CIS COMPANY SECRETARIES PROPRIETARY LIMITED Company Secretary

Johannesburg 21 August 2024

## X. Notice of Virtual Annual General Meeting

## CONDUIT CAPITAL LIMITED

('Conduit Capital' or 'the Company' or 'the Group')

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa (Registration number 1998/017351/06)

Share code: CND ISIN: ZAE000073128

## This notice is important and requires your immediate attention

If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take in respect of the following resolutions, please consult your Central Securities Depository Participant ('CSDP'), broker, banker, legal adviser, accountant or other professional adviser immediately.

## NOTICE  TO  SHAREHOLDERS  OF  ANNUAL  GENERAL MEETING ('AGM')

Notice is hereby given that  the  AGM of  shareholders of Conduit Capital will be conducted entirely by electronic communication as permitted by section  63(2)(a)  of  the Companies  Act,  2008  (Act  71  of  2008),  as  amended (' Companies  Act ')  and  clause  21  of  the  Company's memorandum  of  incorporation  (' MOI ') at 14:00  on Tuesday, 1 October 2024 to consider and, if deemed fit, to  pass,  with  or  without  modification,  the  ordinary  and special  resolutions  set  out  hereafter  in  the  manner required by the Companies Act and the Listings Requirements of the JSE Limited (' JSE ').

The board of directors of the Company (" the Board ") has determined that, in terms of section 62(3)(a), as read with section 59 of the Companies Act, the record date for the purposes of determining which Conduit Capital shareholders  are  entitled  to  receive  the  notice  of  AGM (' Notice ') is Friday, 23 August 2024 .

The  record  date  for  the  purpose  of  determining  which Conduit Capital shareholders are entitled to participate in and  vote  at  the  AGM  is Friday,  20  September  2024 . Accordingly,  the  last  day  to  trade  in  Conduit  Capital shares in order to be recorded in the securities register of the Company to be entitled to attend, participate in and vote at the AGM is Tuesday, 17 September 2024 .

## ACTION BY SHAREHOLDERS

Shareholders entitled to attend and vote at the AGM may appoint  one  or  more  proxies  to  attend,  speak  and  vote thereat in their stead. A proxy need not be a shareholder of  Conduit  Capital.  A  form  of  proxy  which  provides instructions  for  its  completion  is  enclosed  herewith. Completion  of  a  form  of  proxy  will  not  preclude  such shareholder from attending and voting (in preference to that shareholder's proxy) at the AGM.

Forms  of proxy must  be  completed  by  certificated shareholders  or 'own  name'  registered  dematerialised shareholders who wish to be represented at the AGM.

Dematerialised shareholders (not with  'own  name' registration)  must  notify  their  CSDP  or  broker  of  their intention  to  attend  the  AGM  in  order  for  such  CSDP  or broker to issue them  with the necessary letter of representation  to  enable  them  to  attend  the  AGM,  or, alternatively, should the dematerialised shareholder not wish to attend the AGM, they should provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions.

Forms  of  proxy  must  reach  the  Company's  Transfer Secretaries, Computershare Investor Services Proprietary  Limited,  at  proxy@computershare.co.za,  to be  received  by  them  by  no  later  than 14:00  on  Friday, 27 September 2024 (or  48  (forty-eight)  hours  excluding Saturdays,  Sundays  and  South  African  public  holidays, before  any  adjournments  of  the  AGM  which  date,  if necessary, will be notified on SENS). Thereafter, forms of proxy may be submitted to the Chairperson of the AGM at results@conduitcaital.co.za, before voting on a particular resolution commences.

In terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, before any person may attend or participate in the AGM, that person must present reasonably satisfactory identification  and the  person  presiding  at  the  AGM  must  be  reasonably satisfied that the right of the person to participate in and vote  at  the  AGM,  either  as  a  shareholder  of  Conduit Capital, or as a proxy for a shareholder of Conduit Capital, has been reasonably verified. Forms of identification that will  be  accepted  include  an  original  and  valid  identity document, driver's license or a valid passport.

On  a  poll,  ordinary  shareholders  will  have  one  vote  in respect of each share held.

## COMPANY'S TRANSFER SECRETARIES' DETAILS

Email: proxy@computershare.co.za companysecretarial@computershare.co.za

Physical: Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank

Postal: Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132

## ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION

The AGM will be conducted via MS Teams, enabling direct communication  with  the  Chairperson  of  the  AGM  and active participation for all shareholders.

Shareholders who want to join the AGM must:

- Fill out the Electronic Participation Application Form and email it to the Company's Transfer Secretaries.
- Provide suitable identification to participate.

The Transfer Secretaries will verify your eligibility for the AGM,  and  will,  once  registered,  share  a  MS  Teams meeting invitation with fully verified shareholders or their proxies.

Please join the AGM 10 minutes prior to the start of the meeting by clicking on the 'Join Meeting' link provided by the Transfer Secretaries or the Company Secretary.

If you experience any difficulties during (i) the registration, as described above or (ii) when trying to log into the AGM, please  contact  the  Company's  Transfer  Secretaries  via email  before 14:00  on  Tuesday,  1  October  2024 ,  for assistance.

Participants  will  be  responsible  for  their  own  network charges  for  electronic  participation  at  the  AGM.  The Company and Transfer Secretaries will not be responsible for  network  issues,  power  outages,  or  any  connectivity problems preventing participation.

## VOTING

Please note that the AGM's electronic platform does not allow real-time electronic voting during the meeting. To ensure your vote is counted, it's advised to complete the enclosed  proxy  form  and  submit  it  to  the  Company's Transfer  Secretaries  by  no  later  than 14:00  on  Friday, 27 September 2024 for administrative purposes.

Shareholders who choose not to participate at the AGM can  still  submit  their  completed  proxy  forms  to  the Company's Transfer Secretaries by no later than 12:00 on Tuesday, 1 October 2024 for administrative purposes.

Save for ordinary resolution number 7 contained in this Notice  of  AGM  which,  in  terms  of  the  JSE  Listings Requirements, requires the approval by at least 75% of votes  exercised  on  such  resolution  by  shareholders present  or  presented  by  proxy  at  the  AGM,  ordinary resolutions 1 to 8 contained in this Notice of AGM require the approval by more than 50% of the votes exercised on the resolutions by shareholders present or represented by proxy at this AGM, and further subject to the provisions of the  Companies  Act,  the  MOI  and the JSE Listings Requirements.

Special resolutions number 1 to 3 contained in this Notice of AGM require the approval of more than 75% of the votes exercised on the resolutions by shareholders present or represented by proxy at the AGM, and further subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, the MOI and the JSE Listings Requirements.

## AGENDA

## PRESENTATION OF AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

To present the audited financial statements of the Group and  the  Company  as  envisaged  in  section  30  of  the Companies Act, including the directors' report, external auditors' report and the Audit and Risk Committee report for the year ended 30 June 2022 as contained in the 2022 Integrated Annual Report available on the website .

## INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT, INCLUDING KING IV™ COMPLIANCE REPORT

To present this report as is contained on pages 6 to 8 of the 2022 Integrated Annual Report.

## REPORT FROM THE SOCIAL AND ETHICS COMMITTEE

To present this report, through one of its members, as is contained  on  page  17  of  the  2022  Integrated  Annual Report.

## ORDINARY AND SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS

## Ordinary resolution number 1

Adoption of annual financial statements

' Resolved  that the  annual  financial  statements  of  the Company, including the reports of the directors, auditor, the Audit and Risk Committee and the Social and Ethics Committee for the year ended 30 June 2022, be and are hereby received and adopted.'

## Ordinary resolution number 2

Ordinary  resolution  numbers  2.1  to  2.4:  Election of directors  -  The  appointment  Mr  Christian  Solberg,  Mr Geoff  Hacking,  Mr  Peter  Todd  and  Mr  Lourens  Louw  in terms of clause 26.8 of the MOI and, being eligible, offers themselves for election as non-executive directors of the Company.  The  board  of  directors  has  considered  Mr Solberg, Mr Hacking Mr Todd and Mr Louw's past performance  and  contribution  to  the  Company  and recommends  that  he  be  elected  as  a  director  of  the Company.

## Ordinary resolution 2.1

' Resolved  that the  election  of  Mr  Christian  Richard Solberg as an independent non-executive director to the Company be confirmed.' An abridged curriculum vitae of Mr Solberg is included in Annexure A to this notice.

## Ordinary resolution number 2.2

' Resolved that the election of Mr Geoffrey Edgar Bolton Hacking as an independent non-executive director to the Company be confirmed.' An abridged curriculum vitae of Mr Hacking is included in Annexure A to this notice.

## Ordinary resolution number 2.3

' Resolved that the election of Mr Peter Goeffrey Todd as an executive director to the Company be confirmed.' An abridged  curriculum  vitae  of  Mr  Todd  is  included  in Annexure A to this notice.

## Ordinary resolution number 2.4

' Resolved that the election of Mr Lourens Erasmus Louw as an executive director to the Company be confirmed.' An abridged curriculum vitae of Mr  Louw is included in Annexure A to this notice.

## Ordinary resolution 3

Ordinary resolution numbers 3.1 to 3.3: Appointment and re-appointment of members  of  the Audit and Risk Committee in terms of section 94(2) of the Companies Act

## Ordinary resolution number 3.1

' Resolved  that subject  to  the  approval  of  ordinary resolution number 2.1, Mr Christian Richard Solberg, an independent  non-executive  director,  be  appointed  as chairperson  and  as  a  member  of  the  Audit  and  Risk Committee.' An abridged curriculum vitae of Mr Solberg is included in Annexure A to this notice.

## Ordinary resolution number 3.2

' Resolved Mr  Melvyn  Lubega,  an  independent  nonexecutive director, be re-appointed as a member of the Audit and Risk Committee.' An abridged curriculum vitae of Mr Lubega is included in Annexure A to this notice.

The attention of shareholders is specifically drawn to the dual  roles  of  Mr  Lubega  as  independent  non-executive director  and  chairperson  of  the  Company  and  as  a member of the Audit and Risk Committee.

## Ordinary resolution number 3.3

' Resolved  that subject to the passing of ordinary resolution 2.2, Mr Geoffrey Edgar Bolton Hacking, a nonindependent  non-executive  director,  be  appointed  as  a member of the Audit and Risk Committee.' An abridged curriculum vitae of Mr Hacking is included in Annexure A to this notice.

## Explanatory note for ordinary resolutions 3.1 and 3.3

Shareholders should note that:

- Mr Ronald Stuart Napier has resigned as the chairman  of  the  Board  and  an  independent  nonexecutive director of the Company and member of the  Audit  and  Risk  Committee  with  effect  from 17 November 2022; and
- Ms Nonzukiso Siyotula resigned as the chairperson of the Audit and Risk Committee and an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 9 December 2022.

## Ordinary resolution number 4

Re-appointment of auditors

' Resolved  that Nexia  SAB&amp;T,  together  with  Mr  Fazel Sulaman, being the designated audit partner, be appointed as the auditors of the Company.'

The  Audit  and  Risk  Committee  has  nominated  Nexia SAB&amp;T for appointment as auditors of the Company under section  90  of  the  Companies  Act.  The  Audit  and  Risk Committee  has  evaluated  the  performance  of  Nexia SAB&amp;T  and  recommends  their  re-appointment  as  the external auditors of the Group  in  accordance  with paragraph 3.84(g)(ii) of the JSE Listings Requirements.

## Ordinary resolution number 5

Ordinary resolution number 5.1: Approval of Remuneration Policy

' Resolved that , through a non-binding advisory vote, the Remuneration Policy of the Company, the salient features of which are set out in the Directors' Remuneration Policy contained on pages 18 &amp; 19 of the integrated report, be and is hereby approved.'

Ordinary resolution number 5.2: Approval of Remuneration Report

' Resolved that , through a non-binding advisory vote, the Remuneration Report of the Company, the salient features of which is set out in the Directors' Implementation Report contained on page 19 &amp; 20 of the integrated report, be and is hereby approved'.

## Explanatory note for ordinary resolutions 5.1 and 5.2

In  accordance  with  the  King  IV  Report  on  Corporate Governance,  ordinary  resolutions  5.1  and  5.2  mandate the presentation of the Company's Remuneration Policy and the Implementation Report to shareholders at each AGM. Each of the Remuneration Policy and Implementation  report  are  subject  to  separate  nonbinding  advisory  votes.  Failing  to  pass  the  resolutions won't  result in  any  legal  consequences  for  existing arrangements.  If  either  the  Remuneration  Policy  or  the Implementation Report, or both, receive a vote of 25% or more against them, the Board will engage with shareholders to understand their concerns and address legitimate objections and issues.

## Ordinary resolution number 6

Control of authorised but unissued ordinary shares

' Resolved  that the  authorised  but  unissued  ordinary shares in the capital of the Company are hereby placed under the control and authority of the directors and that the directors be and are hereby authorised and empowered to allot and issue all or any of such ordinary shares, or to issue any options in respect of all or any of such ordinary shares, to such person/s on such terms and conditions and at such times as the directors may from time to time and in their discretion deem fit, subject to the provisions of sections 38 and 41 of the Companies Act, the MOI of the Company and the JSE Listings Requirements, as amended from time to time.'

## Ordinary resolution number 7

General issue of shares for cash

' Resolved that the directors of the Company and/or its subsidiaries from time to time be and are hereby authorised, by way of a general authority, to:

- allot and issue new ordinary shares, or to issue any options in respect of, all or any of the authorised but unissued ordinary shares in the capital of the company; and/or
- to sell or to otherwise dispose of or transfer, or issue any  options  in  respect  of,  ordinary  shares  in  the capital of the Company purchased by subsidiaries of the Company,

for cash, to such person/s on such terms and conditions and at such times as the directors may from time to time in their discretion deem fit, subject to the Companies Act, the  MOI  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries,  and  JSE Listings Requirements as amended from time to time.

The resolution is subject to the following:

- This authority will remain valid until the earlier of the Company's  next  AGM  or  the  expiry  of  15  (fifteen) months from the date that this authority is given.
- The  securities  which  are  subject  of  the  issue  must belong to a class already in issue or be convertible into a class already in issue.
- Any  such  issue  may  only  be  offered  to  'public shareholders' as defined in the JSE Listings Requirements  and  not,  subject  to  the  following, related parties:
- o Related parties may participate in a general issue for cash through a bookbuild proves provided:
- Related parties only participate with a maximum  bid price at which they are prepared to take-up shares or at book close price.  In  the  event  of  a  maximum  bid  price and  the  book  closes  at  a  higher  price,  the relevant  related  party  will  be  'out  of  the book' and will not be allocated shares; and
- Equity securities must be allocated equitably 'in the book' through the bookbuild process and the measures to be applied  must  be  disclosed  in  the  SENS announcement launching the bookbuild;
- The securities which are subject for a general issue of shares for cash may not exceed 15% of the 105,091,006  listed securities (excluding treasury shares) as of the date of this notice, being 15,753,651 securities.  Any  securities  issued  will  be  subtracted from this total.
- In determining the price at which securities may be issued  in  terms  of  this  authority,  the  maximum discount permitted will be 10% (ten percent) of the weighted average price traded price of such securities  measured  over  the  30  (thirty)  business days prior  to  the  date  that  the  price  of  the  issue  is agreed in writing between the issuer and the party/ies subscribing for the securities.
- An  announcement  giving  full  details,  including  the number of securities issued, the average discount to the  weighted  average  traded  price  of  the  securities over 30 (thirty) business days prior to the date that the issue is agreed in writing between the Company and the  parties  subscribing  for  the  securities  and  in respect  of  the  issue  of  options  and  convertible securities  the  impact  on  the  statement  of  financial position, net asset value per share, net tangible asset value per share, an explanation, included supporting information (if any), of the intended use of the funds, will  be  published  when  the  Company  has  issued securities representing, on a cumulative basis within the  earlier  of  the  Company's  next  Annual  general meeting  or  the  expiry  of  a  period  of  15  (fifteen) months from the date that this authority is given, 5

(five) percent or more of the number of securities in issue prior to the issue; and

- Whenever the Company wishes to use repurchased securities, held as treasury stock by a subsidiary of the  Company,  such  use  must  comply  with  the  JSE Listings Requirements as if such use was a new issue of ordinary shares.

In  terms  of  the  JSE  Listings  Requirements,  Ordinary Resolution Number 7 must be passed by more than 75% (seventy  five  percent)  of  the  votes  cast  in  favour  of  the resolution  by  all  members  present  or  represented  by proxy at the AGM.

## Explanatory note

The Board needs shareholders' approval to issue ordinary shares for cash in compliance with the Company's rules, the Companies Act, and JSE Listings Requirements. Once approved,  this  general  authority  enables  the  Board  to issue  ordinary  shares  as  needed,  such  as  for  capitalraising efforts and to maintain a healthy capital adequacy ratio.

## Ordinary resolution number 8

Signature of documents

' Resolved that any director and/or the Company Secretary  be  and  is  hereby  authorised  to  sign  all  such documentation  and  do  all such  things as  may  be necessary for or incidental to the implementation of the ordinary and special resolutions which are passed by the shareholders with and subject to the terms thereof.'

## SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS

## Special resolution number 1

General approval to acquire shares

' Resolved , by way  of a general approval that the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries from time to time be and are hereby authorised to acquire ordinary shares in  the  Company  in  terms  of  sections  46  and  48  of  the Companies  Act,  the MOI  of the Company  and  its subsidiaries and the JSE Listings Requirements, as amended from time to time.

- The JSE Listings Requirements currently provide, inter alia, that:
- o The  acquisition of  ordinary  shares  must  be effected through the order book operated by JSE trading  system  without  any  prior  arrangements between the Company and the counterparty.
- o This general authority is valid until the earlier of the  next  AGM  or  15  months  of  passing  of  this special resolution.
- o The  maximum  premium  for  acquiring  ordinary shares will be 10% above the weighted average of the market value at which such shares are traded on the JSE, over the immediately preceding five business days.
- o The  Company can appoint  only  one  agent  at  a time to effect any acquisitions.

- o The total annual acquisitions cannot exceed 20% (10% for subsidiaries) of the Company's issued ordinary share capital.
- o The  Company  can  repurchase  shares  after  a Board resolution confirming that the Board has authorised the repurchase, passing the solvency and  liquidity  test,  and  since  the  test  was  done there  have  been  no  material  changes  to  the financial position of the Group.
- o The Company or its subsidiaries may not repurchase securities during a prohibited period, as defined in paragraph 3.67 of the JSE Listings Requirements, unless:
- The Company had a repurchase programme in place  and  the  programme  has  been submitted to the JSE prior to the prohibited period commencing;
- Only one independent third party has been instructed to execute the repurchase programme  prior  to  the  prohibited  period commencing; and
- The  repurchase  programme  includes  the name  and date of appointment of the independent third party instructed to execute the repurchase  programme,  the commencement and termination date of the repurchase programme and the fixed number of securities to be traded during the period.
- o An  announcement  will  be  published  once  the Company  has  cumulatively  repurchasing  3% (three  percent)  of  the  number  of  the  ordinary shares  in issue at the time  of this  general authority is granted (' initial number ') of ordinary shares, and for each 3% (three percent) in aggregate of the initial  number  acquired thereafter.

## Explanatory note

This  special  resolution  number  1  seeks  to  grant  the Company and its subsidiaries the authority to purchase the  Company's  own  ordinary  shares.  The  Company's directors plan to use this authority when they believe it's beneficial, considering factors like tax benefits  and market conditions.

## Other disclosure in terms of Section 11.26 of the JSE Listings Requirements

The  JSE  Listings  Requirements  require  the  following disclosures, which are contained in the annual report of which this notice forms part:

- major shareholders of the Company - page 127; and
- directors' interests in securities - page 121 &amp; 122.

## Material change

There  have  been  material  changes  in  the  affairs  or financial  position  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries since the Company's financial year-end and the date of this notice. Details are set out in this IAR on page 14 &amp; 15 and page 34 &amp; 35.

## Directors' responsibility statement

The directors listed in the integrated report,  which includes this notice of AGM, take full responsibility for the accuracy of the information regarding special resolution number 1. They certify that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, all necessary facts have been included, and there are no omissions that would make any statement about  special  resolution  number  1  false  or  misleading. They  have  conducted  reasonable  inquiries  to  confirm this, ensuring that all legal and JSE Listings Requirements are met regarding special resolution number 1.

## Adequacy of working capital

At the time that the contemplated repurchase is to take place, the directors of the Company will ensure that, after considering the effect of the maximum repurchase and for a period of 12 (twelve) months thereafter:

- the Company and its subsidiaries will be able to pay their debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business;
- the  consolidated  assets  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries, fairly valued in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, will be in excess of the consolidated liabilities of the Company and its subsidiaries;
- the issued share capital and reserves of the Company and its subsidiaries will be adequate for the purpose of  the  ordinary  business  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries; and
- the working capital available to the Company and its subsidiaries will be sufficient for the Group's requirements.

## Directors' Intention Regarding the General Authority to Repurchase the Company's Shares

The directors have no specific intention, at present, for the  Company  to  repurchase  any  of  its  securities  but consider that such a general authority should be put in place should an opportunity present itself to do so during the year and which is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

## Special resolution number 2

Loans  or  other  financial  assistance  to  subsidiaries  and other related or inter-related companies

' Resolved that , as a special resolution, according to the Companies Act, shareholders of the Company approve the Company  to  provide  direct  or  indirect  financial assistance to subsidiaries or related companies for two years from this special resolution 2. The Board will decide the recipients, form, and  terms of this assistance, ensuring compliance with the Companies Act's requirements.

## Explanatory note

The purpose of special resolution number 2 is to give the Board  the  authority  to  allow  the  Company  to  provide financial  assistance,  as  outlined  in  section  45  of  the

Companies  Act,  to  current  or  future  subsidiaries  and related  companies.  Notice  to  Company  shareholders regarding a Board resolution, as required by section 45(5) of the Companies Act:

- Before sending this AGM notice to shareholders, the Board  will  have  passed  a  resolution  ("Section  45 Board Resolution") authorising the  Company  to provide  direct  or  indirect  financial  assistance  over two years from the date of adopting special resolution  number  2.  This  assistance  can  include loans, guarantees, and debt security to subsidiaries and related companies.
- The  Section  45  Board  Resolution  only  becomes effective if special resolution number 2 is approved by Company shareholders. Providing such financial assistance will depend on the Company's ability to pass the solvency and fairness tests as specified in section 45(3)(b) of the Companies Act.
- If this financial assistance exceeds one-tenth of one percent of the Company's net worth at the adoption date  of  the  resolution,  the  Company  will  notify shareholders and any relevant trade unions representing its employees.

## Special resolution number 3

Non-executive Directors' ('NED') Remuneration

Fees paid to non-executive directors for their services as Company directors in the year ending 30 June 2022, were approved by shareholders in a special resolution at the 30 November 2021 AGM. This resolution also allowed the Board to increase NED fees for the 2023 financial year, up to 10%. The Board has approved a flat fee in NED fees for the year ending 30 June 2024, as follows:

| ## Position  Approved fee in ZAR for the year ending 30 June 2024  Chairman of the Board  R10 000  Chairman of the Audit and Risk  Committees  R10 000  Chairperson of the Social and Ethics  Committee  R10 000  Other non-executive directors  R10 000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  The  above  fees  include  fees  for  acting  as  chairpersons  or members of applicable committees and sub-committees and exclude VAT

## ' Resolved that:

- the annual remuneration payable to the nonexecutive directors for their services as directors of the  Group  for  the  year  ending  30  June  2022,  as reflected in note 42 of the annual financial statements, be ratified; and
- in  terms  of  the  provisions  of  sections  66(9)  of  the Companies Act, an annual increase, to be approved by  the  Board  (but  not  exceeding  10%  of  the  fees payable  to the non-executive  directors for their services  as  directors),  be  hereby  approved  for  a period  of  two  years  from  the  date  of  passing  this

<!-- image -->

resolution  or  until  its  renewal,  whichever  is  the earlier.'

## Explanatory note

In  terms  of  section  66(9)  of  the  Companies  Act,  a company  is  required  to  pre-approve  the  payment  of remuneration to non-executive directors for their services as directors for the ensuing financial year by means of a special resolution passed by shareholders of the Company within the previous two years.

## OTHER BUSINESS

To transact such other business as may be transacted at the AGM of the Company.

## QUORUM

To  meet  the  quorum  requirements  for  the  resolutions mentioned, at least three shareholders (and their representatives  in  the  case  of  a  corporate  shareholder) who can vote at the AGM must be present. Furthermore, a quorum also includes 25% of all voting rights related to these resolutions.

## PROXIES

The  attached  form  of  proxy  is  only  to  be  completed  by those shareholders who are:

- holding Conduit Capital ordinary shares in certificated form; or
- recorded  on  the  electronic  sub-register  in  'ownname' dematerialised form.

By order of the Board

## CIS Company Secretaries Proprietary Limited

Company Secretary

Johannesburg 21 August 2024

## REGISTERED ADDRESS

67 Carlisle Street Paardeneiland Cape Town, 7405 (PO Box 335, Sea Point, Cape Town, 8060)

## TRANSFER SECRETARIES

Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Ltd (Registration number: 2004/003647/07) Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank Johannesburg, 2196

## ANNEXURE A

## ABBREVIATED CURRICULUM  VITAE OF DIRECTOR APPOINTMENTS, DIRECTORS OFFERING THEMSELVES FOR RE-ELECTION AND/OR MEMBERS OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

## The occupation and relevant business experience of Melvyn Lubega is set out below:

Qualifications: BbusSc (UCT), M.Sc (Oxford), MPP (Oxford)

## Role:

- Independent non-executive director
- Chairman of the Board
- Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
- Member of the Investment Committee
- Member of the Audit and Risk Committee
- Member of the Social and Ethics Committee

Melvyn is an experienced entrepreneur and investor having successfully built and exited businesses that serve customers  around  the world. He  has been  in senior investment  roles  for  over  a  decade.  Melvyn  is  a  board member  of two investment companies  and operating companies,  including  as  an  Investment  Committee  and Audit  and  Risk  Committee  member  of  Adcorp  Holdings Limited  (JSE:ADR).  He  is  a  referenced  thought  leader  and invited  speaker  both  abroad  and  locally  on  investing  and digital transformation amongst others. He has been listed by Forbes for his achievements in business.

Melvyn is an actuary by training, holding an undergraduate degree from the University of Cape Town where he was an Allan  Gray  Orbis  Foundation  Fellow.  He  has  postgraduate degrees  from  the  University  of  Oxford  where  he  was  a Rhodes Scholar.

The occupation and relevant business experience of Christian Richard Solberg is set out below:

Qualifications: BA magna cum laude (Middlebury College, US) MBA (MIT)

## Role:

- Independent non-executive director
- Chairperson of the Audit and Risk Committee
- Chairperson of the Investment Committee

Christian  is  the  co-founder  and  Managing  Member  of  Sun Mountain Partners LLC ("Sun Mountain"), a private investment  company  based  in  Boston,  USA,  focused  on investing in public equity securities. Christian has over 15 years of investment and capital allocation experience. Prior to  Sun  Mountain,  Christian  worked  with  global  consulting firm BTS Group AB in their New York Office, for eight years. In his capacity as director, he trained thousands of executives of  global  Fortune  500  companies  in  capital  allocation, competitive  advantage,  strategy,  and  building  a  culture  of innovation.

<!-- image -->

## The occupation and relevant business experience of Peter Goeffrey Todd is set out below:

Qualifications: B.Com LLB (UCT)

Role: Executive director Member of the Investment Committee

Peter  Todd  has  extensive  industry  experience  and  boasts over 20 years of financial services industry experience, both in  South Africa and abroad. He has a number of business interests  in  the  claims  management  space  having  cofounded Repair Solutions in 2014 and subsequently having expanded into other areas of the insurance value chain.

Prior to setting up his own business interests, Peter held a number of senior positions in the industry including Chief Executive  of  Mutual  &amp;  Federal;  Managing  Executive  for Distribution at Absa Financial Services as well as Chairperson of Credit Guarantee Insurance Company. Peter also spent six years in Singapore as the Regional Managing Director of Alexander Forbes Asia Pacific. Peter has served as  a  Director  on  a  number  of  insurance  industry  Boards, including the South African Insurance Association and is a Past President of the Insurance Institute of South Africa.

The occupation and relevant business experience of Geoffrey Edgar Bolton Hacking is set out below:

Qualifications: M.B.,Ch.B. (UCT), F.F.Rad (D) (SA), and F.R.C.R.(London)

## Role:

- Independent non-executive director
- Lead Independent Director
- Member of the Audit and Risk Committee
- Chairman of the Social and Ethics Committee
- Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee

Geoffrey  is  a  medical  specialist  and  a  former  director  of Morton &amp; Partners Radiologists, one of the largest radiology practices  in South  Africa. He  retired from  practice  in September  2022.  Geoff  is  an  experienced  value  investor, with more than 45 years of investment experience.

The occupation and relevant business experience of Lourens Erasmus Louw is set out below:

Qualifications: B.Com (Stellenbosch)

## Role:

- Financial Director

Lourens  studied  at  the  University  of  Stellenbosch,  after which he moved to Johannesburg and qualified as a member of  the  SA  Institute  of  Stockbrokers.  In  1996  Lourens  was appointed  Financial  Director  and  Compliance  Officer  of stock broking firm Irish &amp; Menell Rosenberg (Pty) Ltd and its successors  in  the  Appleton  Group.  He  remained  with Appleton until June 2003 when he joined Conduit Capital. Lourens became the Financial Director of Conduit Capital in October 2004. Lourens became the CFO of the Constantia Insurance Group in February 2021 and was reappointed the Financial Director of Conduit Capital in January 2023.

## XI. Proxy Form

For use only by ordinary shareholders who:

- hold ordinary shares in certificated form ('certificated ordinary shareholders'); or
- have dematerialised their ordinary shares ('dematerialised ordinary shareholders') and are registered with 'own-name' registration;

at the annual general meeting ('AGM') of shareholders of the Company to be held entirely via a remote interactive electronic platform MS Teams at 14:00 on Tuesday, 1 October 2024 and any adjournment thereof.

Certificated shareholders, 'own name' dematerialised shareholders and dematerialised shareholders other than 'own name', who have requested a Letter of Representation from their CSDP or broker in order to vote during the meeting and who have provided the Transfer Secretary with their details and email address will be provided with the necessary instructions on how to vote. These ordinary shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

Name of beneficial shareholder

Name of registered shareholder

Address

Telephone work

(         )

being the holder/custodian of

1.

2.

3. the Chairperson of the meeting, as my/our proxy to attend and act for me/us on my/our behalf at the AGM of the Company convened for purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the special and ordinary resolutions to be proposed thereat ('resolutions') and at each postponement or adjournment thereof and to vote for and/or against such resolutions, and/or abstain from voting, in respect of the ordinary shares in the issued share capital of the Company registered in my/our name/s in accordance with the following instructions:

| Number of ordinary shares  For  Against  Abstain  Ordinary resolutions 1  Adoption of annual financial statements  Ordinary resolution 2.1  Election of Mr Christian Richard Solberg as director  Ordinary resolution 2.2  Election of Mr Geoffrey Edgar Bolton Hacking as director  Ordinary resolution 2.3  Election of Mr Peter Goeffrey Todd as director  Ordinary resolution 2.4  Election of Mr Lourens Erasmus Louw as director  Ordinary resolutions 3.1  Appointment of Mr Christian Richard Solberg as Chairperson and as member of the Audit and Risk Committee  Ordinary resolutions 3.2  Re-appointment of Mr Melvyn Lubega as member of the Audit and Risk Committee  .  Ordinary resolutions 3.3  Appointment of Mr Geoffrey Edgar Bolton Hacking as member of the Audit and Risk Committee  Ordinary resolutions 4  Re-appointment of Nexia SAB&amp;T as auditors and Mr Fazel Sulaman as the designated audit partner  Ordinary resolutions 5.1  Approval of the remuneration policy  Ordinary resolution 5.2  Approval of the remuneration implementation report  Ordinary resolution 6  Control of authorised but unissued ordinary shares  Ordinary resolution 7  General issue of shares for cash  Ordinary resolution number 8  Signature of documents  Special resolution number 1  General approval to acquire shares  Special resolution number 2  Loans or other financial assistance to subsidiaries and other related or inter-related companies  Special resolution number 3  Approval of non-executive directors' remuneration   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please indicate instructions to proxy in the space provided above by the insertion therein of the relevant number of votes exercisable.

A member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM may appoint one or more proxies to attend and act in his stead. A proxy so appointed need not be a member of the Company.

Signed at

Signature

Assisted by (if applicable)

on

2024

## CONDUIT CAPITAL LIMITED

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa (Registration number 1998/017351/06) Share code: CND    ISIN: ZAE000073128 ('Conduit Capital' or 'the Company' or 'the Group')

Telephone home

(        )

Cell:

ordinary shares in the Company, hereby appoint (see note):

or failing him/her, or failing him/her,

<!-- image -->

## FORM FOR ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## CONDUIT CAPITAL LIMITED

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa (Registration number 1998/017351/06) Share code: CND ISIN: ZAE000073128 ('Conduit Capital' or 'the Company' or 'the Group')

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING - 14:00 ON TUESDAY, 1 OCTOBER 2024 ('AGM')

Capitalised terms which are not defined herein shall bear the meanings assigned in the notice of AGM to which this form is attached and forms part.

## Instructions

Shareholders or their proxies, have the right, as provided for in the Company's MOI and the Companies Act, to participate in the AGM by way of electronic communication. Shareholders or their duly appointed proxies who wish  to participate in the AGM must complete this application form and email it (together with the relevant supporting documents referred to below) to the Company's Transfer Secretaries at proxy@computershare.co.za and to the Company at companysecretarial@computershare.co.za as soon as possible, but in any event by no later than 14:00 on Friday, 27 September 2024

Upon receiving a completed Electronic Participation Application Form, the Company's Transfer Secretaries will follow a verification process to verify each applicant's entitlement to participate in and/or vote at the AGM. The Company's Transfer Secretaries will provide the Company with the email address of each verified shareholder or their duly appointed proxy (each, 'a Participant ') to enable the Company to forward the Participant a MS Teams meeting invitation required to access the AGM.

The Company will send each Participant a MS Teams meeting invitation with a link to 'Join the MS Teams Meeting' on Tuesday, 1 October 2024 to enable Participants to link up and participate electronically in the AGM. This link will be sent to the email address nominated by the Participant in the table below.

## Please note

The electronic platform to be utilised for the AGM does not provide for electronic voting during the meeting.  Accordingly, shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit votes by  proxy  in  advance  of  the  AGM,  by  completing  the  Form  of  Proxy  and  lodging  it  together  with  this  Electronic  Participation  Application  Form  with  the  Company's  Transfer Secretaries.

Participants who indicate in this form that they wish to vote during the electronic meeting, will be contacted by the Company's Transfer Secretaries to make the necessary arrangements.

Participants will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the AGM. Any such charges will not be for the account of the Company's Transfer Secretaries or the Company who will also not be held accountable in the case of loss of network connectivity or other network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power outages which prevents any such Participant from participating in and /or voting at the AGM.

By signing this application form, the Participant indemnifies and holds the Company harmless against any loss, injury, damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the use of the telecommunication lines to participate in the AGM or any interruption in the ability of the Participant to participate in the AGM via electronic communication, whether or not the problem is caused by any act or omission on the part of the Participant or anyone else, including without limitation the Company and its employees.

Full name of shareholder:

Identity or registration number of shareholder:

Full name of authorised representative (if applicable):

Identity number of authorised representative:

Email address:

*Note: this email address will be used by the Company to share the meeting invitation required to access the AGM electronically

Cell phone number:

Telephone number, including dialing codes:

*Note: The electronic platform to be utilised for the AGM does not provide for electronic voting during the meeting. Accordingly, shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit votes by proxy in advance of the AGM, by completing the proxy form.

Indicate (by marking with an 'X') whether:

□ votes will be submitted by proxy (in which case, please enclose the duly completed proxy form with this form); or

□ the Participant wishes to exercise votes during the AGM. If this option is selected, the Company's Transfer Secretaries wil l contact you to make the necessary arrangements.

By signing this application form, I consent to the processing of my personal information above for the purpose of participati ng in Conduit Capital's AGM.

Signed at                                                                               on                                                                                           2024

Signed: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

## Documents required to be attached to this application form

1. In order to exercise their voting rights at the AGM, shareholders may appoint a proxy, which proxy may participate in the AGM, provided that a duly completed proxy form has been submitted in accordance with the instructions on that form, and as envisaged in the notice of the AGM.
2. Documentary evidence establishing the authority of the named person, including any person acting in a representative capacity, who is to participate in the AGM, must be attached to this application.
3. A certified copy of the valid identity document/passport/ of the person attending the AGM by electronic participation, including any person acting in a representative capacity, must be attached to this application.

Applications to participate by electronic communication will only be considered if this application form is completed in full, signed by the shareholder, its proxy or representative, and delivered as detailed above. The Company may in its sole discretion accept any incomplete application forms.

<!-- image -->

1. The form of proxy must only be completed by shareholders who hold shares in  certificated  form  or  who  are  recorded  on  the  sub-register  in  electronic form in 'own name'.
2. All other beneficial owners who have dematerialised their shares through a CSDP or broker and wish to attend the AGM must provide the CSDP or broker with  their  voting  instructions  in  terms  of  the  relevant  custody  agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.
3. A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM may insert the name of a  proxy  or  the  names  of  two  alternate  proxies  (none  of  whom  need  be  a shareholder  of  the  Company)  of  the  shareholder's  choice  in  the  space provided,  with  or  without  deleting 'the  Chairperson  of  the  meeting'.  The person whose name stands first on this form of proxy and who is present at the AGM will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those proxy(ies) whose  names  follow.  Should  this  space  be  left  blank,  the  proxy  will  be exercised by the Chairperson of the meeting.
4. A shareholder is entitled to one vote on a show of hands and, on a poll, one vote in respect of each ordinary share held. A shareholder's instructions to the proxy must be indicated by the insertion of the relevant number of votes exercisable by that shareholder in the appropriate space provided. If an 'X' has  been  inserted  in  one  of  the  blocks  to  a  particular  resolution,  it  will indicate  the  voting  of  all  the  shares  held  by  the  shareholder  concerned. Failure to comply with this will be deemed to authorise the proxy to vote or to abstain from voting at the AGM as he/she deems fit in respect of all the shareholder's votes exercisable thereat. A shareholder or the proxy is not obliged to use all the votes exercisable by the shareholders or by the proxy, but the total of the votes cast and in respect of which abstention is recorded may not exceed the total of the votes exercisable by the shareholder or the proxy.
5. A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid in relation to the AGM  notwithstanding  the  death,  insanity  or  other  legal  disability  of  the person  granting  it,  or  the  revocation  of  the  proxy,  or  the  transfer  of  the ordinary shares in respect of which the proxy is given, unless notice as to any of  the  aforementioned  matters  shall  have  been  received  by  the  Transfer Secretaries at any time prior to the start of the AGM, or prior to voting on any resolution proposed at the AGM.
6. If a shareholder does not indicate on this form that his/her proxy is to vote in favour  of  or  against  any  resolution  or  to  abstain  from  voting,  or  gives contradictory  instructions, or should  any  further  resolution(s) or  any amendment(s)  which  may  properly  be  put  before  the  AGM  be  proposed, such proxy shall be entitled to vote as he/she thinks fit.
7. The Chairperson of the AGM may reject or accept any form of proxy which is completed and/or received other than in compliance with these notes.
8. A shareholder's authorisation to the proxy including the Chairperson of the AGM, to vote on such shareholder's behalf, shall be deemed to include the authority to vote on procedural matters at the AGM.
9. The  completion  and  lodging  of  this  form  of  proxy  will  not  preclude  the relevant  shareholder  from  attending  the  AGM  and  speaking  and  voting  in person thereat to the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof.
10. Documentary evidence establishing  the  authority  of  a  person  signing  the form of proxy in a representative capacity must be attached to this form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the Company's Transfer Secretaries or waived by the Chairperson of the AGM.
11. A  minor  or  any  other  person  under  legal  incapacity  must  be  assisted  by his/her  parent  or  guardian,  as  applicable,  unless  the  relevant  documents establishing his/her capacity are produced or have been registered by the Transfer Secretaries of the Company.
12. Where there are joint holders of ordinary shares:
- any one holder may sign the form of proxy;
- the  vote(s)  of  the  senior  ordinary  shareholders  (for  that  purpose seniority  will  be  determined  by  the  order  in  which  the  names  of ordinary  shareholders  appear  in  the  Company's  register  of  ordinary shareholders) who tenders a vote (whether in person or by proxy) will be  accepted  to  the  exclusion  of  the  vote(s)  of  the  other  joint shareholder(s).
13. The Board requests that completed forms of proxy are received at the office of the Company's Transfer Secretaries:

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited, Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, Johannesburg, 2001 (Private Bag x9000, Saxonwold, 2132), or via email to proxy@computershare.co.za by 14:00 on Friday, 27 September 2024 .

Any forms of proxy not lodged by this time may still be lodged by email to: proxy@computershare.co.za and to companysecretarial@computershare.co.za prior to the commencement of the meeting.

14. A deletion of any printed matter and the completion of any blank space need not be signed or initialled. Any alteration or correction must be signed and not merely initialled.
15. Summary of the rights of a shareholder to be represented by proxy, as set out in section 58 of the Companies Act:
- A proxy appointment must be in writing, dated and signed by the shareholder  appointing  a  proxy,  and,  subject  to  the  rights  of  a shareholder  to  revoke  such  appointment  (as  set  out  below), remains  valid  only  until  the  end  of  the  relevant  shareholders' meeting.
- A proxy may delegate the proxy's authority to act on behalf of a shareholder to another person, subject to any restrictions set out in the instrument appointing the proxy.
- The appointment of a proxy is suspended at any time and to the extent that the shareholder who appointed such proxy chooses to act  directly  and  in  person  in  the  exercise  of  any  rights  as  a shareholder.
- The  appointment  of  a  proxy  is  revocable  by  the  shareholder  in question  cancelling  it  in  writing,  or  making  a  later  inconsistent appointment of a proxy, and delivering a copy of the revocation instrument to the proxy and to the Company. The revocation of a proxy appointment constitutes a complete and final cancellation of the proxy's authority to act on behalf of the shareholder as of the later of:
7. (a) the date stated in the revocation instrument, if any; and
8. (b) the date on which the revocation instrument is delivered to the  Company  as  required  in  the  first  sentence  of  this paragraph.
- If  the  instrument  appointing  the  proxy  or  proxies  has  been delivered to the Company, as long as that appointment remains in effect, any notice that is required by the Companies Act or the MOI to  be  delivered  by  the  Company  to  the  shareholder,  must  be delivered by the Company to:
10. (a) the shareholder, or
11. (b) the proxy or proxies, if the shareholder has (i) directed the Company to do so in writing; and (ii) paid any reasonable fee charged by the Company for doing so.
- The  completion  of  a  form  of  proxy  does  not  preclude  any shareholder from attending the AGM.

## XII. Financial Performance

## Directors Report

The directors have pleasure in presenting their report for the year ended 30 June 2022.

## NATURE OF BUSINESS

Conduit Capital is an investment holding company that, through its subsidiaries and associates, carries on business in the financial services industry with the main focus being on insurance and related investment activities.

On 30 June 2023 Conduit Capital announced by way of a Stock  Exchange  News  Service  (SENS)  notice  that  with effect from 1 July 2023 the Group will apply the Investment Entity exemption in accordance with IFRS 10: Consolidated Financial Statements.

## DIVIDENDS

In  line  with  the  Group's  strategy,  the  details  of  which appear in the Chief Executive Officer's Letter, the Board has not recommended any dividend payment to ordinary shareholders (2021: Nil).

## AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

The Audit and Risk Committee's report appears on page 15 and 16 of the integrated report.

## DIRECTORS

Persons who acted as directors during the financial year ended  30  June  2022  and  until  the  date  of  this  report, unless otherwise stated, are set out below. Additionally, persons who were appointed as directors after the year ended 30 June 2022 are also set out below.

## CHOU, LEO CHIH HAO

Roles fulfilled: Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Statutory Committees: Audit and Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee, Social and Ethics Committee Executive Director

- appointed as a non-executive director on 9 October 2017
- appointed as Chairman on 29 November 2022
- status changed to an executive director and CEO on 1 October 2023

## HACKING, GEOFFREY EDGAR BOLTON

Roles fulfilled: Lead Independent

Statutory Committees: Audit and Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee, Social and Ethics Committee Independent Non-executive Director

- appointed as an independent non-executive director on 3 April 2023
- appointed as a lead independent on 1 October 2023

<!-- image -->

## LOUW, LOURENS ERASMUS

Roles fulfilled: Financial Director

- appointed as an executive director on 1 January 2023

## LUBEGA, MELVYN

Roles fulfilled: Lead Independent, Chairman

Statutory Committees: Audit and Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee, Social and Ethics Committee Independent Non-executive Director

- appointed as a non-executive director on 15 March 2021
- appointed as lead independent on 1 July 2023
- appointed as Chairman on 1 October 2023

## MAIZEY, ADRIAN

Non-executive Director

- appointed as a non-executive director on 20 February 2017
- resigned as a non-executive director on 18 July 2022

## NAPIER, RONALD STUART

Roles fulfilled: Chairman

Statutory Committees: Audit and Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee

- appointed as a non-executive director on 31 March 2015
- resigned as a non-executive director and Chairman on 17 November 2023

## RISKOWITZ, SEAN MICHAEL

Roles fulfilled: Chief Executive Officer

- appointed as a non-executive director on 31 March 2015
- appointed as an executive director and CEO on 1 July 2015
- resigned as an executive director and CEO on 21 July 2022

## SOLBERG, CHRISTIAN RICHARD

Independent Non-executive Director

- appointed as an independent non-executive director on 3 April 2023

## SIYOTULA, NONZUKISO

Roles fulfilled: Lead Independent

Statutory Committees: Audit and Risk Committee, Remuneration Committee

- appointed as an independent non-executive director on 24 March 2020
- appointed  as  lead  independent  on  19  November 2021
- resigned  as  an  independent  non-executive  director on 9 December 2022

## TODD, PETER GOEFFREY

Roles fulfilled: Chief Executive Officer Statutory Committees: Audit and Risk Committee Executive Director

- appointed as an executive director and interim-CEO on 21 July 2022
- appointed as the full-time CEO on 29 November 2022
- resigned  as  CEO  on  1  October  2023,  remains  an executive director of Conduit Capital in his capacity as CEO of CRIH

## YAN-COHEN, BIANCA

Roles fulfilled: Financial Director

- appointed  as  an  executive  director  on  5  February 2021
- resigned as financial director and  an executive director on 31 December 2022

The  names  of  the  directors  in  office  at  the  date  of  the report appear on page 6 of the integrated report.

No directors will this year be required to retire by rotation in terms of the Memorandum of Incorporation.

## SECRETARY AND REGISTERED OFFICE

The address of the Company Secretary and the registered office  of  the  Company  is  recorded  on  page  5  of  the integrated report.

## DIRECTORS' SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 30 June 2022, certain directors beneficially owned 154.46 million (2021: 155.07 million) ordinary shares in Conduit  Capital.  The  directors  held  no  rights  to  share options  (2021:  Nil).  Full  details  of  these  holdings  are disclosed in note 50 to the Financial Statements.

## AUTHORISED AND ISSUED STATED CAPITAL

The authorised stated capital of the Company is 1 500 000 000  (2021:  1 500 000 000)  ordinary  shares  with  no  par value.  The  issued  stated  capital  of  the  Company  is  764 443 900 (2021: 764 443 900) ordinary shares with no par value.

During the year the Group acquired none of its own shares (2021: 17 170 401 shares at an average consideration of 58.39 cents per share). These shares are currently being held as treasury shares by subsidiary companies.

There were no other changes to the issued share capital or  treasury  shares  during  the  reporting  period.  Please refer  to  notes  28  and  46.5  of  the  Annual  Financial Statements for further details.

## SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES

Details of the Group's subsidiaries and associate companies can be obtained in notes 21, 22, 40 and 48 of the Annual Financial Statements.

<!-- image -->

Please  note  that  on  26  July  2022  Constantia  Insurance Company Limited ('CICL'), the Group's largest operating subsidiary, was placed under provisional curatorship. The conditions of the provisional curatorship, which included the  suspension  of  its  capacity  to  receive  new  business premiums,  made  it  impossible  for  CICL  to  retain  its clients,  which  in  turn  resulted  in  its  reinsurers  also terminating  their  reinsurance  arrangements  with  the company. Given the enormous negative impact that the curatorship and the terms associated therewith ultimately had on CICL, the company was placed under liquidation on 14 September 2022, by order of the High Court  on  application  by  the  Prudential  Authority  ("PA"). SENS announcements relating to CICL's liquidation were released during the 2022 calendar year and can be found on the Group's website . With the liquidation of CICL, the Group ceased having full control over the affairs of CICL. As at the reporting date, CICL continues to be consolidated  and  forms  part  of  the  financial  results. However, as at the next reporting date CICL and its wholly owned  subsidiaries  will  be  deconsolidated  from  the Group results.

## ACQUISITIONS,  DISPOSALS  AND  IMPAIRMENTS  OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE, INVESTMENTS AND FINANCIAL ASSETS

The  Group  made  the  following  cash  acquisitions  and investments during the year:

- property,  plant  and  equipment,  software  and  other intangible assets to the value of approximately R3.18 million (2021: R3.57 million);
- listed  investments  held  at  fair  value  through  profit and loss, to the value of approximately R0.20 million (2021: R0.13 million);
- no  unlisted  investments  were  acquired  during  the year (2021: R0.98 million);
- an associate company was acquired for R42.0 million (2021:  Nil),  and  loans  to  the  value  of  R3.40  million were granted to associates (2021: R3.65 million); and
- no subsidiaries were acquired during the year (2021: Nil).

The Group disposed of and impaired the following assets and investments during the year:

- listed  investments  held  at  fair  value  through  profit and loss to the value of approximately R1.93 million were disposed of (2021: R32.45 million);
- unlisted investments held at fair value through profit and loss to the value of approximately R37.62 million were disposed of (2021: Nil);
- trade debtors, loans and other receivables of R14.54 million were impaired and written off through profit and loss (2021: R98.18 million). No previous period impairments  were  reversed  through  profit  and  loss (2021: Nil);

- property, plant and equipment were disposed of for R0.87  million  (2021:  R1.19  million)  at  a  loss  of R2.32 million  (2021:  R4.82  million).  Software  to  the value of R8.53 million was impaired (2021: Nil);
- no  property  held  for  sale  was  disposed  of  (2021: R14.50 million);
- no  associate  companies  were  disposed  of  (2021: R5.39 million). The impairment of associate companies amounted to R47.38 million (2021: Nil);
- a  subsidiary  company  was  disposed  of  for  R1.00 (2021: R161.00) at a profit of R3.02 million (2021: R0.71 million); and
- goodwill to the value of R45.44 million was impaired (2021: R5.51 million).

## STATUTORY CAPITAL BELOW REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

The PA that governs the South African assurance companies came into effect on 1 July 2018, following the promulgation  of  the  Insurance  Act  No  18  of  2017.  This also  brought  about  the  Financial  Soundness  Standards that govern all insurers.  These financial  soundness standards  necessitated  a  change  to  insurers'  solvency capital requirement ('SCR') and minimum capital requirement ('MCR') calculations.

The Financial Soundness Standards defines two levels of capital  that  an  insurer  is  required  to  comply  with  at  all times:

- The  prescribed  MCR  that  refers  to  the  absolute minimum level of eligible own funds that an insurer must  hold to protect all its policyholders. The minimum MCR is 1.00; and
- The  prescribed  SCR,  which  refers  to  the  level  of eligible own funds that an insurer must hold to ensure that the value of its assets will exceed the technical provisions and other liabilities at a 99.50% confidence  level  over  a  one-year  time  horizon.  The minimum SCR is 1.00.

The SCR model requires an additional surplus of assets (buffer)  above  liabilities  to  take  account  of  potential adverse outcomes of both the inherent risk of underwritten portfolios and the future cost of claims of these  portfolios  and  should  the  insurer  not  have  a sufficient buffer in place (i.e. the SCR is below 1.00), the PA  has  various  rights  of  response  and  intervention, commencing with closer supervision of the insurer.

CICL's liquidation shortly after the year-end (refer to the Subsidiaries  and  Associates  section  above),  together with the direct and indirect impact of the liquidation on a number  of  group  assets,  and  the  CICL  Liquidator's decision not to provide audited annual financial statements for CICL for the 2022 financial year, made it impossible  to  determine  what  a  fair  MCR  and  SCR  for CICL would have been as at the year-end.

The negative impact of CICL's liquidation on some of the unlisted investments held by Constantia Life and Health Assurance Company Limited ("CLAH"), resulted in CLAH's MCR and SCR ratios falling below the statutory minimum  at  0.50  (2021:  1.99)  and  0.56  (2021:  1.07), respectively. The MCR and SCR ratios of Constantia Life Limited  ("CLL")  were  0.45  (2021:  0.81)  and  2.09  (2021: 2.48) respectively.

The Constantia Group's ongoing correspondence with the PA included various action plans to restore the SCR and MCR  of  CLAH  and  CLL  above  1.00  and  to  add  an additional safety margin. These action plans included the sale of the companies to third parties who will introduce new  equity  into  the  businesses  (please  refer  to  the Subsequent Events paragraph below). It should however be noted that, notwithstanding the substantive remediation efforts already underway, should the planned  initiatives  not  be  successful,  the  companies' SCR and MCR may not be restored to a minimum level of 1.00 in the short term.

Please refer to notes 49.7 and 53 of the Annual Financial Statements for further details.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INSURANCE

It is the Group's belief that its risk should be managed to protect  its  assets  and  earnings  against  unacceptable financial  loss  and  to  safeguard  against  legal  liabilities. Possible catastrophic risks are insured at minimum cost with satisfactory cover.

Non-catastrophic risks are self-insured. Property, plant, and  equipment  are  insured at current  replacement values.

## GOING CONCERN

The Group reflects a Net Asset Value ('NAV') of negative R299.67  million,  down  R316.92  million  from  a  positive R17.25 million in the prior year and is therefore technically insolvent as at the reporting date. The main reason  for  the  reduction  is  due  to  the  non-cash  flow impairment  of  a  number  of  assets,  the  majority  hereof linked  to  the  demise  of  CICL  after  the  year-end.  The Company,  however,  reflects  a  positive  NAV  of  R80.97 million (2021: R404.12 million), backed by cash, investments  in  subsidiaries  and  loans  to  fellow  group companies. The Company is thus solvent.

In  addition,  the  Group's  Consolidated  Statement  of Financial  Position  as  at  30  June  2022  reflects  that  the Group's  current  liabilities  exceed  its  current  assets  by R539.04 million (2021: R539.58 million). The Company's current liabilities exceed current assets by R4.21 million (2021: R22.23 million).

The directors of the Group's insurance companies, with management, are in constant communication with the PA regarding the solvency ratios being below statutory levels,

which has ultimately resulted in the forced liquidation of CICL by the PA post the year-end.

The PA has taken note of the various corrective actions being  implemented  and  the  measures  put  in  place  in order to restore statutory capital to the  prescribed minimum levels in CLAH and CLL and has undertaken to work with the companies in order to resolve the matter, rather  than  enforce  an  immediate  suspension  of  the companies' activities until the matter has been resolved.

The directors have reviewed the Group's and Company's cash  flow  forecasts  and,  in  light  of  this  review  and  the current financial position, are satisfied that the Group and Company are able to meet its' working capital requirements through the initiatives taken by management to secure the required working capital.

These matters are more fully discussed in note 52 of the Annual Financial Statements.

Despite significant doubt being cast on the Group and the Company's ability to continue as going concerns due to the material uncertainty created by:

- the curatorship and subsequent liquidation of CICL, the  Group's  largest  subsidiary,  with  effect  from  31 August 2022; and
- the excess of the Group and the Company's current liabilities over current assets as at the reporting date;

## the Board believes that:

- the post-balance sheet events detailed in the Subsequent Events section below;
- its  comfort  that  the  cash  flow  budgets  that  were presented can realistically be achieved; and
- the PA's approach to the Constantia Risk and Insurance Holdings ('CRIH'), CLL and CLAH disposals;

will  provide the Group and the Company with adequate financial  resources  to  continue  in  operation  for  the foreseeable  future.  Accordingly,  the  annual  financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The  directors  have  satisfied  themselves  that  the  Group and the Company are both in a sound financial position and  that both have access  to sufficient cash  and borrowing facilities to meet their foreseeable cash requirements. Other than those disclosed in this financial report,  the  directors  are  not  aware  of  any  material changes  that  may  adversely  impact  the  Group  and  the Company. The directors are unaware of any allegations that the Group or the Company is in breach of its statutory or  regulatory  obligations  or  of  any  pending  changes  to legislation which may affect the Group or the Company.

## SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

1. As detailed above, on 14 September 2022 CICL, the Group's  largest  operating  subsidiary,  was  placed

under  liquidation  by  order  of  the  High  Court  on application by the PA.

2. On 1 September 2022 the Group disposed of its:
- 58.6%  effective interest in  Kulundleko  Solutions Proprietary Limited trading as Repair Solutions;
- 46.8% effective interest in Corporate Specialist Investigations Proprietary Limited; and
- 28.7% effective interest in 24 Fix Proprietary Limited; for a consideration of R1.00 (one Rand). The disposals were brought about by the demise of CICL, given that CICL was anticipated to be a core patron of these businesses going forward.
3. On 23 September 2022 CRIH disposed of its rights to the "Ethiqal" trademark that was used in connection with the Medical Malpractice business, operated by CICL, for a total consideration of R5.22 million. The disposal was brought about by CICL's liquidation. The proceeds from the sale were used to partially repay some of  the  funds  previously  advanced  by  CICL  to CRIH.
4. In  December  2022  CRIH  commenced  arbitration proceedings against Trustco Property Holdings (Proprietary) Limited for the recovery of R50.0 million together  with  other  relief  arising  from  an  alleged breach of contract. The arbitration concluded in April 2024  and  in  June  2024  judgment  was  awarded  in favour of CRIH.
5. As per  a  SENS  announcement  released  on  28 December 2022, CRIH entered into a share sale and purchase agreement with Affinity Financial Services Proprietary  Limited  ("Affinity"),  an  unrelated  third party, to dispose of the entire issued share capital of CLAH (a wholly-owned subsidiary) for a consideration of R20.00 million with an effective date of  31  January  2023  or  such  later  date  as  may  be agreed in writing between the parties. The transaction was subject  to  the  fulfilment  of  certain  suspensive conditions, including the approval of the transaction by the PA. As recorded in a further SENS announcement released on 11 July 2023, the effective  date  of  the  disposal  became  3 July  2023. Affinity's  stated  objective  is  to  introduce  additional business  and  equity  into  CLAH.  On  11  September 2023 CLAH changed its name to Affinity Life Limited.
6. As  per  a  SENS  announcement  released  on  24  May 2023 (and updated by various subsequent announcements,  the  most  recent  of  which  was released  at  the  end  of  June 2024)  Copper  Sunset Trading 186  Proprietary Limited entered  into an agreement  with  TMM  Holdings  Proprietary  Limited ("TMM"),  an  unrelated  third  party,  to  dispose  of  the entire issued share capital of CRIH and therefore its wholly owned subsidiary, CLL, for a consideration of R55.0  million.  The  transaction  is  subject  to  the fulfilment of certain suspensive conditions, including the approval of the transaction by the PA.  On

3 June 2024 the PA notified CRIH that it declined to approve the transaction, but that their decision was subject to appeal. CRIH continues to engage with the PA in this regard.

7. On  29  June  2021  CRIH  entered  into  a  subscription agreement, subject to certain conditions, with OracleMed Health Group Holdings Proprietary Limited and OracleMed Health Investments Proprietary Limited ('OMHI') to  acquire 75% of the shares  in  OMHI,  in  stages,  for  a  consideration  (the Subscription Consideration) that would be based on OMHI's profitability during the year ended 31 August 2022. OMHI is a global Medical Insurance Underwriting Manager and Administrator that provides  a  unique  range  of  International  Medical Insurance  products  in  Africa,  then  underwritten  by CICL.  OMHI  further  has  access  to  a  worldwide network of 3,200 hospitals and established partnerships with 7,000 health providers across Africa.  This  transaction  had  an  effective  date  of  31 August 2021 with an initial allotment by OMHI of 30% of its shares for a prepayment of R42 million, with the remaining  45%  to  be  allotted  in  exchange  for  the balance  of  the  Subscription  Consideration  payable on or about 1 October 2022.

CICL was placed under administration in July 2022 and  wound  up  with  effect  from  31  August  2022. CICL's  capacity  to  receive  new  business  premiums was also suspended. As a result hereof CRIH was in breach of agreements with OMHI, was unable to raise the  funds  to  pay  the  balance  of  the  Subscription Consideration, and CICL was unable to pay OMHI the administration fees and underwriting profit to which it was entitled.

CRIH  entered  into  agreements  with  OMHI  in  terms whereof, with effect from 1 October 2023 (1) OMHI

would  abandon  its  claims  against  CRIH,  (2)  CRIH purchased OMHI's claim against CICL for R100 000 and  (3)  OMHI  bought  back  CRIH's  shareholding  in OMHI for R9 million.

8. During June 2022 CICL elected to repay loans in the aggregate of R111.8 million owing by it to CRIH. CICL intended  to  give  effect  to  this  election  by  issuing shares  to  CRIH.  Due  to  CICL  being  placed  under curatorship  and  into  liquidation  the  shares  were never issued and the R111.8 million remains unpaid. In  April  2024  CRIH  lodged  a  claim  against  CICL's estate for the amount owed to it by CICL.
9. Shareholders  were  advised  in  an  announcement released on SENS on 4 April 2024 that on 2 April 2024 the  liquidators  of  CICL  filed  applications  with  the Western Cape High Court ('the Court') for orders to provisionally  wind-up  the  Company  and  its  wholly owned subsidiary, Conduit Ventures Proprietary Limited ('the Applications'). Given that the Applications were opposed, the Court postponed the hearing  thereof  to  2  August  2024.  On  that  date  the Court dismissed the Applications with costs.

## BORROWING LIMITATIONS OF DIRECTORS

In  terms  of  the  Memorandum  of  Incorporation  of  the Company, the directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money, as they consider appropriate. At  30  June  2022  and  30  June  2021,  the  Company's borrowings totalled as follows:

| 2022  R'000  2021  R'000  Borrowings  from  other  Group  companies  41 184  24 154   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors'  Responsibility  and  Approval of the Annual Financial Statements

The  Conduit  Capital  board  of  directors  ('the  Board') accepts  responsibility  for  the  integrity,  objectivity  and reliability of the Group and Company Financial Statements of Conduit Capital.

The  consolidated  and  separate  financial  statements  in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  (IFRS),  the  interpretations  adopted  by  the International  Accounting  Standards  Board,  the  SAICA Financial Reporting Guides as issued by the Accounting Practices Committee and the Financial Reporting Pronouncements  as  issued  by  the  Financial  Reporting Standards  Council,  the  JSE  LR  and  in  terms  of  the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa.

## CEO and Financial Director Responsibility Statement

Each  of  the  directors,  whose  names  are  stated  below, hereby confirm that:

- the annual financial statements set out on pages 40 to  126,  fairly  present  in  all  material  respects  the financial  position,  financial  performance  and  cash flows of the Group and Company in terms of IFRS;
- to  the  best  of  our  knowledge  and  beliefs,  no  facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make the annual financial statements false or misleading;
- internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the Group and its consolidated subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the annual financial statements of the Group and Company;
- the  internal  financial  controls  are  adequate  and effective  and  can  be  relied  upon  in  compiling  the annual financial statements, having fulfilled our role

## Preparation of the Financial Statements

The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards for the year ended 30 June 2022, which appear on pages 40 to 126, has been supervised by the Financial Director of Conduit Capital Limited, Mr LE Louw.

<!-- image -->

LE LOUW Financial Director

Johannesburg 21 August 2024

MS

<!-- image -->

and  function  as  executive  directors  with  primary responsibility  for  implementation  and  execution  of controls;

- Where we are not satisfied, we have disclosed to the Audit Committee and the auditors any deficiencies in design and operational effectiveness of the internal financial  controls,  and  have  taken  steps  to  remedy the deficiencies; and
- We are not aware of any fraud involving directors.

The  directors'  responsibility  also  includes  maintaining adequate accounting records and an effective system of risk management.

The directors have made an assessment of the Group's and Company's ability to continue as a going concern and there is no reason to believe that the Group and Company will not be going concerns in the year ahead.

The auditors are responsible for reporting on whether the consolidated and separate financial statements are fairly presented in accordance with IFRS and in terms of the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa and their report is presented on pages 37 to 39.

The  consolidated  and  separate  financial  statements  of the Group and Company for the year ended 30 June 2022 were  approved  by  the  Board  of  directors  on  21  August 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:

<!-- image -->

LCH CHOU Chief Executive Officer

LE LOUW

Financial Director

Cape Town 21 August 2024

Johannesburg 21 August 2024

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Shareholders of Conduit Capital Limited

## Disclaimer of Opinion on Consolidated Financial Statements and Unqualified Opinion on the Separate Financial Statements

We were engaged to audit the consolidated financial statements and have audited the separate financial statements of Conduit Capital Limited (the group and company) set out on pages 40 to 126, which comprise the consolidated and separate statements of financial position as at 30 June 2022, and the consolidated and separate statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated and separate statements of changes in equity and consolidated and separate statements of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

We do not express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements of Conduit Capital Limited. Because of the significance of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion on Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report, we have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these consolidated financial statements.

In  our  opinion,  the  separate  financial  statements  present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  separate  financial position of Conduit Capital Limited as at 30 June 2022, and its separate financial performance and separate cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa.

## Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion on Consolidated Financial Statements

As indicated in Note 53 to the financial statements, Constantia Insurance Company Limited (CICL), the group's largest operating subsidiary, was placed under provisional curatorship on 26 July 2022 and went under provisional liquidation on 14 September 2022 by order of the High Court on application by the Prudential Authority ("PA"). With the liquidation of CICL, the group ceased having full control over the affairs of CICL, including over the financial reporting function and should have been deconsolidated. As at the reporting date, the accounts of CICL formed part of the consolidated financial statements, however we were unable to gain access to the supporting documents used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The financial results of CICL are material in respect of the consolidated financial statements. The possible effect of the matter did not affect the separate financial statements.

Due to the matter above, we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence that the consolidated financial  statements  as  at  30  June  2022  were  free  of  material  misstatement.  We  were  also  unable  to  satisfy ourselves by alternative means concerning the consolidated financial statements.

## Basis for Opinion on Separate Financial Statements

We conducted our audit of the separate financial statements in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the group  and  company  in  accordance  with  the  Independent  Regulatory  Board  for  Auditors'  Code  of  Professional Conduct for Registered Auditors (IRBA Code) and other independence requirements applicable to performing audits of financial statements in South Africa. We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IRBA Code and in accordance with other ethical requirements applicable to performing audits in South Africa. The IRBA  Code  is  consistent  with  the  corresponding  sections  of  the  International  Ethics  Standards  Board  for Accountants'  International  Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants  (including  International  Independence Standards).

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Audit. Tax. Advisory

Chairperson: Mrs A Ramasike

SABST Chartered Accountants Incorporated tla Nexia SABST

Chief Executive Officer: Mr MF Sulaman

Company Registration Number: 1997/018869/21 | IRBA Registration Number: 921297

B-BBEE

Offices in: Bloemfontein; Cape Town; Centurion; Durban, Johannesburg, Kimberley; Nelspruit, Polokwane, Port Elizabeth; Rustenburg

SABST Chartered Accountants Incorporated is a member of Nexia

Level 1 Contributor in terms of Generic Scorecard

B-BBEE Codes of Good Practice rating:

SABST Chartered Accountants Incorporated is an authorised financial services provider;

leading; global network of independent accounting and consulting firms.

Afull list of directors is available for inspection at the company's registered office or on request.

119 Witch-Hazel Avenue Highveld Technopark Centurion 0157

T: +27 (0) 12 682 8800

info@nexia-sabt.co.za www nexia-sabt.co.za

## Material uncertainty related to going concern

We  draw attention to Note 52 in the financial statements. The company incurred a net loss of R323,2 million during the year ended 30 June 2022 and, as of that date, the c ompany's current liabilities exceeded its current assets by R4,2 million. As stated in Note 52, these events or conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 52, indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the c ompany's ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion on the company is not modified in respect of this matter.

## Other Information

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in  the  document titled  ' Conduit Capital Limited Integrated Annual Report 2022 ',  which  includes  the  Directors' Report, the Audit Committee's Report, the Company Secretary's Certificate as required by the Companies Act of South Africa and the Directors' Responsibility and Approval of the Annual Financial Statements which includes the Directors Confirmation as required by the JSE Limited Listing Requirements. The other information does not include the consolidated or the separate financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other  information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the consolidated and separate financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be  materially  misstated.  If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements

The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and separate financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the consolidated and separate financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group and c ompany's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the group and/or the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  and  separate  financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated and separate financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  ISAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain  professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and separate financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the group and the c ompany's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may

<!-- image -->

cast significant doubt on the group and the c ompany's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated and separate financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the group and/ or the company to cease to continue as a going concern.

- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated and separate financial statements, including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  and  separate  financial  statements  represent  the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the group to express an opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements. We are  responsible  for  the  direction,  supervision  and  performance  of  the  group  audit.  We  remain  solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In terms of the IRBA Rule published in Government Gazette Number 39475 dated 4 December 2015, we report that Nexia SAB&amp;T has been the auditor of Conduit Capital Limited for 2 years.

<!-- image -->

Nexia SAB&amp;T M F Sulaman Director Registered Auditor 21 August 2024

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

| Notes  GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  315 935  640 354  85 291  426 442  Property, plant and equipment  15  38 191  58 901  -  -  Intangible assets  16  21 108  89 376  -  -  Finance lease receivables  17  14 653  -  -  -  Loans receivable  18  1 162  1 044  -  -  Insurance, trade and other receivables  19  87 556  100 921  320  -  Deferred taxation  20  666  116 330  114  88  Investment in associates  21 &amp; 40  46 023  37 080  -  -  Investment in subsidiaries  22  -  -  84 857  426 354  Investments held at fair value  23  106 573  236 702  -  -  Current assets  1 004 858  765 775  38 249  2 989  Insurance assets  24  561 561  448 381  -  -  Finance lease receivables  17  2 410  -  -  -  Loans receivable  18  5 629  -  -  -  Inventory  25  -  -  -  -  Insurance, trade and other receivables  19  197 504  158 274  422  642  Taxation  677  350  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents  26  237 077  158 770  37 827  2 347  Assets held for sale  27  -  2 715  -  -  Total assets  1 320 793  1 408 844  123 540  429 431  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Capital and reserves  (299 669)  17 253  80 967  404 120  Stated capital  28  1 158 569  1 158 569  1 339 250  1 339 250  Accumulated losses  (1 459 032)  (1 140 525)  (1 258 283)  (935 130)  Equity attributable to owners of the parent  (300 463)  18 044  80 967  404 120  Non-controlling interest  794  (791)  -  -  Non-current liabilities  76 565  86 237  114  88  Policyholder liabilities under insurance contracts  29  27 063  26 872  -  -  Lease liabilities  31  45 748  49 073  -  -  Deferred taxation  20  3 754  10 292  114  88  Current liabilities  1 543 897  1 305 354  42 459  25 223  Insurance liabilities  24  771 315  636 714  -  -  Interest-bearing borrowings  30  -  -  3 792  3 707  Lease liabilities  31  8 409  8 801  -  -  Advances payable  32  8 539  11 089  37 392  20 447  Insurance, trade and other payables  33  752 184  647 080  1 275  1 069  Taxation  3 450  1 670  -  -  Total equity and liabilities  1 320 793  1 408 844  125 540  429 431   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| Notes  GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Gross written premium  34.1  2 110 519  1 949 246  -  -  Reinsurance premium  (1 829 894)  (1 685 437)  -  -  Net written premium  280 625  263 809  -  -  Net change in provision for unearned premium  (6 444)  5 236  -  -  Net premium income  274 181  269 045  -  -  Reinsurance commissions received  845 215  832 077  -  -  Other income  34.2  16 960  19 944  -  -  Rental income  36.1  1 673  1 510  -  -  Income from insurance operations  1 138 029  1 122 576  -  -  Total insurance expenses  (1 135 114)  (1 131 376)  -  -  Net claims and movement in claims reserves  35  (138 404)  (153 907)  -  -  Insurance contract acquisition costs  (316 101)  (287 345)  -  -  Administration and marketing expenses  (658 892)  (680 863)  -  -  Other operating expenses  36.2  (21 717)  (9 261)  -  -  Net underwriting profit (loss)  2 915  (8 800)  -  -  Net non-insurance expenses  (27 835)  (27 415)  (10 633)  (16 687)  Other income  34.2  64 245  69 340  -  -  Cost of sales  37  (31 816)  (19 049)  -  -  Administration and marketing expense  (54 195)  (72 466)  (10 615)  (16 861)  Other operating expenses  36.3  (6 069)  (5 240)  (21)  174  Operating loss  (24 920)  (36 215)  (10 633)  (16 687)  Investment (loss) income  38  (84 300)  (138 031)  964  80  Finance charges  39  (9 153)  (8 117)  (87)  (71)  Share of profit (loss) of associate  21  5 017  (4 029)  -  -  Other non-operating expenses and losses  36.4  (93 351)  (95 474)  (313 397)  (200 000)  Loss before taxation  41  (206 707)  (281 866)  (323 153)  (216 678)  Taxation  44  (113 532)  136 104  -  -  Loss for the year  (320 239)  (145 762)  (323 153)  (216 678)  Total comprehensive loss  (320 239)  (145 762)  (323 153)  (216 678)  Attributable to:  Equity holders of the parent  (318 507)  (145 774)  Non-controlling interest  (1 732)  12  Total comprehensive loss  (320 239)  (145 762)  Loss per share (cents)  - Basic and diluted  46.6.1  (46.3)  (21.1)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

| ## GROUP  Stated  capital  Treasury  shares  Accumulated  losses  Non-  controlling  interest  Total  Notes  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Balance at 1 July 2020  1 314 964  (146 370)  (994 751)  1 617  175 460  Total comprehensive (loss) profit for the year  -  -  (145 774)  12  (145 762)  Dividends paid  -  -  -  (200)  (200)  Treasury stock acquired through subsidiaries  -  (10 025)  -  -  (10 025)  Disposal of subsidiaries  47.4  -  -  -  (735)  (735)  Loan funding repaid  -  -  -  (1 485)  (1 485)  Balance at 30 June 2021  1 314 964  (156 395)  (1 140 525)  (791)  17 253  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  (318 507)  (1 732)  (320 239)  Dividends paid  -  -  -  (686)  (686)  Disposal of subsidiaries  47.4  -  -  -  4 169  4 169  Loan funding repaid  -  -  -  (166)  (166)  Balance at 30 June 2022  1 314 964  (156 395)  (1 459 032)  794  (299 669)  (Refer note 28)  (Refer note 28)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## COMPANY  Stated  capital  Accumulated  losses  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  Balance at 1 July 2020  1 339 250  (718 452)  620 798  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (216 678)  (216 678)  Balance at 30 June 2021  1 339 250  (935 130)  404 120  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (323 153)  (323 153)  Balance at 30 June 2022  1 339 250  (1 258 283)  80 967   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

| Notes  GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Cash flows from operating activities  109 111  (7 480)  (9 565)  (17 458)  Cash generated by (utilised in) operations  47.2  109 887  (6 557)  (10 527)  (17 538)  Interest received  38  4 253  2 141  964  80  Finance charges  39  (2 834)  (352)  (2)  -  Dividends received from investments  38  716  1 168  -  -  Taxation paid  47.3  (2 911)  (3 880)  -  -  Cash flows from investing activities  (15 299)  43 719  45 045  16 979  Payments for loan funding advanced: Finance lease  receivables  17  (1 206)  -  -  -  Payments for loans advanced to third parties  18  (5 747)  (150)  -  -  Proceeds from loans repaid by third parties  18  -  4 936  -  -  Payments for acquisition of associates  21  (42 000)  -  -  -  Proceeds from disposal of associates  21  -  5 394  -  -  Payments for loans advanced to associates  21  (3 392)  (3 646)  -  -  Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries (net cash disposed  of)  47.4  16  -  -  -  Outflows on disposal of subsidiaries (net of cash disposed  of)  -  (6 271)  -  -  Payments for loans advanced to associates  22 &amp; 48.3  -  -  (7 729)  (7 707)  Proceeds from loans repaid from subsidiaries  22 &amp; 48.3  -  -  35 829  4 239  Proceeds from advances received from subsidiaries  32 &amp; 48.3  -  -  16 948  20 447  Payments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment  15  (2 323)  (2 051)  -  -  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  15  868  1 190  -  -  Proceeds from disposal of property held for sale  -  14 500  -  -  Payments for acquisition of intangible assets  16  (859)  (1 520)  -  -  Payments for acquisition of financial investments  23  (204)  (1 111)  -  -  Proceeds from disposal of financial investments  23  39 548  32 448  -  -  Cash flows from financing activities  (15 505)  (26 601)  -  (30)  Payments for shares repurchased  28  -  (10 025)  -  -  Dividends paid to minorities  (686)  (200)  -  -  Repayments of minority shareholders' loans  (166)  (1 485)  -  -  Interest bearing borrowings repaid  30  -  -  -  (30)  Proceeds from advances received from third parties  32  -  75  -  -  Advances by third parties repaid  32  (400)  -  -  -  Proceeds from loan funding received: Leases  31  751  650  -  -  Loan funding repaid: Leases  31  (15 004)  (15 616)  -  -  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  78 307  9 638  35 480  (509)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  158 770  149 132  2 347  2 856  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  26  237 077  158 770  37 827  2 347   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS OF EARNINGS

## Segment Reporting

The  Group  operates  two  main  business  segments:  Insurance  and  Risk,  and  Investments.  In  identifying  its  operating segments, Mr Sean Riskowitz (Group  CEO), the chief operating decision maker during the year under review, generally followed the Group's product lines, which represent the main services provided by the Group.

The Group's products relating to the Insurance and Risk segment comprise insurance policies sold to clients. Selling of these products  also  gives  rise  to  associated  sources  of  income,  e.g.  reinsurance  commissions,  other  fee  income  and commissions, etc.

The  Group's  products  relating  to  the  Investments  segment  include  property  sales  and  claims  management  services provided by investee companies that are classified as subsidiaries of the Group, as well as long-term listed and unlisted investment holdings that are not classified as subsidiaries and that generate investment, and/or equity accounted profits and losses throughout the investment term.

Each of these operating segments is managed separately as each one requires different technologies and other resources, as well as marketing approaches (if any). All inter-segment transfers are carried out at arm's length prices.

The segment information provided to the chief operating decision maker, the Group's executive committee and the board of directors for the year ended 30 June 2022 is reflected below. The table indicates from where the Group's revenue has been earned. The revenue earned by associates of the Group, in their own capacities, has been disclosed in note 21.

The measurement policies the Group uses for segment reporting under IFRS 8 are the same as those used in its financial statements.

| Notes  Insurance  and Risk  Investments  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022  Income from operations  1A  1 138 029  32 429  1 170 458  Expenses  1B  (1 135 114)  (46 044)  (1 181 158)  Operating result  2 915  (13 615)  (10 700)  Equity accounted profit  4 962  55  5 017  Investment (loss) profit  2 731  (88 077)  (85 346)  Other  1C  (14 610)  (53 521)  (68 131)  Loss before head office expenses and taxation  (4 002)  (155 158)  (159 160)  Unallocated net head office expenses  -  -  (47 547)  Taxation  (113 282)  (250)  (113 532)  Loss for the year  (117 284)  (155 408)  (320 239)  Capital utilised  Capital employed at end of year  (293 684)  295 620  (299 669)  Reallocation  295 620  (295 620)  -  Capital utilised at end of year  1 936  -  (299 669)  Average capital utilised during the year  45 831  8 351  (31 830)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group does not report measures of total assets or liabilities per reportable segment to the chief operating decision maker.

The Group has no foreign non-current assets, other than certain rights under insurance contracts, which are fully covered by a similar sized creditor reflected under current liabilities.

## SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS OF EARNINGS CONTINUED

| Notes  Insurance  and Risk  Investments  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  Domestic revenue and total revenue can be reconciled to income from  operations as follows:  - Domestic insurance revenue  1 935 786  -  1 935 786  - Non-insurance revenue  16 960  74 745  91 705  - Total domestic revenue  1 952 746  74 745  2 027 491  - Inter-segment revenue  -  (10 500)  (10 500)  - Domestic revenue from external customers  1 952 746  64 245  2 016 991  - Foreign insurance revenue  174 733  -  174 733  - Total revenue from external customers, as reported  34  2 127 479  64 245  2 191 724  - Reinsurance premium  (1 829 894)  -  (1 829 894)  - Net change in provision for unearned premium  (6 444)  -  (6 444)  - Reinsurance commission received  845 215  -  845 215  - Rental income  36.1  1 673  -  1 673  - Cost of sales  37  -  (31 816)  (31 816)  - Consolidation adjustment  -  -  -  - Income from operations  1 138 029  32 429  1 170 458  The Group has no single customer that contributes more than 2.0%  of total  revenue.  No  foreign  country  contributes  to  more  than  2.0%  of  total  Group  revenue.  Expenses have been derived as follows:  - Total insurance expenses  (1 135 114)  -  (1 135 114)  - Administration and marketing expense (non-insurance)  -  (54 195)  (54 195)  - Other operating expenses (non-insurance)  -  (6 069)  (6 069)  Unallocated net head office expenses excluded from the above  - As reported  -  47 547  47 547  - Impairment of goodwill reflected in other non-operating expenses and losses  -  (34 371)  (34 371)  - Consolidation adjustment  -  1 044  1 044  (1 135 114)  (46 044)  (1 181 158)  Included in the Operating result are the following items:  - Net claims and movement in claims reserves  (138 404)  -  (138 404)  - Insurance contract acquisition costs  (316 101)  -  (316 101)  - Fees paid to outsourced service providers  (411 835)  -  (411 835)  - Consulting fees paid  (11 951)  (687)  (12 638)  - Depreciation and amortisation  (10 905)  (13 610)  (24 515)  - Foreign exchange losses  (398  (29)  369  - Impairments  (8 518)  (5 941)  (14 459)  - Legal fees  (3 850)  (68)  (3 918)  - Short term lease charges  (728)  (382)  (1 110)  - Secretarial fees  (14)  (14)  (28)  - Staff costs  (111 584)  (19 893)  (131 477)  Included in Other are the following items:  - Impairments (non-operational)  (1 232)  -  (1 232)  - Impairment of associate  s  (2 112)  (45 264)  (47 376)  - Impairment of goodwi  ll  -  (11 068)  (11 068)  - Interest paid  (8 896)  (255)  (9 151)  - Profit on disposal of subsidiaries  -  3 020  3 020  - (Loss) profit on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (2 370)  46  (2 324)  (14 610)  (53 521)  (68 131)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS OF EARNINGS CONTINUED

| Notes  Insurance  and Risk  Investments  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  In addition to the items detailed above, the Loss before head office expenses  and taxation include the following items:  - Interest income  2 846  1 988  4 834  YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021  Income from operations  2A  1 122 576  50 261  1 172 837  Expenses  2B  (1 131 376)  (55 597)  (1 186 973)  Operating result  (8 800)  (5 336)  (14 136)  Equity accounted loss  -  (4 029)  (4 029)  Investment loss  (8 793)  (128 651)  (137 444)  Other  2C  (100 269)  (4 042)  (104 311)  Loss before head office expenses and taxation  (117 862)  (142 058)  (259 920)  Unallocated net head office expenses  -  -  (21 946)  Taxation  101 862  34 242  136 104  Loss for the year  (16 000)  (107 816)  (145 762)  Capital utilised  Capital employed at end of year  3 928  51 003  17 253  Reallocation  48 959  (48 959)  -  Capital utilised at end of year  52 887  2 044  17 253  Average capital utilised during the year  82 357  32 920  86 895  Domestic revenue and total revenue can be reconciled to Income from  operations as follows:  - Domestic insurance revenue  1 865 677  -  1 865 677  - Non-insurance revenue  19 944  79 756  99 700  - Total domestic revenue  1 885 621  79 756  1 965 377  - Inter-segment revenue  -  (10 416)  (10 416)  - Domestic revenue from external customers  1 885 621  69 340  1 954 961  - Foreign insurance revenue  83 569  -  83 569  - Total revenue from external customers, as reported  34  1 969 190  69 340  2 038 530  - Reinsurance premium  (1 685 437)  -  (1 685 437)  - Net charge in provision for unearned premium  5 236  -  5 236  - Reinsurance commission received  832 077  -  832 077  - Rental income  36.1  1 510  -  1 510  - Cost of sales  37  -  (19 049)  (19 049)  - Consolidation adjustment  -  (30)  (30)  - Income from operations  1 122 576  50 261  1 172 837  Expenses have been derived as follows:  From the Statement of Proft or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  - Total insurance expenses  (1 131 376)  -  (1 131 376)  - Administration and marketing expense (non-insurance)  -  (72 466)  (72 466)  - Other operating expenses (non-insurance)  -  (5 240)  (5 240)  Unallocated net heard office expenses excluded from the above  -  21 946  21 946  Consolidation adjustment  -  163  163  (1 131 376)  (55 597)  (1 186 973)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS OF EARNINGS CONTINUED

| Notes  Insurance  and Risk  Investments  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  Included in Loss before head office expenses and taxation are the following:  - Net claims and movement in claims reserves  (153 907)  -  (153 907)  - Insurance contract acquisition costs  (287 345)  -  (287 345)  - Fees paid to outsourced service providers  (449 130)  -  (449 130)  - Consulting fees paid  (13 768)  (7 002)  (20 770)  - Depreciation and amortisation  (13 892)  (10 783)  (24 675)  - Foreign exchange losses  (4 054)  -  (4 054)  - Impairments  (5 207)  (4 514)  (9 721)  - Legal fees  (3 970)  (176)  (4 146)  - Short term lease charges  (447)  (619)  (1 066)  - Secretarial fees  (196)  (42)  (238)  - Staff costs  (123 279)  (19 249)  (142 528)  Included in Other are the following items:  - Impairments (non-operational)  (87 591)  -  (87 591)  - Impairment of goodwill  -  (5 505)  (5 505)  - Interest paid  (7 317)  (677)  (7 994)  - (Loss) profit on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (5 361)  411  (4 950)  - Profit on disposal of associate  -  1 729  1 729  In addition to the items above, the Loss before head office expenses and  taxation include the following items:  - Interest income  3 445  1 747  5 192   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

The Group's consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IFRS'), the SAICA Financial Reporting Guides as issued by the Accounting Practices Committee, the IFRIC Interpretations by the IFRS Interpretations Committee, the Financial Reporting Pronouncements as issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Council, the South African Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008 and the Listings Requirements of JSE Limited. The Group's Financial Statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for the measurement of investment properties and certain financial instruments at fair value, the application of the equity method in accounting for investments in associate and the valuation of long-term policyholder liabilities on a financial soundness valuation basis. The Financial Statements incorporate the principal accounting policies set out below and which are consistent with those applied in the annual financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2021, except for the adoption of IFRS 7: Financial Instruments: Disclosures. There was no material impact to the Group on adopting the amendments.

It should be noted that, as IFRS is implemented internationally, evolving practices with regard to the interpretation and application of standards under IFRS could impact future reported results and disclosure.

The  significant  accounting  policies  have  been  included  in  the  relevant  notes  in  the  Financial  Statements.  Those accounting policies considered to be of a general nature and not relating to a specific note have been disclosed below.

## 2. SIGNIFICANT JUDGEMENTS AND SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

The preparation of annual financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management, from time to time, to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. These estimates and associated assumptions are based on experience and various other  factors  that  are  believed  to  be  reasonable  under  the  circumstances.  Actual  results  may  differ  from  these estimates. The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.

The  significant  judgements  made  by  management  in  applying  accounting  policies,  apart  from  those  involving estimations, that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements, are outlined as follows:

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

## Impairment testing

The Group reviews and tests the carrying value of assets when events or changes in circumstances suggest that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. When such indicators exist, management determine the recoverable amount by  performing  value  in  use  and  fair  value  calculations.  These  calculations  require  the  use  of  estimates  and assumptions.  When  it  is  not  possible  to  determine  the  recoverable  amount  for  an  individual  asset,  management assesses the recoverable amount for the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs.

Refer to notes 16.2, 1.4, 18, 21, 23.2, 27 and 40 for further information.

## Insurance liabilities

Insurance contract accounting requires that estimates and judgements be made. In particular, judgement is required in  the  determination  of  the  Outstanding  Claims  Reserve  and  Incurred  but  Not  Reported  ("IBNR")  provision.  These estimates are based on best practice applications of actuarial and claims estimation techniques. These techniques essentially  rely  on  developments  measured  in  the  past,  applied  into  the  future  and  judgement  applied.  The  key judgement  relates  to  the  extent  to  which  the  past  can  be  used  as  a  measure  of  the  current  expectations,  where operational and business expert input help ensure appropriate judgement is applied. In addition, estimation is required in projecting liability outflow and expected future premiums and discounting these cashflows at the valuation date based on the valuation interest rate.

Refer to notes 29.3, 24 and 49.6 for a detailed explanation of the reserves raided and the effect of COVID-19 on the assumptions and significant judgements.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 2. SIGNIFICANT JUDGEMENTS AND SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)

## Taxation

The tax expense and liability are management's estimate of the final tax liability of the entity, which will be finalised once assessed by the Revenue authorities.

Management believes that the estimates and assumptions that were used in order to make these judgements at the end of the reporting period are reasonable.

Refer to notes 20 and 44 for further information.

## Investment in unlisted equities

Estimates and judgements are exercised in the valuation of unlisted shares (note 23.2). Fair values are determined either by way of discounting future cash flows where reliable information is available or by using the net asset value of the investment, as appropriate to the circumstances of each individual investment.

## 3. BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION

The  consolidated  Financial  Statements  include  the  financial  position,  results  and  cash  flow  information  of  the Company and its subsidiaries, including its share trust. The results of subsidiaries acquired and disposed of during the reporting  period  are  included  in  the  consolidated  Financial  Statements  from  the  date  that  effective  control  was acquired and up to the date that effective control ceased. Control exists when the Group is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its ability to direct the relevant activities over the entity.

On acquisition, the Group recognises the subsidiary's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities at fair value, except for assets classified as held-for-sale, which are recognised at fair value less cost to sell. The excess of cost of shares acquired over the fair value of subsidiaries' identifiable net assets at dates of acquisition is expressed as goodwill. Goodwill is carried at cost and is assessed annually for impairment.

## Business combinations

The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. The cost of the business combination is measured as the aggregate of the fair values of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments issued. Costs directly attributable to the business combination are expensed as incurred, except the costs to issue debt which are amortised as part of the effective interest and costs to issue equity which are included in equity.

The acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that meet the recognition conditions of IFRS 3: Business  combinations  are  recognised  at  their  fair  values  at  acquisition  date,  except  for  non-current  assets  (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5: Non-current assets Held For Sale and Discontinued Operations, which are recognised at fair value less costs to sell.

On acquisition, the acquiree's assets and liabilities are reassessed in terms of classification and are reclassified where the classification is inappropriate for group purposes. This excludes lease agreements and insurance contracts; whose classification remains as per their inception date.

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## 4.1. Initial recognition

Financial instruments held by the group are classified in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 9: Financial Instruments.

Broadly, the classification possibilities, which are adopted by the Group, as applicable, are as follows:

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 4.1 Initial recognition (continued)

## Financial assets

- Equity instruments which are mandatorily recognised at fair value through profit or loss; and
- Loans to fellow group companies, loans receivable and trade and other receivables which are recognised at amortised cost.

## Financial liabilities

- Amortised cost

Note 11 presents the financial instruments held by the Group based on their specific classifications.

The Group classifies financial instruments, or their component parts, on initial recognition as a financial asset, a financial liability or an equity instrument in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised on the statement of financial position when the Group or the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or have  been  transferred  and  the  Group  or  Company  has  transferred  substantially  all  risks  and  rewards  of ownership.

Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expired.

Financial assets carried at amortised cost are subject to impairment testing.

## 4.2. Initial and subsequent measurement

These instruments are measured as follows:

Financial instruments are initially measured at fair value, except for trade receivables which are measured at the transaction price. Refer to detail provided below for each type of financial instrument.

## Third party loans, insurance, trade and other receivables

Loans,  insurance,  trade  and  other  receivables  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value  and  are  subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, provided that the Group's and the Company's objective in holding the assets is to realise the contractual cashflows and that cashflows associated with the assets  comprise  only  payments  of  principal  and  interest  amounts  thereon,  on  specified  dates.  If  these conditions are not met, they are subsequently measured at fair value.

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash-on-hand and demand deposits, and other short-term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortised cost.

## Financial liabilities

Financial  liabilities,  including  insurance,  trade  and  other  payables,  loans  payable  and  other  liabilities,  are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 4.3. Gains or losses

A gain or loss arising from a change in a financial asset or liability is recognised as follows:

- a gain or loss on a financial asset or liability classified as at fair value through profit or loss is recognised in profit or loss; and
- where financial assets and liabilities are carried at amortised cost, a gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss through the amortisation process, or when the financial asset or liability is derecognised or impaired.

## 4.4. Loans and advances to/from group companies

These include loans and advances to/from subsidiaries, associates and fellow subsidiaries and are carried at amortised cost.

## 4.5. Impairment of financial assets

The Group considers a broad range of information when assessing credit risk and measuring expected credit losses, including past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the expected collectability of the future cash flows of the instrument.

In applying this forward-looking approach, a distinction is made between:

- financial instruments that have not deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition or that have a low credit risk (Stage 1);
- financial assets that have deteriorated significantly in quality since initial recognition and whose credit risk is not low (Stage 2); and
- financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date (Stage 3).

12  month  expected  credit  losses  are  recognised  for  Stage  1,  while  lifetime  expected  credit  losses  are recognised for Stages 2 and 3.

Measurement of the expected credit losses is determined by the probability-weighted estimate of credit losses over the expected life of the financial instrument, taking into account the time value of money.

A loan is in default when there is evidence that the borrower is in significant financial difficulty such that it will have insufficient funds to repay the loan on demand. This is assessed based on a number of factors including cash flow projections and various liquidity and solvency ratios.

Insurance, trade and other receivables are in default when a debtor has exceeded their payment terms as prescribed by the Group or Company or shows signs of financial difficulty, such as not being liquid or solvent or being under business rescue.

A  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  ("SICR")  assessment  is  performed  qualitatively  by  reference  to  the borrower's cash flow and liquid asset position. The risk that the borrower will default on a demand loan depends on whether the borrower has enough cash or other liquid assets to repay the loan immediately (low risk of default) or insufficient cash or other liquid assets to repay the loan immediately (potential risk of default).

At year end, the Group considers whether there was a SICR based on the accounting policy. In respect of loans repayable on demand, if there is no SICR, then it can be concluded that the risk of default is 0%, thus no expected credit loss ("ECL") allowance should be recognised. If there is a SICR, then the Group evaluates the different recovery options and credit loss scenarios to assess the risk of default.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 4.5 Impairment of financial assets (continued)

The Group makes use of a simplified approach in accounting for trade and other receivables and records the loss allowances as lifetime expected credit losses. These are the expected shortfalls in contractual cash flows, considering the potential for default at any point during the lifetime of the financial instrument. In calculating the  potential  for  default,  the  Group  uses  its  historical  experience,  external  indicators  and  forward-looking information to calculate the ECL by using a provision matrix and analysis. The general approach is used in accounting  for  insurance  and  reinsurance  receivables  and  recognises  loss  allowances  on  either  a  twelvemonth  expected  credit  loss  or  lifetime  expected  credit  losses,  depending  on  whether  there  has  been  a significant increase in credit risk.

The Group and Company will only write off any long outstanding balances considered to be irrecoverable after having made every practicable effort to recover those balances. Efforts to recover include the involvement of client relationship managers and/or portfolio managers responsible for the client, incorporating the appropriate escalation processes where necessary. No further enforcement activity takes place subsequent to the writeoff.

## Reinsurance assets

The Group assesses at each statement of financial position date whether there is objective evidence that reinsurance  assets  are  in  default.  The  reinsurance  assets  are  assessed  as  being  in  default  only  if  there  is objective  evidence  of  impairment  as  a  result  of  one  or  more  events  that  have  occurred  after  the  initial recognition of the asset (a "loss event") and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the reinsurance asset that can be reliably estimated.

Objective evidence that a reinsurance asset is in default includes observable data that comes to the attention of the Group about the following events:

- significant financial difficulty of the reinsurer;
- a breach of contract, such as default; or
- it becomes probable that the reinsurer will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

The carrying amount of the asset is reduced and the amount of the loss is recognised in profit or loss. If in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to  an  event  occurring  after  the  impairment  was  recognised,  the  previously  recognised  impairment  loss  is reversed in profit or loss.

The  Group  makes  use  of  a  simplified  approach  in  accounting  for  reinsurance  assets  and  records  the  loss allowances as lifetime expected credit losses. These are the expected shortfalls in contractual cash flows, considering the potential for default at any point during the lifetime of the financial instrument. In calculating the  potential  for  default,  the  Group  uses  its  historical  experience,  external  indicators  and  forward-looking information.

## Receivables related to insurance contracts

The Group assesses its insurance receivables, which includes amounts due from insurance contract holders, for impairment at the end of each reporting period and makes judgements as to whether there is observable data  indicating  a  measurable  decrease  in  the  estimated  cash  flows  from  a  financial  asset.  The  areas  of uncertainty lies with assessing the recoverability of the receivables and the ability of the third party to meet the obligation of payment. Forward looking factors like cash flows, which are not certain, are also considered.

## 4.6. Impairment of other assets

The Group assesses at each statement of financial position date whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. If it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of the individual asset, the recoverable amount of the cashgenerating  unit  to  which  the  asset  belongs  is  determined.  The  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  or  cashgenerating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## 4.6 Impairment of other assets (continued)

If the recoverable amount of an asset is less than its carrying value, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. The reduction is an impairment loss which is immediately recognised in profit or loss.

A reversal of an impairment loss of assets carried at cost less accumulated depreciation or amortisation other than goodwill is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## 5. INSURANCE CONTRACTS

## 5.1. Classification of insurance contracts

A contract is classified as an insurance contract if it is a contract under which the Group's insurance entities accept  significant  insurance  risk  from  another  party,  the  policyholder,  by  agreeing  to  compensate  the policyholder or other beneficiary if a specified uncertain future event, the insured event, adversely affects the policyholder. Such contracts are accounted for in terms of IFRS 4 - Insurance Contracts.

Insurance risk is risk other than financial risk, transferred from the holder of a contract to the issuer. Financial risk  is  defined  as  the  risk  of  a  possible  future  change  in  one  or  more  of  a  specified  interest  rate,  financial instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, index of prices or rates, credit rating or credit index or other variable, provided in the case of a non-financial variable that the variable is not specific to a party to the contract.

An insurance risk is significant if the benefits to be paid under the contract, if the insured event occurs, are materially higher than any benefit to be paid under the contract should the insured event not occur.

The Group classifies financial guarantee contracts as insurance contracts.

## 5.2. Recognition and measurement of insurance contracts

## 5.2.1. Premiums

Premium income relates to premiums received on insurance contract business entered into during the reporting period, irrespective of whether the risk cover in terms of that contract relates in whole or in part to later accounting periods, together with any adjustments to premiums recognised in prior accounting periods and changes to the unearned premium liability. Premiums are shown gross of commission payable to intermediaries and management fees payable to underwriting managers and exclude value added taxation levied on premiums, where applicable.

Premiums are recognised as revenue (earned premiums) proportionally over the period of cover provided  by  the  insurance  contract.  The  portion  of  premium  received  on  in-force  contracts  that relates to unexpired risks at the reporting date is reported as the  unearned premium liability. The liability is generally calculated on a time proportionate basis.

## 5.2.2. Acquisition costs and deferred acquisition costs

Acquisition costs, which include commissions paid to intermediaries, are recognised over the period in which the related premiums are earned. A deferred acquisition cost asset is recognised in respect of costs paid relating to premium income which remains unearned as at the reporting date.

## 5.2.3. Claims

Claims paid are recognised in profit or loss and consists of claims and related expenses paid during the reporting period and changes in the provision for outstanding claims, together with any other adjustments to claims estimates from previous years. Where applicable, adjustments are made for salvage and subrogation recoveries received.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 5. INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)

## 5.2 Recognition and measurement of insurance contracts (continued)

The provision for outstanding claims comprises the Group's estimate of the undiscounted ultimate cost of settling all claims incurred but unpaid at the reporting date, whether reported or not, and related internal and external claims handling expenses. Related anticipated reinsurance recoveries are disclosed separately as assets. These estimated reinsurance and other recoveries are assessed in a manner similar to the assessment of the claims outstanding. Outstanding claims are stated net of expected subrogation and salvage recoveries.

Adjustments to  the  amounts  of  claims  provisions  established  in  prior  years  are  reflected  in  the Financial Statements for the period in which the adjustments are made. Liabilities for unpaid claims are  estimated  using  the  input  of  assessments  for  individual  cases  reported  to  the  Group  and statistical analyses, including an implicit risk margin to allow for the ultimate cost of claims incurred but not reported, and to estimate the expected ultimate cost of more complex claims that may be affected by external factors such as court rulings. The methods used to value these provisions, and the estimates made, are reviewed regularly.

## 5.2.4. Profit commission

In terms of agreements entered into with the underwriting managers, whereby a profit commission will become due and payable if a loss ratio below a stipulated level is achieved, a provision is made to cover estimated profit commissions payable. The provision is based on the performance of the affected underwriting managers as at the reporting date. However, this provision may change should the  results  be  affected  by  any  claims  developments  after  this  date.  Final  payment  of  profit commissions is only made after these subsequent claims developments.

## 5.2.5. Reinsurance

Reinsurance  contracts  are  contracts  entered  into  by  the  Group  with  reinsurers  under  which  the Group is compensated for the entire or a portion of losses arising on one or more of the insurance contracts issued by the Group.

The Group cedes reinsurance in the normal course of business for the purpose of limiting its net loss exposure.  Reinsurance  arrangements  do  not  relieve  the  Group  from  its  direct  obligations  to  its policyholders.

Only  contracts  that  give  rise  to  a  significant  transfer  of  insurance  risk  are  accounted  for  as reinsurance. Amounts recoverable under such contracts are recognised in the same year as the related claim.

The benefits to which the Group is entitled under its reinsurance contracts held are recognised as reinsurance assets.  These  assets  consist  of  short-term  balances  due  from  reinsurers  as  well  as longer-term receivables that are dependent on the expected claims and benefits arising under the related reinsured insurance contracts. Amounts recoverable from or due to reinsurers are measured consistently with the amounts associated with the reinsured insurance contracts and in accordance with the terms of each reinsurance contract. Reinsurance liabilities are primarily premiums payable for reinsurance contracts and are recognised as an expense when due.

Outward reinsurance premiums are recognised as an expense in accordance with the pattern of reinsurance services received.

Amounts recoverable under reinsurance contracts are assessed for default at the reporting date. Such assets are considered in default if there is objective evidence, as a result of  an event that occurred after its initial recognition, that the Group may not recover all amounts due and that there is  a  reliably  measurable  impact  on  the  amounts  that  the  Group  will  receive  from  the  reinsurer. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 5. INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)

## 5.2 Recognition and measurement of insurance contracts (continued)

The Group makes use of a simplified approach in accounting for reinsurance assets and records the loss allowances as lifetime expected credit losses. These are the expected shortfalls in contractual cash flows,  considering  the  potential  for  default  at  any  point  during  the  lifetime  of  the  financial instrument. In calculating the potential for default, the Group uses its historical experience, external indicators and forward-looking information.

## 5.2.6. Reinsurance commission

Commission on reinsurance contracts placed with reinsurers is received to cover the administration costs of the Group and is earned over the period over which the premium is earned. The commission is earned consistent with the pattern of risk of the underlying direct insurance policies.

## 5.2.7. Policyholder liabilities under long-term insurance contracts

The Group's liabilities under unmatured policies of long-term insurance contracts are calculated at the reporting date by the Independent Statutory Actuary in accordance with prevailing legislation, on the 'Financial Soundness Valuation' basis using a discounted cash flow methodology as prescribed by  SAP  104  issued  by  the  Actuarial  Association  of  South  Africa.  The  transfer  to  or  from  the policyholder liabilities under insurance contracts reflected in profit or loss represents the increase or decrease in actuarial liabilities.

## 6. LEASES

## Operating leases as lessor

Leases under which the risks and benefits of ownership are effectively retained by the lessor are classified as operating leases. Rights and obligations incurred under operating leases are accrued in profit or loss over the period of the lease on a straight-line basis.

## Leases acting as lessee

The Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains a lease, at the inception of the contract.

A contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

In  order  to  assess  whether  a  contract  is,  or  contains  a  lease,  management  determines  whether  the  asset  under consideration is "identified", which means that the asset is either explicitly or implicitly specified in the contract and that the supplier does not have a substantial right of substitution throughout the period of use. Once management has concluded that the contract deals with an identified asset, the right to control the use thereof is considered. To this end, control over the use of an identified asset only exists when the company has the right to substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the asset as well as the right to direct the use of the asset.

The lease liability and corresponding right-of-use asset are recognised at the lease commencement date, for all lease agreements for which the company is a lessee, except for short-term leases of 12 months or less, or leases of low value assets. For these leases, the company recognises the lease payments as an operating expense (note 41) on a straightline basis over the term of the lease unless another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased asset are consumed.

## Lease liability

The  lease  liability  is  initially  measured  at  the  present  value  of  the  lease  payments  that  are  not  paid  at  the commencement date, discounted by using the rate implicit in the lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 6. LEASES (continued)

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

- the initial amount of the corresponding lease liability;
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date;
- any initial direct costs incurred; and
- less any lease incentives received.

The liability is subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability, using the effective interest method, and by reducing the carrying amount to reflect lease payments made. Interest charged on the lease liability is included in finance costs (refer note 39).

## Right-of-use assets

Right-of-use assets are presented in property, plant and equipment on the Statement of Financial Position and are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

Right-of-use  assets  are  depreciated  over  the  shorter  period  of  lease  term  and  useful  life  of  the  underlying  asset. Depreciation starts at the commencement date of a lease and the charge for each year is recognised in profit or loss unless it is included in the carrying amount of another asset.

Initial measurement is at the amount of the lease liability, reduced for any lease incentives received, and increased for:

- lease payments made at or before commencement of the lease;
- initial direct costs incurred; and
- the amount of any provision recognised where the Group is contractually required to dismantle, remove or restore the leased asset.

## 7. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

## Short-term employee benefits

The cost of short-term employee benefits (those payable within 12 months after the service is rendered, such as paid leave and sick leave, bonuses, and non-monetary benefits such as medical care), are recognised in the period in which the service is rendered and are not discounted.

The expected cost of compensated absences is recognised as an expense as the employees render the service that increases their entitlement or, in the case of non-accumulating absences, when the absence occurs.

The  expected  cost  of  profit  sharing  and  bonus  payments  is  recognised  as  an  expense  when  there  is  a  legal  or constructive obligation to make such payments as a result of past performance.

## Defined contribution plans

Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are charged as an expense as they fall due.

## 8. TAXATION

## Current tax assets and liabilities

Current tax for current and prior periods is, to the extent unpaid, recognised as a liability. If the amount already paid in respect of current and prior periods exceeds the amount due for those periods, the excess is recognised as an asset.

Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from, or paid to, the tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 9. FOREIGN CURRENCIES

A foreign currency transaction is recorded on initial recognition in Rand, by applying to the foreign currency amount the spot exchange rate between the functional currency and the foreign currency at the date of the transaction.

At each reporting date:

- foreign currency monetary items are translated using the closing rate;
- non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction; and
- non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date when the fair value was determined.

## 10. STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

## Standards and interpretations effective and adopted in the current year

During the current year, the Company and the Group adopted the following standard that is effective for the current financial year and that is relevant to its operations:

## Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (Phase 2) - Amendments to IFRS 4: Insurance Contracts and IFRS 7: Financial Instruments: Disclosures

The amendments finalise the response to the ongoing reform of inter-bank offered rates (IBOR) and other interest rate benchmarks and focus on the effects on financial statements when the old interest rate benchmark is replaced with an alternative benchmark rate as a result of the reform.

The  effective  date  of  the  amendments  is  for  years  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2021.  The  Group  adopted  the amendments for the first time in the 2022 annual financial statements. There was no material impact to the Group on adopting the amendments.

## Standards and interpretations not yet effective

The Group has chosen not to early adopt the following standards and interpretations which have been published and are believed to be mandatory for the Group's accounting periods beginning on or after 1 July 2022 or later periods:

## Amendments to IAS 1: Presentation of Financial Statements

Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current: The amendments clarify how to classify debt and other liabilities as current or non-current.

The effective date of the amendments is for years beginning 1 January 2024. The Group will adopt the amendments for the first time in the 2025 annual financial statements and it is unlikely that the amendments will have a material impact on the Group's annual financial statements.

## Amendments to IAS 1: Disclosure of accounting policies

IAS  1  was  amended  to  require  that  only  material  accounting  policy  information  shall  be  disclosed  in  the  annual financial  statements.  The  amendment  will  not  result  in  changes  to  the  measurement  or  recognition  of  financial statement items.

The effective date of the amendments is for years beginning 1 January 2023. The Group will adopt the amendments for the first time in the 2024 annual financial statements and it is unlikely that the amendments will have a material impact on the Group's annual financial statements.

## Amendments to IAS 1: Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2

Disclosure initiative: The amendments require that only material accounting policy information shall be disclosed in the  annual  financial  statements  and  will  not  result  in  changes  to  the  measurement  or  recognition  of  financial statement items. Management will be required to perform a review of accounting policies to ensure only material accounting information is disclosed.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 10.   STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS (continued)

The effective date of the amendments is for years beginning 1 January 2023. The Group will adopt the amendments for the first time in the 2024 annual financial statements and it is unlikely that the amendments will have a material impact on the Group's annual financial statements.

## Amendments to IAS 8: Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors

The amendments introduce a definition of "accounting estimates" and distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes in accounting estimates.

The effective date of the amendments is for years beginning 1 January 2023. The Group will adopt the amendments for the first time in the 2024 annual financial statements and it is unlikely that the amendments will have a material impact on the Group's annual financial statements.

## Amendments to IAS  12:  Income  Taxes  -  Deferred  Tax  related  to  Assets  and  Liabilities  arising  from  a  Single Transaction

The amendments narrow the scope of the recognition exemption so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

The effective date of the amendments is for years beginning 1 January 2023. The Group will adopt the amendments for the first time in the 2024 annual financial statements and it is unlikely that the amendments will have a material impact on the Group's annual financial statements.

## Amendments to IAS 37: Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets

The amendments clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is  onerous, the cost of fulfilling the contract includes both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts.

The effective date of the amendments is for years beginning 1 January 2022. The Group will adopt the amendments for the first time in the 2023 annual financial statements and it is unlikely that the amendments will have a material impact on the Group's annual financial statements.

## Amendments to IFRS 3: Business Combinations

The amendments update the reference to the Conceptual Framework and add an exception to the requirement for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability.

The effective date of the amendments is for years beginning on or after 1 January 2022. The Group will adopt the amendments for the first time in the 2023 annual financial statements and it is unlikely that the amendments will have a material impact on the Group's annual financial statements.

## IFRS 17: Insurance contracts

The  IFRS  establishes  the  principles  for  the  recognition,  measurement,  presentation  and  disclosure  of  insurance contracts within the scope of the standard. It will replace IFRS 4 - Insurance Contracts (IFRS 4).

The effective date of the standard is for years beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and the Group expects to adopt the standard for the first time in the 2024 annual financial statements, with comparative numbers for 2023.

The key objectives of IFRS 17 are comparable recognition and measurement of contracts in the scope of the standard, the  recognition  of  insurance  service  results  based  on  the  services  provided  to  the  policyholder  and  provision  of disclosures  that  will  enable  the  users  of  the  financial  statements  to  assess  the  impact  of  these  contracts  on  the financial position, financial results and cash flows of the entity. The standard distinguishes between the sources of profit and quality of earnings between insurance service results and insurance finance income and expense (reflecting the time value of money and financial risk).

The granular level of modelling and accounting required to meet the requirements of IFRS 17 requires significant cost and effort to develop the necessary underlying valuation models, systems, processes and data enhancements. The Group  established  a  group  wide  IFRS  17  implementation  programme  to  coordinate  these  efforts  and  deliver  the required models, systems and processes for all of the Constantia Insurance Group's insurance entities. A financial impact assessment was undertaken.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 10.   STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS (continued)

This was a high-level exercise to estimate and evaluate the impact of IFRS 17 on the 30 June 2021 balance sheet, as well as other statement impacts for 2021. This will be rolled forward to also include the 2022 financial year. The exercise is  still  in  progress (it  was hampered by the curatorship and ultimate liquidation of Constantia Insurance Company Limited ("CICL")) and as a result the Group is not yet in a position to publish the quantitative impact of implementing IFRS 17.

The Group does not expect significant changes to its non-IFRS key performance indicators. There will however be different  reconciling  items  between  the  IFRS  financial  statements  and  management  information  under  IFRS  17 compared to the current reconciling items under IFRS 4.

## 11. GROUP FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES BY CATEGORY

The carrying amounts presented in the statement of financial position relate to the following categories of assets and liabilities:

## 11.1. Assets

| 2022  2021  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Fair value  through  profit or  loss  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Fair value  through  profit or  loss  R'000  R'000  R  '000  R'000  Non-current  Loans receivable (note 18)  1 162  -  1 044  -  Insurance, trade and other receivables (note 19)  87 556  -  100 921  -  Investments (note 23)  -  106 576  -  236 702  Listed investments  -  83 154  -  179 635  Unlisted investments  -  23 422  -  57 067  Current  Loans receivable (note 18)  5 629  -  -  -  Insurance assets (note 24.2)  561 561  -  448 381  -  Insurance, trade and other receivables (note 19)  192 185  -  148 404  -  Cash and cash equivalents (note 26)  237 077  -  158 770  -  1 085 170  106 576  857 520  236 702   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 11.   GROUP FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES BY CATEGORY (continued)

## 11.2. Liabilities

| 2022  2021  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Fair value  through  profit or  loss  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Fair value  through  profit or  loss  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Non-current  Policyholder liabilities under insurance contracts (note 29)  27 063  -  26 872  -  Current  Insurance liabilities (note 24.1)  771 315  -  636 714  -  Advances payable (note 32)  8 539  -  11 089  -  Insurance, trade and other payables (note 33)  752 184  -  647 080  -  1 559 101  -  1 321 755  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying value of assets and liabilities approximates the fair value, determined as follows:

The carrying amounts of current assets and liabilities approximates fair value due to their short-term nature.

The carrying values of the non-current assets approximate the fair values as the determination of the carrying values considered the following market-related factors:

- Loans receivable are denominated at market rates;
- Insurance, trade and other receivables have been calculated using market related interest and exchange rates in combination with underlying collateral balances;
- Listed investments have been reflected at published traded prices on a recognised stock exchange; and
- Unlisted  investments  utilised  inputs,  assumptions  and  unobservable  data  that  were  considered  to  be market related and appropriate for the fair value determination.

Also refer to the note references for each non-current asset for further information.

Policyholder liabilities have been determined by the Group's statutory actuaries, utilising appropriate estimates and assumptions to ensure the results of the valuations performed are reflected at fair value.

## 12. COMPANY FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES BY CATEGORY

All financial assets and all financial liabilities for the Company are held at amortised cost.

The carrying amounts of current assets and liabilities approximate fair value due to their short-term nature, while the carrying amounts of non-current assets and liabilities approximate fair value as the rates are market related.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 13. GAINS AND LOSSES ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES PER CATEGORY

The following table presents the total net gains or losses for each category of financial assets and financial liabilities:

## 13.1. Group

| Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Fair  value  through  profit or  loss  Financial  liabilities  at  amortised  cost  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  13.1.1  2022  Interest received (note 38)  4 253  -  -  4 253  Finance charges (note 39)  -  -  (2 834)  (2 834)  Dividend income (note 38)  -  716  -  716  Realised fair value adjustment of financial assets  (note 38)  -  (107 394)  -  (107 394)  Unrealised fair value adjustment of financial assets  (note 38)  -  16 612  -  16 612  Amounts impaired / written off (notes 36.2 to 36.4)  (14 542)  -  -  (14 542)  (10 289)  (90 066)  (2 834)  (103 189)  13.1.2  2021  Interest received (note 38)  2 141  -  -  2 141  Finance charges (note 39)  -  -  (78)  (78)  Dividend income (note 38)  -  1 168  -  1 168  Realised fair value adjustments of financial assets  (note 38)  -  (41 303)  -  (41 303)  Unrealised fair value adjustment of financial assets  (note 38)  -  (108 650)  -  (108 650)  Amounts impaired / written off (notes 36.2 to 36.4)  (98 181)  -  -  (98 181)  (96 040)  (148 785)  (78)  (244 903)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.2. Company

| Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Fair  value  through  profit or  loss  Financial  liabilities  at  amortised  cost  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  13.2.1  2022  Interest received (note 38)  964  -  -  964  Finance charges (note 39)  -  -  (87)  (87)  Amounts impaired (notes 36.2 to 36.4)  (6)  -  -  (6)  958  -  (87)  871  13.2.2  2021  Interest received (note 38)  80  -  -  80  Finance charges (note 39)  -  -  (71)  (71)  80  -  (71)  9   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 14. GROUP FINANCIAL ASSETS BY CATEGORY

## 14.1. Fair value hierarchy

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  2022  Assets  Listed investments  83 154  -  -  83 154  Unlisted investments  -  -  23 422  23 422  83 154  -  23 422  106 576  2021  Assets  Listed investments  179 635  -  -  179 635  Unlisted investments  -  -  57 067  57 067  179 635  -  57 067  236 702   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There have been no transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the reporting period.

The methods and valuation techniques used for the purpose of measuring fair value are unchanged compared to the previous reporting period:

- Financial assets classified in Level 1 have been valued with reference to quoted prices and market rates (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; and
- The fair value of the financial assets classified in Level 3 has been determined by inputs that are not based on observable market data in that the future expected cash flows from the underlying unlisted entities have been discounted at market related rates. The financial instruments within this level can be reconciled from beginning to ending balances as follows:

| 2022  2021  R'000  R'000  Current  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  Opening balance  57 067  68 342  Additions  -  977  Disposals  (37 622)  -  Reclassification of Investment in Associates  -  (1 156)  Unrealised losses recognised in profit or loss  (13 561)  (11 096)  Realised profits recognised in profit or loss  17 538  -  Closing balance  23 422  57 067   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Changing inputs to the Level 3 valuations to reasonable alternative assumptions would not significantly change amounts recognised in profit or loss, total assets, total liabilities or total equity.

The  inputs,  assumptions  and  judgements  used  in  the  valuation  of  the  unlisted  investments  in  Level  3  are described in note 23.2.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

## Accounting policy

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Each item's useful life and residual value is reassessed on an annual basis and its carrying value is determined by applying an appropriate depreciation charge against profit or loss.

Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and equipment (other than land) to write down the cost, less expected residual value, by equal instalments over their useful lives. The current estimated useful lives are as follows:

| Category  Expected useful life  Motor vehicles  5 years  Computer hardware  3 - 6 years  Furniture and fittings  6 - 10 years  Office equipment  5 - 10 years  Leasehold improvements  1 - 5 years  Right-of-use assets - Property  1 - 8 years  Owner occupied property  20 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  Group  Cost  Accumu  -lated  depre-  ciation  Net  carrying  value  Cost  Accumul  -ated  depre-  ciation  Net  carrying  value  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Owner occupied properties (Land)  1 199  -  1 199  -  -  -  Owner occupied properties (Buildings)  1 401  -  1 401  -  -  -  Right-of-use assets  -  Property  38 855  (13 773)  25 082  68 470  (22 366)  46 104  Leasehold improvements  6 136  (2 378)  3 758  5 900  (1 627)  4 273  Computer hardware  10 731  (8 163)  2 568  11 130  (7 789)  3 341  Office equipment  1 004  (696)  308  1 530  (1 283)  247  Furniture and fittings  4 957  (1 736)  3 221  5 996  (1 712)  4 284  Motor vehicle  s  1 254  (600)  654  1 417  (765)  652  65 537  (27 346)  38 191  94 443  (35 542)  58 901   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 15.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

| Owner  occupied  properties  (Land)  Owner  occupied  properties  (Buildings)  Right-of-  use  assets  -  Property  Leasehold  improve-  ments  Computer  hardware  Office  equipment  Furniture  and  fittings  Motor  vehicles  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  2022  Movement for the year  Opening carrying  value  -  -  46 104  4 273  3 341  247  4 24  652  58 901  Reclassification  from assets held for  sale  1 199  1 401  -  -  -  -  -  -  2 600  Additions  -  -  8 884  235  1 135  193  47  713  11 207  Disposals and sub-  lease  -  -  (18 134)  -  (124)  (26)  (641)  (502)  (19 427)  Depreciation  -  -  (8 436)  (750)  (1 744)  (103)  (469)  (154)  (11 656)  Lease cancellation  -  -  (2 808)  -  -  -  -  -  (2 808)  Lease modification  -  -  (528)  -  -  -  -  -  (528)  Disposed of with  sale of subsidiary  -  -  -  -  (40)  (3)  -  (55)  (98)  1 199  1 401  25 082  3 758  2 568  308  3 221  654  38 191   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has chosen to use the cost model under IAS 16 to depreciate the right-of-use assets. Since the leases do not transfer ownership of the underlying assets to the lessee by the end of the lease term, the Group depreciates the assets over the shorter of the lease term and the assets' useful economic life. The Group has assessed that the useful economic life of the underlying assets exceeds the lease term, so the depreciation of the right-of-use assets will begin on the adoption date and be charged evenly over the remaining lease term, as this best represents the consumption of the economic benefits of the asset. In terms of IFRS 16, refer to note 31 for further detail of the related lease liabilities.

Motor vehicles with a net book value of R0.65 million (2021: R0.55 million) are encumbered as security for interestbearing borrowings (note 31).

| Owner  occupied  properties  (Land)  Owner  occupied  properties  (Buildings)  Right-of-  use  assets  -  Property  Leasehold  improve-  ments  Computer  hardware  Office  equipment  Furniture  and  fittings  Motor  vehicles  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  2021  Movement for the year  Opening carrying  value  -  -  50 305  9 666  4 324  526  7 368  661  72 850  Reclassification  -  -  -  -  -  6  (6)  -  -  Additions  -  -  8 074  20  1 385  11  10  625  10 125  Disposals  -  -  (525)  (3 998)  (25)  (49)  (2 172)  (323)  (7 092)  Depreciation  -  -  (11 750)  (1 415)  (2 175)  (247)  (882)  (311)  (16 780)  Disposed of with  sale of subsidiary  -  -  -  -  (168)  -  (34)  -  (202)  -  -  46 104  4 273  3 341  247  4 284  652  58 901   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

## Accounting policy

Goodwill arising on consolidation represents the excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group's interests in the fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of a subsidiary at the date of acquisition. Goodwill on the acquisition of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets, while goodwill on the acquisition of associates is included in investments in associates. Internally generated goodwill is not recognised as an asset.

Intangible assets are recognised only when the cost can be measured reliably and if it is probable that the expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the Group.

The costs relating to many internally generated intangible assets cannot be capitalised and are expensed as incurred. This includes research, start-up and advertising costs. Expenditure on internally generated brands, customer lists and items similar in substance are not recognised as intangible assets.

Intangible assets are initially recognised at cost.

The useful life of intangible assets is assessed at the individual asset level as having either a finite or indefinite life. Where an intangible asset has a finite life, it is amortised over its useful life through profit or loss. Amortisation periods and methods of amortisation for intangible assets with a finite useful life are reviewed annually, or earlier where an indicator of impairment exists.

The expected useful lives of the different categories of intangible assets are estimated to be as follows:

| Category  Expected useful life  Computer software  2 - 6 years  Goodwill  Indefinite  Licences  13 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GROUP  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  Goodwill (note 16.1)  -  47 721  Computer software (note 16.2)  2 903  21 265  Licences (note 16.3)  18 205  20 390  21 108  89 376  ## 16.1 Goodwill  16.1.1      Net carrying value  Cost  57 740  57 740  Disposed of through sale of subsidiary  (2 282)  -  Accumulated impairment  (55 458)  (10 019  Net carrying value  21 108  89 376   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)

| GROUP  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  16.1.2      Goodwill per cash generating unit  24Fix Proprietary Limited  - Cost  4 365  4 365  - Accumulated impairment  (2 083)  (2 083)  - Disposed of through sale of subsidiary (note 47.4)  (2 282)  -  Black Ginger 92 Proprietary Limited  - Cost  1 992  1 992  - Accumulated impairment  (1 992)  -  Constantia Risk and Insurance Holdings Proprietary  Limited  - Cost  32 379  32 379  - Accumulated impairment  (32 379)  -  Deal Design Commercial Property and Business Broking  Proprietary Limited trading as Century 21  - Cost  5 155  5 155  - Accumulated impairment  (5 155)  -  Fixico South Africa Proprietary Limited  - Cost  3 725  3 725  - Accumulated impairment  (3 725)  -  Kulundleko Solutions Proprietary Limited trading as  Repair Solution  - Cost  10 124  10 124  - Accumulated impairment  (10 124)  (7 936)  -  47 721  16.1.3      Movement for the year  Carrying amount at beginning of the year  47 721  53 226  Disposed of as part of subsidiaries' sale (note 47.4)  2 282  -  Impairment  (45 439)  (5 505)  4 564  47 721  16.2  Computer software  16.2.1      Net carrying value  Cost  4 625  62 098  Accumulated amortisation  (1 722)  (40 833)  Net carrying value  2 903  21 265  16.2.1      Movement for the year  Carrying amount at beginning of the year  21 265  30 283  Additions  859  510  Development costs capitalised  -  1 010  Impairment  (8 529)  -  Amortisation  (10 692)  (10 538)  2 903  21 265   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Also refer to note 16.4.2.

The remaining expected useful life of computer software is 2 -5 years (2021: 2 -6 years)

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)

| GROUP  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  16.3  Licences  16.3.1      Net carrying value  Cost  28 400  28 400  Accumulated amortisation  (10 195)  (8 010)  Net carrying value  18 205  20 390  16.3.1      Movement for the year  Carrying amount at beginning of the year  20 390  22 574  Amortisation  (2 185)  (2 184)  Net carrying value  18 205  20 390   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average expected useful life of Licences is 8.3 years (2021: 9.3 years)

## 16.4      Impairment testing of intangible assets

## 16.4.1    Impairment testing of goodwill

Goodwill acquired through business combinations has been allocated to the following individual cash generating units, which have different risk profiles and underlying assets and are separate cash generating units for impairment testing:

- Black Ginger 92 Proprietary Limited ('Black Ginger');
- Constantia Risk and Insurance Holdings Proprietary Limited ('CRIH');
- Deal Design Commercial Property and Business Broking Proprietary Limited trading as Century 21 ('Century 21');
- Fixico South Africa Proprietary Limited ('Fixico'); and
- Kulundleko Solutions Proprietary Limited trading as Repair Solutions ('Repair Solutions').

## Black Ginger and CRIH

The recoverable amount for each of Black Ginger and CRIH has been determined based on a 'sum of the parts" calculation that incorporates fair value less costs to sell and that:

- utilised the values at which Constantia Life and Health Assurance Company Limited ("CLAH") and Constantia Life Limited ("CLL") are to be disposed of on an arms-length basis, as published in various SENS announcements during the financial year (Net asset value plus R20.00 million for CLAH and R30.00 million for CLL);
- applied a value of R42.85 million to CRIH's investment in Oraclemed Health Investments (Pty) Ltd, as detailed in notes 21 and 40;
- valued  a  trademark  owned  by  CRIH  at  R5.22  million,  in  line  with  the  value  at  which  it  was disposed of to a third party post the year-end; and
- adjusted the final result with the value of the R54.67 million loan owing by CRIH to Constantia Insurance Company Limited as at the year-end;

for a total valuation of R54.30 million (2021: R350.00 million - R370.00 million, including CICL).

No marketability or any other discounts were applied to the value obtained from the sum of the above (2021: 5.5%).

These calculations indicated that the carrying value of goodwill relating to these entities had to be fully  impaired  by  R1.99  million  for  Black  Ginger  and  R32.38  million  for  CRIH  during  the  current financial period (2021: Nil).

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)

## Century 21

The recoverable amount for Century 21 has been determined on a basis that limits the value of the business to the lower of:

- the value of the Century 21 licence which, in terms of the agreement with the global master franchisor, would be valued at three times the average annual income generated by Century 21 during the past three years; or
- a recoverable amount that has been determined on a "value in use" calculation that:
- -uses free cash flow projections based on the budgeted operating results of the company, covering a five-year period;
- -based on normalised, pre-Covid experience, assumes a 0.7% decline in revenues over the next year, whereafter revenue levels will again increase on an annual basis by between 1.2% and 6.5% during years 2  - 5 (2021: average 5.7% decline over the first 2 years, thereafter annual increase of between 2.1% and 5.2% during years 3 - 5);
- -extrapolates cash flows beyond the fifth year (the terminal growth rate) by using a growth rate of 6.1% (2021: 5.8%); and
- -discounts free cash flows by using a risk adjusted pre-tax weighted average cost of capital rate of 25.8% (2021: 12.8%), whilst assuming no gearing of capital by utilising long-term loans (2021: 70% gearing).

The key assumptions applied in respect of this exercise are either based on past experience or are consistent with external sources of information (e.g. inputs to determine the discount rate). The terminal growth rate of 6.1% includes an assumption that the number of franchises in operation will increase by an average of two per year over the next 25 years (compared to an annual average of 3.6 new franchises over the previous 11 years).

These calculations indicated that the carrying value of goodwill relating to this entity had to be fully impaired by R5.16 million during the current financial period (2021: Nil).

## Fixico

The recoverable amount for Fixico has been determined based on a 'value in use calculation' that:

- uses  free  cash  flow  projections  based  on  the  budgeted  operating  results  for  the  company, covering a five-year period;
- extrapolates cash flows beyond the fifth year (terminal growth rate) by using a growth rate of 6.0% (2021: 4.0%); and
- based on past experience and contracts in place assumes a 39.1% increase in gross margin (revenue less cost of sales) over the next year, which reduces to an average 20.6% p.a. increase in the following 4 years (2021: average 9.4% increase in revenue over the first year, which reduces to an average 7.9% p.a. increase in the following 4 years);
- discounts free cash flows by using a risk adjusted pre-tax weighted average cost of capital rate of 27.3% (2021: 18.0%), whilst assuming no gearing of capital by utilising long-term loans (2021: 50% gearing).

The key assumptions applied in respect of this exercise are either based on past experience or are consistent with external sources of information (e.g. inputs to determine the discount rate). The terminal growth rate of 6.0% is limited to the expected long-term inflation rate in the country.

These calculations indicated that the carrying value of goodwill relating to this entity had to be fully impaired by R3.73 million during the current financial period (2021: Nil).

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 16.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)

## Repair Solutions

The  recoverable  amount  for  Repair  Solutions  has  been  determined  based  on  a  'value  in  use calculation' that:

- uses  free  cash  flow  projections  based  on  the  budgeted  operating  results  for  the  company, covering a five-year period;
- based on normalised, pre-COVID experience, assumes a 10.0% increase in revenue over the next year, which increases to a 20.8% p.a. annual increase in each of years 2 and 3, a 15.5% annual increase in year 4 and a 12.9% annual increase in year 5 (2021: 9.5% increase in revenue in year 1, which increases to a 50.3% p.a. annual increase in
- extrapolates cash flows beyond the fifth year (terminal growth rate) by using a growth rate of 0.0% (2021: 4.0%); and
- discounts free cash flows by using a risk adjusted pre-tax cost of equity rate of 27.3% (2021: 26.0%), whilst assuming no gearing of capital by utilising long-term loans.

The key assumptions applied in respect of this exercise are either based on past experience or are consistent with external sources of information (e.g. inputs to determine the discount rate). The terminal growth rate is limited to 0.0% as the cash flow forecast reflects negative cash flows for at the next 5 years, and possibly thereafter.

These calculations indicated that the carrying value of goodwill relating to this entity had to be impaired by R2.88 million during the current financial period (2021: R3.42 million).

## 16.4.2    Impairment testing of other intangible assets

The useful life and residual value of each asset is assessed twice annually and its carrying value is restated by applying the appropriate amortisation charge against the profit or loss.

These assessments indicate that there is no need for further impairment of the carrying value of other intangible assets in the current financial period.

## 17. FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES

The finance lease receivables recognised relate to leased buildings (also refer note 15). There is no option to purchase the subject of the lease at a nominal amount on completion of the lease term.

An incremental borrowing rate of 11.55% was applied to finance lease receivables in respect of properties recognised in the statement of financial position at the date of initial application.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 17.   FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES (continued)

| GROUP  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  Leased buildings  Additions (non-cash component)  14 904  -  Agent's commission (cash component)  1 206  -  Interest income (non-cash component)  953  -  17 063  -  Maximum lease repayments  Within one year  4 261  -  In second to five years  18 193  -  22 454  -  Less:  Finance charges component  (5 391)  -  17 063  -  Non-current assets  14 653  -  Current assets  2 410  -  17 063  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. LOANS RECEIVABLE

## Accounting policy

Loans  receivable  are  financial  assets  measured  at  amortised  cost.  Refer  to  the  financial  instruments  accounting policy, note 4.

| GROUP  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  Unsecured loans  Opening balances  1 044  632  Deconsolidation of inter-company loan due to disposal of subsidiary (note 47.4)  -  5 198  Other advances  5 604  -  Interest  143  150  Repayments  -  (4 936)  6 791  1 044  Unsecured loans can further be broken down into the following:  Non-current  1 162  1 044  Current  5 629  -  6 791  1 044   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Unsecured loans' repayment and interest terms are as follows:

- The R1.16 million unsecured loan (2021: R1.04 million) that was extended in respect of the sale of a subsidiary in the prior year carried interest linked to the prime overdraft rate (an average10.4% p.a. during the year). The loan was partly repaid out of cash reserves within the ex-subsidiary during the prior year and is fully repayable by the end of the 2024 financial year.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 18.   LOANS RECEIVABLE (continued)

- The R3.20 million unsecured loan that was extended in respect of the start-up of an underwriting manager that was going to introduce new business opportunities to the Group carried interest at the prime overdraft rate plus 3.6% p.a. (although no such interest has been accounted for  as at the reporting date). The loan is repayable within 12 months from being granted, or such later date as may be agreed in writing.
- The R0.63 million unsecured loan that was extended in respect of the start-up of an underwriting manager that introduced a new line of business to the Group carried interest at the prime overdraft rate. The loan is repayable by 31 August 2022, or such later date as may be agreed in writing.
- The R1.50 million unsecured loan that was extended in respect of the start-up of an underwriting manager that was going to introduce new business opportunities to the Group, as well as restructure and consolidate certain parts of the Group's non-profitable business, carried no interest, subject to certain conditions being met. The loan is repayable within 12 months from being granted, or such later date as may be agreed in writing.
- The R0.30 million unsecured loan that was extended to ultimately help with the interim funding of a BEE structure in an associate company carried interest at the prime overdraft rate plus 3%. The loan is repayable by 31 August 2022, or such later date as may be agreed in writing.

| Loan  amount  Risk of  default  Possible  credit  loss  ECL  Net  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Group  -  30 June 2022  Chris Brits ('Brits')  1 161  Low  Low  -  1 161   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit risk associated with this loan is low, considering the history of repayments received during the prior year and forecasted income and cash flows for Brits with reference to the ex-subsidiary that was disposed of to him. Should repayment not take place in accordance with the agreement, management considers the loan to be recoverable by way of enforcing certain conditions in the  agreement.  These  conditions  include  the  lender's  rights  to  cancel  the  agreement,  withdraw  the  loan,  claim  immediate payment and/or specific performance by Brits, which may include a request for Brits to provide additional security in a form and nature that is satisfactory to the lender. The 12-month ECL was evaluated and the probability weighted risk of exposure to default over the next twelve months indicated an immaterial ECL. No ECL was therefore recognised.

| ## Arella Underwriting Management Agency  Proprietary Limited ('Arella')  3 200  Low  Low  -  3 200   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit risk associated with this loan is low, considering the forecasted income and cash flows for Arella in terms of their business  plan  and  the  opportunities  already  seen.  Should  repayment  not  take  place  in  accordance  with  the  agreement, management considers the loan to be recoverable by way of enforcing certain conditions in the agreement. These conditions include  the  lender's  rights  to  cancel  the  agreement,  claim  immediate  payment  and/or  specific  performance  by  Arella  or  its shareholders and directors on a joint and several basis. The 12-month ECL was evaluated and the probability weighted risk of exposure to default over the next twelve months indicated an immaterial ECL. No ECL was therefore recognised.

| Ami Underwriting Managers Proprietary Limited  ('AMI')  1 500  Low  Low  -  1 500   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit risk associated with this loan is low, considering the forecasted income and cash flows for AMI in terms of their business plan and the opportunities already seen. Should repayment not take place in accordance with the agreement, management considers the loan to be recoverable by way of enforcing certain conditions in the agreement. These conditions include the lender's rights to cancel the agreement, claim immediate payment and/or specific performance by AMI or its shareholders and directors on a joint and several basis. The 12-month ECL was evaluated and the probability weighted risk of exposure to default over the next twelve months indicated an immaterial ECL. No ECL was therefore recognised.

| Terra Marine Proprietary Limited ('Terra Marine')  627  Low  Low  -  627   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit risk associated with this loan is low, considering the forecasted income and cash flows for Terra Marine in terms of their business  plan  and  the  business  already  introduced  to  the  Group.  Should  repayment  not  take  place  in  accordance  with  the agreement, management considers the loan to be recoverable by way of enforcing certain conditions in the agreement, which include the withholding of fees payable to Terra Marine (at the reporting date these fees amounted to more than R220,000 per month, based on business already introduced to the Group). The 12-month ECL was evaluated and the probability weighted risk of exposure to default over the next twelve months indicated an immaterial ECL. No ECL was therefore recognised.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 18.   LOANS RECEIVABLE (continued)

| Loan  amount  Risk of  default  Possible  credit  loss  ECL  Net  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Group  -  30 June 2022 (continued)  Aleeshen Kisten ('Kisten')  302  Low  Low  -  302   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  credit  risk  associated  with  this  loan  is  low  considering  that,  should  repayment  not  take  place  in  accordance  with  the agreement, management considers the loan to be recoverable by way of enforcing certain conditions in the agreement, which include  the  withholding  of  salary  and/or  any  monies  due  to  Kisten  by  the  Group.  The  12-month  ECL  was  evaluated  and  the probability weighted risk of exposure to default over the next twelve months indicated an immaterial ECL. No ECL was therefore recognised.

The loans receivable by the Group exposes it to various risks, including credit and interest rate risks.  Refer to note 49.4 for details of risk exposure and the processes and policies adopted to mitigate these risks.

The directors are of the opinion that the value of the above loan approximates their fair value.

| Group  -  30 June 2021  Brits  1 044  Low  Low  -  1 044   |
|------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit risk associated with this loan is low, considering the history of repayments received during the reporting period and forecasted income and cashflows for Brits with reference to the ex-subsidiary that was disposed of to him. Should repayment not take place in accordance with the agreement, management considers the loan to be recoverable by way of enforcing certain conditions in the agreement. These conditions include the lender's rights to cancel the agreement, withdraw the loan, claim immediate payment and/or specific performance by Brits, which may include a request for Brits to provide additional security in a form and nature that is satisfactory to the lender. The 12-month ECL was evaluated and the probability weighted risk of exposure to default over the next twelve months indicated an immaterial ECL. No ECL was therefore recognised.

The loans receivable by the Group exposes it to various risks, including credit and interest rate risks.  Refer to note 49.4 for details of risk exposure and the processes and policies adopted to mitigate these risks.

## 19. INSURANCE, TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

## Accounting policy

Insurance, trade and other receivables are financial assets measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Refer to the financial instruments accounting policy, note 4.

## Significant judgement

The Group assesses its insurance, trade and other receivables for impairment at the end of each reporting period. In determining whether an impairment loss should be recorded in profit or loss, the Group makes judgements as to whether there is observable data indicating a measurable decrease in the estimated future cash flows from a financial asset. The areas of uncertainty lies with assessing the recoverability of the receivables and the ability of the third party to meet the obligation of payment. The expected credit loss is assessed by taking into account forward looking factors like cash flows, which are not certain. Refer to notes 49.4.5 and 49.4.6 for additional detail.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 19.   INSURANCE, TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Non-financial assets  Deposits and prepaid expenses  5 319  9 870  422  316  Financial assets  Insurance receivables  310 422  269 278  -  -  Trade receivables  5 453  12 838  -  6  Other receivables  -  Secured  51 106  54 534  -  -  Other receivables - Unsecured  9 675  9 078  320  320  Less:  Allowance for impairment  (96 915)  (96 403)  -  -  285 060  259 195  742  642   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The secured receivable of R51.11 million relates to a settlement of claims agreement that was entered into between Trustco Property Holdings Proprietary Limited, Legal Shield Holdings Limited and Constantia ('the Parties') regarding the repayment of R61.28 million receivable ('Outstanding Receivable') by Constantia in respect of lapsed transactions that the Parties were involved in (the termination of negotiations between Trustco and the Group was announced on SENS on 18 March 2021). Payment of the Outstanding Receivable is anticipated to take place no earlier than August 2024.

Despite  the  Outstanding  Receivable  having  been  fully  secured,  it  will  not  accrue  interest  until  the  date  on  which payment becomes due, resulting in it having been amortised to a net present value of R51.11 million, as reflected.

The bulk of unsecured receivables of R9.56 million relates to receivable accruals in respect of:

- a profit commission receivable that arose from a mismatch between the values of the right-of-use asset and the lease liability for a division of Constantia (R0.15 million) that will be recovered through the unwinding of the rightof use asset and the lease liability over the life of the lease;
- section J12 investments made in terms of the Group's Broad-based Black Economic Empowerment programme (R0.82 million); and
- a profit commission receivable that will be settled through the unwinding of certain insurance reserves over time (R8.55 million).

Both  the  profit  commission  receivables  effectively  arose  as  a  result  of  a  timing  difference  whereby  the  profit commissions are accounted for on an accrual basis and the settlement payment is done on a cash basis.

Insurance, trade and other receivables can further be broken down into the following:

| Non-current  87 556  100 921  320  -  Current  197 504  158 274  422  642  285 060  259 195  742  642   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors are of the opinion that the value of the above receivables approximates their fair value as at the reporting date (refer notes 11 and 49.4) due to either their short-term nature, or the steps that were taken to write it down to a current realisable value.

The insurance, trade and other receivables held by the Group expose it to various risks, including credit and interest rate risks. Refer to note 49 for details of risk exposure and the processes and policies adopted to mitigate these risks.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 20. DEFERRED TAX

## Accounting policy

Deferred tax is accounted for using the liability method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the Financial Statements and the corresponding tax base (or tax value) used in the computation of current taxable profits.

A deferred tax asset is recognised for the carry forward of unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax losses can be utilised.

In respect of temporary differences arising out of the fair value adjustment on investment properties, properties held for sale or investments held at fair value, deferred taxation is provided at the capital gains tax rate to the extent that the carrying value is expected to be recovered through sale of the asset.

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Balance at beginning of year  106 038  (32 502)  -  -  (Reduction increase in liability due to (disposal) acquisition of  subsidiary  -  (511)  -  -  Charge against the statement of profit or loss and other  comprehensive income  (109 126)  139 051  -  -  Accruals  Audit fees  348  904  -  -  Bonuses  (2 943)  1 827  -  -  Compensation for loss of office  -  (420)  -  -  Consulting fees  314  -  -  -  Leavepay  126  85  -  -  Legal fees  (80)  85  -  -  Levies and subscriptions  40  250  -  -  Management fees  189  -  -  -  Other  (4)  250  -  -  Accelerated capital allowances for tax purposes  3 926  (2 665)  -  -  Allowance for bad debts  2 225  25 501  -  -  Capital losses  -  Equity loans, listed and unlisted shares  193 392  58 362  70 201  189 818  Deferred lease liability  -  39  -  -  Donations  -  14  -  -  IFRS 16:  Properties &amp; vehicles  63  (295)  -  -  Investment expenses  2  3  -  -  Prepayments  (123)  1 093  (30)  (88)  Revaluations  Licences  671  612  -  -  Property  26  2 067  -  -  Salvages  -  115  -  -  Tax losses  (43 070)  242 263  (1 939)  10 626  Change in tax rate  (16 219)  -  (9 592)  -  Limitation of deferred tax assets  (248 009)  (191 771)  (58 640)  (200 356)  Balance at end of year  (3 088)  106 038  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 20.   DEFERRED TAX (continued)

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Deferred tax assets  19 953  136 632  114  88  Provisions and accruals  Audit fees  1 208  915  -  -  Bonuses  399  3 502  -  -  Consulting fees  335  -  -  -  Leave pay  2 105  2 057  -  -  Legal fees  762  870  -  -  Levies and subscriptions  280  250  -  -  Management fees  182  -  -  -  Other  88  242  -  -  Allowances for bad debts  24 282  25 501  -  -  Capital losses  -  Equity loans, listed and unlisted shares  229 935  41 384  250 733  189 818  Donations  276  286  -  -  IFRS 16:  Liability adjustment  14 448  16 028  -  -  Investment expenses  7  5  -  -  Estimated tax losses  193 638  244 339  8 377  10 626  Limitation of deferred tax assets  (440 992)  (198 746)  (258 996)  (200 356)  Deferred tax liabilities  (23 041)  (30 594)  (114)  (88)  Accelerated capital allowances  (3 683)  (7 745)  -  -  Capital gain  Investment properties  (98)  (127)  -  -  Listed and unlisted securities  (3 979)  (5 219)  -  -  IFRS 16:  Right-of-use assets  (6 772)  (12 909)  -  -  IFRS 16:  Finance lease receivables  (4 607)  -  -  -  Prepayments  (258)  (145)  (114)  (88)  Revaluation of licences  (3 644)  (4 449)  -  -  Disclosed as follows per IAS 12 requirements:  Deferred tax assets  666  116 330  114  88  Deferred tax liabilities  (3 754)  (10 292)  (114)  (88)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Despite continuing the turnaround experienced in Constantia Insurance Company Limited  ("CICL") since February 2020 (with substantial and sustained improvements in the underwriting result and a reduction in operating expenses) during the period under review, the liquidation by the Prudential Authority of CICL post the year-end resulted in a reversal of a deferred tax asset of R100.00 million that was recognised in respect of historical tax losses in the 2021 financial results. The asset raised at the time related to tax losses incurred in CICL during the years 2016 to 2021 and, based on management's forecasts and estimates of future taxable earnings at the time, it was expected that this asset would be recovered within a reasonable period, utilising the following assumptions:

- the effects of the corrective action on claims and expenses that was implemented in CICL since February 2020 were permanent, subject to some expected increase in loss ratios associated with some new books of business being introduced;
- the negative impact that the corrective action had on premium volumes in the property and casualty books have come to an end and premium growth will resume going forward, with a reasonable portion of growth coming from organic opportunities;
- average expense inflation remains at slightly higher than current levels;
- interest on cash call account balances will remain at current levels;
- equity investments will not produce any realised profits or losses; and
- the company tax rate will remain at 28%.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 20.   DEFERRED TAX (continued)

Results from a sensitivity analysis done at the time indicated that:

- a 5% reduction in the estimated average annual premium growth rates (e.g. reducing the growth rate from, say 10% to  5%)  will  add  3  -  6  months  to  the  recovery  period,  whereas  a  5%  increase  in  the  estimated  average  annual premium growth rates (e.g. increasing the growth rate from, say 7% to 12%) will reduce the recovery period by 0 -3 months;
- a 1% increase in the estimated average loss ratio over the forecast period will add 11 - 14 months to the recovery period, whereas a 1% reduction in the estimated average loss ratio over the forecast period will reduce the recovery period by 4 - 7 months;
- the  recovery  period  is  not  particularly  sensitive  to  moderate  increases  or  reductions  in  the  average  expense inflation rate or the call interest rate; and
- a 2% reduction in the company tax rate over the forecast period will add 2  - 5 months to the recovery period, whereas a 2% increase in the company tax rate over the forecast period will reduce the recovery period by 2 - 4 months.

## 21. INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES

## Accounting policy

## Group

Interests in associates are accounted for under the equity method. The equity method of accounting is the method whereby the investment is initially  recorded at cost and adjusted thereafter for the post-acquisition change in the Group's share of net assets of the associate. The use of the equity method is discontinued from the date that the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate.

Impairment losses reduce the carrying amount of investments in associates.

Distributions received from the associate reduce the carrying amount of the investment.

## Company

Interests in associates are stated at cost, less any impairment losses.

| GROUP  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  At beginning of year  37 080  39 972  Loan funding granted (financial instruments)  3 392  3 646  Acquisition (disposals)  42 000  (5 394)  Attributable portion of (loss) earnings  5 017  (4 029)  Profit on disposal (refer notes 36.4 and 40)  -  1 729  Impairment (refer notes 36.4 and 40)  (47 376)  -  Reclassified from unlisted investments (refer note 23.2)  -  1 156  Reclassification from subsidiaries (refer note 47.4)  5 910  -  46 023  37 080  Broken down as follows:  Carrying value of investment  42 850  1 587  Loans net of impairment  3 173  35 493  Balance at end of year  46 023  37 080   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the impairment calculation are set out in note 40 and further details of the investments are set out in note 48.1.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 21.   INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES (continued)

## Associates' summary information

The aggregate assets, liabilities, revenue and profits of the associates, all of which are unlisted, were as follows:

| 24Fix  Proprietary  Limited  (49.0%)  OracleMed  Health  Investments  Proprietary  Limited  (30.0%)  Mobility  Insurance  Underwriting  Managers  Proprietary  Limited  (26.0%)  Rikatec  Proprietary  Limited  (30.5%)  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  30 June 2022  Non-current assets  99  790  1 618  608  3 115  Current assets  1 604  76 098  542  16 547  94 791  Non-current liabilities  (8 000)  -  (3 639)  (38 187)  (49 826)  Current liabilities  (2 530)  (11 928)  (1 129)  (84)  (15 661)  Revenue  2 530  37 639  11 099  (1)  51 267  After-tax profit (loss) for the year  104  16 539  170  (2 971)  13 842  Total comprehensive income (loss)  104  16 539  170  (2 971)  13 842  Reconciliation from share of net asset (liability) to  carrying value  Net asset (liability)  (8 817)  64 960  (2 608)  (21 116)  32 419  Share of net asset (liability)  (4 320)  19 488  (678)  (6 441)  8 049  Loan balances (refer note 48.1)  -  -  3 173  -  3 173  Goodwill  4 320  23 362  678  6 441  34 801  Carrying value  -  42 850  3 173  -  46 023  Loan  amount  Risk of  default  Possible  credit  loss  ECL  Net  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Mobility Insurance Underwriting Managers Proprietary  Limited ('Mobility')  3 173  Low  Low to  medium  -  3 173   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit risk associated with this loan is low to medium, considering the forecasted cash flows and income for Mobility. Should repayment not take place, management considers the loan to be recoverable by way of converting the full amount or part thereof into further equity in Mobility, which currently has an estimated fair value of in excess of R3.8 million, should the full loan balance be capitalised. The lifetime ECL was evaluated and a probability weighted risk of default over the lifetime of the loan that was applied to exposure at default indicated an immaterial ECL. No ECL was therefore recognised.

The loans receivable by the Group exposes it to various risks, including credit and interest rate risks.  Refer to note 49 for details of risk exposure and the processes and policies adopted to mitigate these risks.

The directors are of the opinion that the values of the above loans approximate their fair value.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 21.   INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES (continued)

| Rikatec  Proprietary  Limited  (30.5%)  Mobility  Insurance  Underwriting  Managers  Proprietary  Limited  (26.0%)  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  30 June 2021  Non-current assets  608  1 633  2 241  Current assets  16 547  253  16 800  Non-current liabilities  (35 216)  (3 531)  (38 747)  Current liabilities  (84)  (1 133)  (1 217)  Revenue  212  10 723  10 935  After-tax profit (loss) for the year  (5 284)  (1 068)  (6 352)  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  Total comprehensive loss  (5 284)  (1 068)  (6 352)  Reconciliation from share of net asset (liability) to carrying value  Net asset (liability)  (18 145)  (2 778)  (20 923)  Share of net (liability) asset  (6 642)  1 678  (4 964)  Loan balances (refer note 48.1)  32 591  2 902  35 493  Goodwill (Write-down to carrying value)  6 642  (91)  6 551  Carrying value  32 591  4 489  37 080   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Loan  amount  Risk of  default  Possible  credit  loss  ECL  Net  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Rikatec Proprietary Limited ('Rikatec')  32 591  Low  Low  -  32 591   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit risk associated with this loan is low, considering the forecasted cash flows and income for Rikatec. Should repayment not take place, management considers the loan to be recoverable by way of converting the full amount or part thereof into further equity  in  Rikatec,  which  currently  has  an  estimated  fair  value  of  in  excess  of  R60.0  million,  should  the  full  loan  balance  be capitalised. The lifetime ECL was evaluated and a probability weighted risk of default over the lifetime of the loan that was applied to exposure at default indicated an immaterial ECL. No ECL was therefore recognised.

| Mobility Insurance Underwriting Managers Proprietary  Limited ('Mobility')  2 902  Low  Low  -  2 902   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit risk associated with this loan is low, considering the forecasted cash flows and income for Mobility. Should repayment not take place, management considers the loan to be recoverable by way of converting the full amount or part thereof into further equity  in  Mobility,  which  currently  has  an  estimated  fair  value  of  in  excess  of  R18.0  million,  should  the  full  loan  balance  be capitalised. The lifetime ECL was evaluated and a probability weighted risk of default over the lifetime of the loan that was applied to exposure at default indicated an immaterial ECL. No ECL was therefore recognised.

The loans receivable by the Group exposes it to various risks, including credit and interest rate risks.  Refer to note 49 for details of risk exposure and the processes and policies adopted to mitigate these risks.

The directors are of the opinion that the values of the above loans approximate their fair value.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 22. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES

## Accounting policy

## Company

Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost, less any impairment losses. Loans to subsidiaries are accounted for as financial instruments.

Breakdown of Investments in Subsidiaries

| COMPANY  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  22.1  Net carrying value  Unlisted shares at cost, less amounts written off  781  958  Cost  20 725  20 725  Accumulated impairment  (19 944)  (19 767)  Loans (terms detailed in note 48.2)  84 076  425 396  Cost  1 258 932  1 287 032  Accumulated impairment  (1 174 856)  (861 636)  Net carrying value (refer notes 48.2 and 48.3)  84 857  426 354  ## 22.2 Movement for the year  Carrying amount at beginning of the year  426 354  622 886  Loans advanced  7 729  7 707  Loans repaid  (35 829)  (4 239)  Impairment of investment (refer note 36.4)  (177)  -  Impairment of loans (refer note 36.4)  (313 220)  (200 000)  84 857  426 354   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Impairment indicators were noticed on the investment in Copper Sunset Trading 186 Proprietary Limited ("Copper Sunset"), the holding company of Constantia, due to the decrease in the value of its investment in Constantia resulting from the post year-end liquidation of CICL. An impairment adjustment of R262.6 million (2021: R200.0 million) was passed in terms of IAS 36.

The decrease in Constantia's value also  resulted  in  impairments  in  Conduit's  investments  in  Black  Ginger  (R15.3 million), Marble Gold 213 Proprietary Limited ("Marble Gold") (R300k) and Conduit Management Services Proprietary Limited ("CMS") (R35.2 million), due to these companies' cross shareholdings into Constantia.

The recoverable amount for the investment in Copper Sunset has been determined based on the fair value of its underlying investment in Constantia, less costs to sell. Fair value is determined in accordance with IFRS 13. The fair value measurement is categorised within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The methods and valuation techniques used for the purpose of measuring fair value are detailed in note 16.4.1.

It should be noted that the valuation of Constantia was neither high enough to cover the R34.37 million in total goodwill brought about by the consolidation of the company (hence its impairment in note 16.1), nor high enough to cover the pre-impairment  investment  value  of  R332.45  million  for  Copper  Sunset  in  Conduit's  accounts,  hence  the  R262.6 million (2021: R200.0 million) impairment of the investment in Copper Sunset by Conduit.

The fair value measurement is categorised within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

The directors' valuation of the underlying shares for trading entities is based on cash flow projections using the same principles as described in section 16.4.1, while the valuation of non-trading entities is based on the entities' Net Asset Value, adjusted for the recoverability or forgiveness of inter-group loans receivable or payable. These assets would fit into Level 3 of the fir value hierarchy.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 23. INVESTMENTS HELD AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

## Accounting policy

Investments  in  equity  securities  are  recognised  on  a  trade-date  basis  and  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value. Investments are classified as "at fair value through profit or loss" and at subsequent reporting dates investments in equity securities are valued at fair value, with changes in fair value being recognised in profit or loss.

Refer to the financial instruments accounting policy, note 4 for further details.

| COMPANY  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  Long-term investments  Listed investments (note 23.1)  83 154  179 635  Unlisted investments (note 23.2)  23 422  57 067  106 576  236 702  ## 23.1 Listed equities at valuation*  Opening net book value  179 635  350 806  Additions  204  134  Disposals  (1 926)  (32 448)  Fair value adjustment (refer note 38)  (94 759)  (138 857)  Closing net book value  83 157  179 635  * The Group's listed equity portfolio is reflected under long -term investments due to its strategy of buying and holding companies on a long-term basis.  ## 23.2 Unlisted investments at valuation  Opening net book value  57 067  68 342  Additions  -  977  Disposals  (37 622)  -  Reclassification at fair value to Investment in Associates (refer to  note 21)  -  (1 156)  Fair value adjustment (refer note 38)  3 977  (11 096)  Closing net book value  23 422  57 067   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The unlisted investments classified in:

- Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy have been valued by an independent third party using the net asset value of the underlying assets in the investment, adjusted for the impact of expected future earnings, as a basis. The valuation performed used observable market data as inputs to the extent that it was available.

The main assumptions applied in the valuations were:

| - South African risk-free rate  10.6%  (2021: 7.5%)  - South African equity risk premium  6.1%  (2021: 7.9%)  - Sustainable long-term growth  6% - 7%  (2021: 6% - 7%)  - Comparable valuation for a SME trading discount  20% to 30%  (2021: 20% to 30%)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Changing  inputs  to  the  Level  3  valuations  to  reasonable  alternative  assumptions  would  not  significantly  change amounts recognised in profit or loss, total assets, total liabilities or total equity.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 24. INSURANCE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

## Accounting policy

Refer to the insurance contracts accounting policy, note 5 for further details.

## Significant judgement

Judgement is required in estimating reserves in respect of reported claims which have not  yet been settled, in the determination of the Incurred But Not Reported ("IBNR") provision and in estimating future cash flows in respect of salvages and claims recoveries. Also refer to notes 2 and 24.4 for further details.

| GROUP  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  24.1  Gross insurance liabilities  Claims reported but not paid  (397 177)  (310 644)  Claims incurred but not reported (refer note 24.4 below)  (193 361)  (179 949)  Unearned premiums, net of deferred acquisition costs  (180 777)  (147 121)  Unearned premiums  (213 447)  (174 214)  Deferred acquisition costs  32 670  27 093  Total insurance liabilities  (771 315)  (636 714)  24.2  Recoverable from reinsurers  Claims reported but not paid  266 860  201 977  Claims incurred but not reported (refer note 24.4 below)  163 812  142 096  Unearned premiums, net of deferred reinsurance commission revenue  130 889  104 308  Unearned premiums  171 475  137 798  Deferred reinsurance commission revenue  (40 586)  (33 490)  Reinsurers' share of insurance liabilities  561 561  448 381  24.2  Recoverable from reinsurers  Claims reported but not paid  (130 317)  (108 667)  Claims incurred but not reported (refer note 24.4 below)  (29 549)  (36 853)  Unearned premiums  (49 888)  (42 813)  Total net insurance liabilities  (209 754)  (188 333)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24.4 IBNR provision

At the reporting date the Group performed a detailed exercise (that included the use of cumulative chain ladder calculations) in order to assess the required provisions and run-off assets in the insurance division. Although showing quite significant variances between the IBNR and asset levels in the various books, it was determined that overall levels of current provisioning is sufficient when compared to the best estimate of what these provisions should be. The average IBNR value across the Group, determined as a result of this exercise, approximates the gross IBNR to amount to 9.2% (2021: 9.2%) of the gross insurance premium for the year.

For the period since April 2020 significant judgement was required to allow for the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. With the help of business experts, together with new measures such as Google mobility data and feedback from the private healthcare sector on hospitalisation volumes, judgement was applied to adjust expected ultimate claims and thus the IBNR provision. These adjustments were necessary to allow for both reduced exposure to risk events due to lockdown restrictions, as well as slower receipt and processing of claims  notifications.  The  IBNR  estimates were back-tested,  and late adjustments made at the year-end of

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 24.   INSURANCE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (continued)

## 24.4 Incurred But Not Reported ('IBNR') provision (continued)

the prior year in some instances to utilise the latest available data and where the impact was significant, ensuring the most accurate estimation of IBNR provisions were achieved.

## 25. INVENTORY

## Accounting policy

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  estimated  selling  price,  less  costs  to  complete  and  sell.  Cost  is determined using the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method.

At  each  reporting  date,  inventories  are  assessed  for  impairment.  If  inventory  is  impaired,  the  carrying  amount  is reduced to its selling price less costs to complete and sell. The impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  25.1  Net carrying value  -  -  25.2  Movement for the year  At beginning of the year  -  2 033  Movement due to disposal of subsidiary  (101)  -  Acquisitions  353  503  Write-off (obsolete and missing stock)  -  (2 536)  Disposed of (cost of sales)  (252)  -  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Comprising:  Call accounts  186 080  109 046  37 756  2 306  Current accounts  -  Local  48 804  48 152  71  41  Current accounts  -  Foreign  2 193  1 572  -  -  237 077  158 770  37 827  2 347  Bank overdraft  -  -  -  -  Net cash and cash equivalents  237 077  158 770  37 827  2 347   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Balances on call include amounts held on call at banks and at stockbrokers. The directors are of the opinion that the value of the above approximates fair value.

The cash and cash equivalents held by the Group expose it to various risks, including credit and interest rate risks. Refer to note 49 for further detail.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 27. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

## Accounting policy

The carrying amount of non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale will be recovered through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use.

This condition is regarded as met only when the sale is highly probable, and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Management must be committed to the sale which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification. As at the reporting date, the remaining property is still being actively marketed.

Non-current assets are classified as held for sale from the date these conditions are met and are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and their fair value less costs to sell. Any resulting impairment is reported through the statement of comprehensive income.

On classification as held for sale the assets are no longer depreciated. Comparative amounts are not adjusted.

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  27.1  Net carrying value  Cost  -  3 432  -  -  Fair value adjustment  -  (717)  -  -  Net carrying value  -  2 715  -  -  27.2  Movement for the year  At beginning of the year  2 715  11 779  -  -  Reclassification to owner occupied properties (refer note 15)  (2 600)  -  -  -  Disposals  -  (14 500)  -  -  Fair value adjustment (refer note 38)  (115)  5 436  -  -  -  2 715  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The property has been on the market and was reflected as held for sale since the 2020 financial year. No suitable offers have however been received to date, given the depressed property market in the area. A number of smaller group companies  took  occupation  of  the  property  during  the  year,  leading  to  management's  decision  to  reclassify  the property  to  "owner  occupied"  for  the  foreseeable  future  at  the  current  estimated  fair  value  as  determined  by  the directors. The valuation utilised the income/investment approach (by way of the capitalisation of net income), based on the work done in June 2021 by M.R.B. Gibbons (Professional Valuer, Nat. Dip. Prop. Val. MIVSA, MRICS) from Mills Fitchet Magnus Penny Proprietary Limited, an independent valuator, adjusted for mre recent market conditions after taking the following factors into consideration:

- Location, size and nature of the building;
- Supply, demand and ability to let of similar properties in the area;
- Market rentals ranging between R55 and R80 per square meter in the general vicinity of the properties; and
- A  capitalisation  rate  ranging  between  10%  and  12%,  as  recently  experienced  in  the  market  for  similar  type properties.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 28. STATED CAPITAL

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Authorised  Number of ordinary shares of no par value  1 500 000 000  1 500 000 000  1 500 000 000  1 500 000 000  Issued  Number of ordinary shares of no par value  764 443 900  764 443 900  764 443 900  764 443 900  Treasury shares acquired in prior periods  - Conduit Management Services Proprietary Limited  (1 353 356)  (1 353 356)  -  -  - Constantia Insurance Company Limited  (15 472 981)  (2 971 495)  -  -  - Constantia Life Limited  (155 000)  (155 000)  -  -  - Midbrook Lane Proprietary Limited  (18 186 171)  (13 517 256)  -  -  - Snowball Wealth Proprietary Limited  (41 000 000)  (41 000 000)  -  -  Opening balance  688 276 392  705 446 793  764 443 900  764 443 900  Treasury shares acquired during the year  - Constantia Insurance Company Limited  -  (12 501 486)  -  -  - Constantia Life Limited  -  -  -  -  - Midbrook Lane Proprietary Limited  -  (4 668 915)  -  -  Closing balance  688 276 392  688 276 392  764 443 900  764 443 900  R  '000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Opening balance  1 158 569  1 168 594  1 339 250  1 339 250  Treasury shares acquired sold  - Constantia Insurance Company Limited  -  (7 203)  -  -  - Constantia Life Limited  -  -  -  -  - Midbrook Lane Proprietary Limited  -  (2 822)  -  -  Closing balance  1 158 569  1 158 569  1 339 250  1 339 250  In terms of a resolution passed at the most recent  Annual General Meeting, all authorised and unissued  shares are placed under the control of the  Company's directors.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. POLICYHOLDER LIABILITIES UNDER INSURANCE CONTRACTS

## Accounting policy

Refer to the insurance contracts accounting policy, note 5 for further details.

## Significant judgement

The policyholder liabilities arising from long term insurance contracts are determined by the statutory actuaries based on appropriate estimates and assumptions.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 29.   POLICYHOLDER LIABILITIES UNDER INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)

| Group  GROSS  REINSURANCE  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Opening balance  (26 872)  (34 990)  -  12  Transfer from profit or loss (note 35)  (191)  8 118  -  (12)  - Movement in individual business  (894)  (2 294)  -  -  - Movement in incurred but not reported reserve  (475)  1 737  -  (12)  - Movement in deficiency reserve  (3 016)  6 962  -  -  - Movement in expense reserve  3 093  1 820  -  -  - Movement in COVID-19 reserve  1 101  (107)  -  -  (27 063)  (26 872)  -  -  29.1  Analysis of policyholder (liabilities)  assets  Individual funeral cover  (16 651)  (5 581)  -  -  Group funeral cover  (10 412)  (21 291)  -  -  (27 063)  (26 872)  -  -  29.2  Maturity analysis of policyholder  (liabilities) assets  Policyholder liabilities are expected to become payable as follows:  Up to one year  (12 632)  (13 375)  -  12  One year to five years  (1 858)  (1 741)  -  -  More than five years  (12 573)  (11 756)  -  (12)  (27 063)  (26 872)  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  Group business the maturity levels correspond to the contract boundary for each Group. Where the contract boundary is determined to be less than or equal to 12 months the liability is determined to less than a year.

For Individual business the maturity levels are determined on a best-estimate basis where the liability is calculated  by  projecting  all  the  expected  future  cash  flows  on  each  policy  and  discounting  them  at  the appropriate interest rate.

## 29.3 Key assumptions

There were no changes to the valuation basis from the prior year.

In the calculation of liabilities, provision was made for the best estimate of the future experience plus the compulsory margins prescribed by the Actuarial Society of South Africa's Standard of Actuarial Practice ("SAP") 104. SAP 104 is intended to provide for a minimum level of financial resilience in the liabilities to ensure that profits are not recognised prematurely.

For the Group funeral business an IBNR reserve was established based on the most recent claims run-off numbers. These claims run-off numbers were based on the results of "experience investigations" and current and expected future market conditions. In certain instances, a deficiency reserve was established to allow for any expected losses on the Group funeral policies.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 29.   POLICYHOLDER LIABILITIES UNDER INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)

## 29.3 Key assumptions (continued)

For individual business units, a prospective valuation is carried out with the following principal assumptions:

| - Inflation rate  5.31%  (2021: 3.73%)  - Interest rate  6.67% - 6.72%  (2021: 5.56% - 8.22%)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Withdrawal assumptions were based on experience in the portfolio and in the market

- Mortality rates were based on SA85/90 Heavy (2021: SA85/90 Heavy) and the relevant AIDS tables, adjusted to reflect the most recent claims experience

All  business  is  non-participating  business  and  policyholders  would  have  a  reasonable  expectation  that contractual benefits would be met and that there would be no undue delay in the processing of claims and queries.

## COVID-19

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, an additional provision was raised to cover claims anticipated as a result of the pandemic over the 12-months following the year-end.

The COVID-19 reserve is derived from projected fatality and hospitalisation rates based on local expected experience for the 12 months from 30 June 2022. It should be noted however that, due to data limitations around how the pandemic has affected the Group up to the valuation date and how the pandemic is likely to develop in future, significant judgement exists in the establishment of the COVID-19 reserve.

## 29.4 Matching of assets and liabilities

The Group only underwrites assistance insurance business and, to that extent, the matching of assets and liabilities  is  reasonably  simple.  In  the  settlement  of  policyholder  liabilities,  cash  resources  and  (where required) the equity investments are utilised. Cash resources and the equity investments provide sufficiently liquid funds for the settlement of liabilities and are therefore suitable for the matching of assets and liabilities and in providing for the settlement patterns of the funeral business.

## 29.5 Sensitivities

Net policyholder liabilities have been calculated at R27.06 million by the statutory actuary as at 30 June 2022 (2021: R26.87 million). The following scenarios indicate the value of the liabilities if the factors influencing the valuation had to change by the percentages given:

| Level of change  2022  2021  Resulting  liability  Change  %  Resulting  liability  Change  %  Factor  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Main basis  None  (27 063)  0.00  (26 872)  0.00  Mortality (and other claims)  10% increase  (29 872)  10.39  (29 772)  10.79  Expenses  10% increase  (28 944)  6.95  (29 149)  8.47  Investment returns  1% reduction  (28 596)  5.66  (28 256)  5.15  Withdrawals  10% reduction  (26 715)  (1.29)  (26 598)  (1.02)  Inflation  1% increase  (27 944)  3.26  (27 548)  2.52   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 30. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS

## Accounting policy

Interest-bearing borrowings are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost. Refer to the financial instruments accounting policy, note 4.

| COMPANY  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  Unsecured  Opening balance  3 707  3 666  Interest  (non-cash component)  85  71  Repayment  (cash component)  -  (30)  3 792  3 707  Split as follows:  Non-current liabilities  -  -  Current liabilities  3 792  3 707   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amount borrowed from the IMR Share Trust is unsecured, attracts interest at rates linked to prime and is repayable by mutual consent.

## 31. LEASE LIABILITIES

The lease liabilities recognised relate to leased buildings and motor vehicles. The Group has the option to purchase one of the buildings at a nominal amount on completion of the lease term.

An incremental borrowing rate of between 8.00% and 12.00% was applied to the lease liabilities in respect of properties recognised in the statement of financial position at the date of initial application.

It is Group policy to lease motor vehicles in some of the non-insurance subsidiaries. The average lease term is 4 to 5 years, and the average effective borrowing rate was 6.6% (2021: 7.0%). The Group's obligations are secured by the lessor's charge over certain leased assets (refer note 15).

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Leased buildings  Opening balance  57 288  57 827  -  -  Additions  (non-cash component)  8 884  8 074  -  -  Interest expense  (non-cash component)  6 315  7 761  -  -  Lease adjustment  (non-cash component)  (791)  -  -  -  Lease adjustment  (cash component)  -  1 495  -  -  Lease cancellation  (non-cash component)  (3 876)  (1 083)  -  -  Lease payments  (cash component)  (14 310)  (16 786)  -  -  53 510  57 288  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 31.   LEASE LIABILITIES (continued)

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Motor vehicle and equipment  Opening balance  586  257  -  -  Additions  (cash component)  751  650  -  -  Interest expense  (non-cash component)  4  4  -  -  Lease payments  (cash component)  (694)  (325)  -  -  647  586  -  -  Minimum lease repayment  Within one year  14 163  14 840  -  -  In second to five years  56 332  53 785  -  -  After more than five years  -  9 780  -  -  70 495  78 405  -  -  Less:  Finance charges component  (16 338)  (20 531)  -  -  54 157  57 874  -  -  Non-current liabilities  45 748  49 073  -  -  Current liabilities  8 409  8 801  -  -  54 157  57 874  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32. ADVANCES PAYABLE

## Accounting policy

Advances payable are financial liabilities measured at amortised cost. Refer to the financial instruments accounting policy, note 4.

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Current  -  unsecured advances  Opening balance  11 089  11 014  20 447  -  Acquisition as part of subsidiaries' purchase (non  -cash component)  (refer note 47.4)  (2 150)  -  -  -  Advances  (cash component)  -  75  16 948  20 447  Repayments  (cash component)  (400)  -  -  -  8 539  11 089  37 392  20 447   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Unsecured advances' repayment and interest terms are as follows:

## Group

- R5.963 million in unsecured advances from the vendors of the Leymic Group carry no interest, have no specific repayment dates and will be repaid out of cash profits generated by the Leymic Group.
- R2.576 million in unsecured advances from the vendors of the Leymic Group carry no interest, have no specific repayment dates and will be repaid out of cash profits generated by the Leymic Group.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 32.   ADVANCES PAYABLE (continued)

## Company

- R37.392 million in advances owing to Constantia Insurance Company Limited, is unsecured, attracts no interest and is repayable by mutual consent (refer note 48.2).

## 33. INSURANCE, TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

## Accounting policy

Insurance, trade and other payables are financial instruments measured at amortised cost. Refer to the financial instruments accounting policy, note 4.

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Accruals  21 423  31 988  799  575  Insurance payables  699 055  587 922  -  -  Trade payables  31 675  27 139  445  457  Dividends payable  31  31  31  31  752 184  647 080  1 275  1 063   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors are of the opinion that the value of the above payables approximates their fair value (refer note 49.5) due to their short-term nature.

## 34. REVENUE

## Accounting policy

The Group and Company currently have several revenue streams that include the following:

- Advisory, consulting and management fees;
- Fees for repair services rendered in insurance-adjacent businesses; and
- Commission and royalty fees.

To determine whether to recognise revenue, the Group and Company follow a five-step process:

1. identifying the contract with a client;
2. identifying the performance obligations;
3. determining the transaction price;
4. allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations; and
5. recognising revenue as/when performance obligation(s) are satisfied.

Advisory, consulting and management fees, fees for repair services rendered, as well as commission received and royalty income from contracts with clients to provide services to such clients is recognised when the performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time upon completion of the services.

Commission  earned  on  the  sale  and  purchase  of  property  by  third  parties  and  the  associated  royalties  are  only recognised upon the registration of the property sale with title deeds office.

Repair service fees comprise fees received for insurance claims assessment and management. This fee revenue is generally based on pre-determined fixed rates per claim received for processing and assessment, together with a recovery component for the cost of parts, labour or outsourced services, where applicable. Revenue is recognised at a point in time as recognition takes place only once the service has been completed and delivered to the client. This is considered a faithful depiction of the transfer of services as the contracts are initially priced on the basis of completion of  the  assessment and therefore also represents the amount  to which the Group would be entitled based on the performance of the services. Revenue is recognised at the transaction price. Once invoiced, payment terms thereon are generally 30 days from date of invoice.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 34.   REVENUE (continued)

Advisory, consulting and management fees comprise fees for services offered by the Group to third parties. This fee revenue is  generally  pre-determined  based  on  the  services  provided.  Revenue  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  as recognition takes place only once the service has been completed and delivered to the client. This is considered a faithful  depiction  of  the  transfer  of  services  as  the  contracts  are  initially  priced  on  the  basis  of  completion  of  the assessment and therefore also represents the amount to which the Group would be entitled based on the performance of the services. Revenue is recognised at the transaction price. Once invoiced, payment terms thereon are generally 30 days from date of invoice.

There are no significant judgements involved in the determination of the timing of the satisfaction of performance obligations or the transaction price and its allocation to performance obligations.

For insurance contract accounting, refer to note 5.2 for further details.

| GROUP  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  34.1  Insurance revenue  Gross insurance premiums  2 110 519  1 949 246  Domestic  1 935 786  1 865 677  Foreign  174 733  83 569  ## 34.2 Non-insurance revenue (domestic)  81 205  89 284  Included in Income from Insurance Operations  16 960  19 944  Advisory, consulting, management fees and fees received from third parties  16 960  19 944  Included in Net non-insurance income  64 245  69 340  Advisory, consulting and management fees received from third parties and  group companies  9 690  25 688  Repair services fees  37 533  28 551  Commissions and royalties  17 022  15 101  2 191 724  2 038 530   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35. NET CLAIMS AND MOVEMENT IN CLAIMS RESERVES

| GROUP  30 June 2022  30 June 2021  R'000  R'000  Gross claims paid  (905 510)  (892 326)  Change in provision for outstanding claims and IBNR (note 24)  (108 416)  (3 076)  Transfer to policyholder liabilities (note 29)  (191)  8 118  Gross claims and movement in claims reserves  (1 014 117)  (887 284)  Reinsurers' share of claims paid  789 145  741 984  Reinsurers' share of provisions  86 568  (8 595)  Transfer to  reinsurer's share of policyholder liabilities (note 29)  -  (12)  Net claims and movement in claims reserves  (138 404)  (153 907)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 36. OTHER (LOSSES) (EXPENSES) INCOME

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  36.1  Rental income  Since it is not considered to be part of the main revenue  generating activities, the Group presents Rental income  separate from Revenue  1 673  1 510  -  -  36.2  Insurance  Foreign exchange gains (losses)  398  (4 054)  -  -  Impairment / write-off of financial assets (refer note 13.1.1)  (7 286)  (5 207)  -  -  Software impairment (refer note 16.2.2)  (8 529)  -  -  -  Out of court settlement brought about by the introduction of the  Insurance Act (No. 18 of 2017)  (6 300)  -  -  -  (21 717)  (9 261)  -  -  36.3  Non-insurance  Impairment / write-off of financial assets (refer note 13.1.1)  (6 024)  (5 383)  (6)  -  Foreign exchange (losses) gains  (45)  143  (15)  174  (6 069)  (5 240)  (21)  174  36.4  Non-operational  Impairment of Associates (refer note 21 &amp; 40)  (47 376)  -  -  -  Profit on disposal of Associate (refer note 21)  -  1 729  -  -  Goodwill: Impairment (refer note 16.1.3)  (45 439)  (5 505)  -  -  Impairment / write-off of financial assets (refer note 13.1.1)  (1 232)  (87 591)  -  -  Property, plant and equipment: (Loss) profit on disposal  (2 324)  (4 819)  -  -  Subsidiaries: Profit on disposal (refer note 47.4)  3 020  712  -  -  Subsidiaries: Loss on fair valuations (refer note 22.2)  -  -  (177)  -  Subsidiaries: Impairment of loans (refer note 22.2)  -  -  (313 220)  (200 000)  (93 351)  (95 474)  (313 397)  (200 000)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 37. COST OF SALES

Cost of sales are incurred in connection with the Group's insurance-adjacent activities (recovery and repair services) and include the following associated expenses:

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Assessment and contractors' fees  (25 408)  (12 524)  -  -  Broker fees  (102)  (334)  -  -  Cost of parts  (3 445)  (3 324)  -  -  Inventory expensed  (252)  -  -  -  Labour  (2 141)  (2 631)  -  -  Software costs and associated license fees  (420)  (167)  -  -  Other  (48)  (69)  -  -  (31 816)  (19 049)  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 38. INVESTMENT (LOSS) INCOME

## Accounting policy

Dividends are recognised when the right to receive payment, which is registered ownership on the last day to register, is established.

Interest is recognised on a time proportion basis, taking account of the principal outstanding and the effective rate over the period to maturity of the financial instrument.

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Interest income: Finance lease receivables (note 17)  953  -  -  -  Interest income: Banks and investments  4 253  2 141  964  80  Interest income: Other  675  3 177  -  -  Investment income and fair value adjustments (listed shares)  (94 759)  (138 857)  -  -  Fair value adjustment (unrealised) (refer note 23.1)  30 173  (97 554)  -  -  Fair value adjustment (realised) (refer note 23.1)  (124 932)  (41 303)  -  -  Investment income (unlisted shares)  4 693  (9 928)  -  -  Dividend income  716  1 168  -  -  Fair value adjustment (unrealised) (refer note 23.2)  (13 561)  (11 096)  -  -  Fair value adjustment (realised) (refer note 23.2)  17 538  -  -  -  Fair value adjustment (properties held for sale) (refer note 27)  (115)  5 436  -  -  (84 300)  (138 031)  964  80   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 39. FINANCE CHARGES

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Interest paid: Lease liabilities (note 31)  (6 319)  (7 765)  -  -  Interest paid:  Underwriting managers' experience accounts  (2 608)  (274)  -  -  Interest paid: Other  (226)  (78)  (87)  (71)  (9 153)  (8 117)  (87)  (71)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40. PROFIT AND LOSS ON ASSOCIATES

During  the  prior  year,  the  investment  in  ASOC  Management  Company  was  disposed  of  to  a  third  party  for  a consideration of R5.39 million. The disposal resulted in a profit of R1.73 million. Refer note 21 for further details.

The investments in the various associate companies, other than Rikatec, were tested for impairment comparing the book  value  of  the  investment  against  a  "recoverable  amount",  which  was  determined  based  on  a 'value  in  use calculation' that:

- uses free cash flow projections based on budgeted operating results for each entity, covering a five year period;
- assumes  a  69.7%  increase  in  Oraclemed's  revenue  for  the  next  year,  which  normalises  to  increases  ranging between 5.0% and 7.1% from years 2 to 5, whereas 24 Fix's revenue is assumed to increase by 2.0% in year 1 and 7.5% from years 2 to 5 and the corresponding revenue increases for Mobility is assumed to range between 6.0% and 6.6%;
- extrapolates cash flows beyond the fifth year by using a growth rate of 0.0% for 24 Fix and Mobility, and 4.6% for Oraclemed.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 40.  PROFIT AND LOSS ON ASSOCIATES (continued)

Cash flows for  24  Fix  have  been  discounted  using  a  risk  adjusted  pre-tax  weighted  cost  of  capital  rate  of  27.3%, whereas the discount rates in respect of Oraclemed and Mobility were 26.8% and 18.0%, respectively (2021: 26.7% for Mobility).

The key assumptions applied in respect of this exercise are either based on experience or are consistent with external sources of information (e.g. inputs to determine the discount rate). The terminal growth rates are based on the the lower of the forecast inflation rate and the actual forecast growth in free cash flows between years 4 and 5, subject to a minimum of 0.0%.

These  calculations  indicated  impairment  adjustments  for  24  Fix  (R6.11  million),  Oraclemed  (R4.11  million)  and Mobility (R1.59 million) in order for the carrying value to match the recoverable amount for each entity at the end of the current financial period.

Given:

- the dependency of Rikatec on CICL from both a funding and business perspective;
- the fact that CICL's demise immediately put all negotiations with new business prospects on hold indefinitely; and
- the  directors  agreed  that  the  investment  in  Rikatec  should  be  impaired  in  full,  resulting  in  an  impairment adjustment of R35.57 million.

The directors believe that any reasonable change in the key assumptions would not cause the carrying amounts of the cash generating units to exceed the recoverable amounts that remain.

## 41. PROFIT AND LOSS ON ASSOCIATES

The loss before taxation includes:

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Consulting fees paid  (13 089)  (7 008)  (407)  (1 452)  Depreciation and amortisation  (24 533)  (29 502)  -  -  Legal fees  (4 262)  (4 536)  (342)  -  Short term lease charges  (1 110)  (1 887)  -  -  Equipment  (141)  (188)  -  -  Premises  (969)  (1 699)  -  -  Secretarial fees  (134)  (411)  (96)  (140)  Staff costs  (133 781)  (150 193)  -  -  Salaries and wages (excluding directors' remuneration)  (122 988)  (140 862)  -  -  Provident fund (defined contribution plan)  (10 793)  (9 331)  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 42. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

| Directors'  fees  Basic  salary  Bonuses  Consulting  fees  Provident  fund  Other  benefits  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  42.1  2022  Paid for by Company  NON-EXECUTIVE  Napier, R  785  -  -  -  -  -  782  Chou, L  373  -  -  -  -  -  373  Lubega, M  428  -  -  -  -  -  428  Maizey, A  373  -  -  865  -  -  1 238  Siyotula, N  540  -  -  -  -  -  540  2 496  -  -  865  -  -  3 361  Paid for by subsidiaries  NON-EXECUTIVE  Lubega, M  451  -  -  -  -  -  451  Siyotula, N  451  -  -  -  -  -  451  EXECUTIVE  Riskowitz, S  -  2 448  -  -  3  6  2 457  Yan, B  -  1 532  98  -  18  46  1 693  902  3 980  97  -  21  52  5 052  3 398  3 980  97  865  21  52  8 413  42.2  2021  Paid for by Company  NON-EXECUTIVE  Napier, R  656  -  -  -  -  -  656  Chou, L  359  -  -  -  -  -  359  Lubega, M  106  -  -  -  -  -  106  Maizey, A  359  -  -  835  -  -  1 194  Siyotula, N  453  -  -  -  -  -  453  Thorndike, W  343  -  -  -  -  -  343  Xaba, R  226  -  -  -  -  -  226  2 502  -  -  835  -  -  3 337  Paid for by subsidiaries  NON-EXECUTIVE  Siyotula, N  500  -  -  -  -  -  500  Xaba, R  211  -  -  -  -  -  211  EXECUTIVE  Louw, L  -  1 661  -  -  -  290  1 951  Riskowitz, S  -  2 363  -  -  -  5  2 368  Yan, B  -  423  -  -  -  11  434  711  4 447  -  -  -  306  5 464  3 213  4 447  -  835  -  306  8 801   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 43. RETIREMENT BENEFITS

It is believed that during the year in excess of 60.0% (2021: 60.7%) of the Group's employees contributed to the GTC Umbrella Provident Fund, of which the Group is a  participant, and which is a defined contribution plan. Once the contributions have been paid, the Group has no further payment obligations. The regular contributions constitute net periodic costs for the period in which they are due and as such are included in staff costs.

Contributions for the period under consideration amounted to R10.79 million (2021: R9.33 million). The umbrella fund and its participants are registered in terms of and regulated by the Pension Funds Act.

The rest of the Group has no formal or informal retirement benefit arrangements for employees or directors.

## 44. TAXATION

## Accounting policy

Current tax and deferred tax are charged against profit or loss and are based on the expected taxable income for the year, as adjusted for items which are non-taxable or disallowed, as well as any adjustment of tax payable for previous years, except to the extent that the tax arises from:

- a transaction or event which is recognised, in the same or a different period, directly in equity; or
- a business combination.

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  44.1  Taxation  South African normal taxation  (4 406)  (2 947)  -  -  Current period  (4 737)  (4 021)  -  -  Prior period under provision  331  1 074  -  -  Deferred tax  (109 126)  139 051  -  -  Originating and reversing temporary differences  (227 293)  125 731  1 939  -  Prior period under (over) provision  118 167  13 320  (1 939)  -  Taxation per statement of profit or loss and other  comprehensive income  (113 532)  136 104  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 44.   TAXATION (continued)

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  44.2  Taxation reconciliation  Loss before tax  (206 707)  (281 866)  (323 153)  (216 678)  Standard South African normal taxation  57 878  78 922  90 483  60 670  Non-taxable income  - Dividends received  201  327  -  -  - Equity accounted income  1 405  -  -  -  - SARS ETI rebates  592  888  -  -  Non-deductible expenses  - 5-Funds losses in Life companies  (8 475)  (2 431)  -  -  - Donations  (9)  (61)  -  -  - Equity accounted losses  -  (1 128)  -  -  - Fines, penalties and interest paid to SARS  (23)  (43)  -  -  - Goodwill impairment  (12 723)  (1 541)  -  -  - Interest  (747)  -  -  -  - Keyman insurance  (39)  (35)  -  -  - Legal fees  (1 781)  (2 749)  (9)  (2 444)  - Expenses incurred in respect of non-taxable income  (5 073)  (841)  (2 753)  (287)  Prior period under provision  -  Normal taxation  331  1 074  -  -  Prior period under (over) provision  -  Deferred taxation  118 167  13 320  (1 939)  -  Deferred tax asset not raised in companies with losses  (248 009)  (7 516)  (58 640)  (46 739)  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses  10 408  65 790  -  -  Change in tax rate  (16 219)  -  (9 592)  -  Tax rate differential on share trusts  (15)  (11)  -  -  Tax rate differential on capital gains  (9 401)  (7 861)  (17 550)  (11 200)  Taxation per statement of profit or loss and other  comprehensive income  (113 532)  136 104  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in group companies that do not anticipate generating sufficient taxable income to utilise these assets in the foreseeable future.

The unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been raised as at the reporting date amounted to R1,633.13 million (2021: R684.90 million). The estimated tax losses available for set off against future taxable income at Group level is also R1,633.13 million (2021: R684.90 million). At Company level the amount available for set off is R959.24 million (2021: R715.56 million).

## 45. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

45.1 A portfolio acquisition agreement, effective 1 September 2015, exists between CICL and Dealers Indemnity Proprietary  Limited  ("Dealers").  Dealers  receives  a  monthly  annuity  of  R45  000  for  the  remainder  of  the vendor's natural life, subject to a minimum payment of R1.5 million ("the Minimum Payment").

The present value of the annuity payments in excess of the Minimum Payment as at 30 June 2022 amounted to R2,534,701 (2021: R2,630,297) ("the Maximum Liability") per an actuarial calculation based on published mortality tables. The Group has initially raised a liability to the value of R1.5 million, which was the minimum amount payable. This amount has now been paid in full. The Group therefore confirms that it has a contingent liability of R2,534,701 as at the reporting date.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 45.   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (continued)

45.2 The Group is not aware of any current or pending legal cases that would have a material adverse effect on its results.

## 46. LOSS / ASSET VALUE PER SHARE

| GROUP  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  ## 46.1 Calculation of basic loss  The loss amounts used in the calculation of basic loss per share are as follows:  Loss for the year  (320 239)  (145 762)  Non-controlling interest  1 732  (12)  (318 507)  (145 774)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 46.2 Reconciliation between basic loss and headline loss

| 2022  2021  Gross  Net  Gross  Net  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Headline loss is determined as follows:  Loss attributable to ordinary shareholders  -  (318 507)  -  (145 774)  Loss (profit) on disposal of property, plant and equipment  2 324  2 345  4 819  4 879  Impairment of associates  43 376  47 376  (1 729)  (1 309)  Impairment of goodwill  45 439  45 439  5 505  5 505  Impairment of computer software  8 529  8 529  -  -  Profit on revaluation of properties held for sale  115  115  (5 436)  (4 919)  Loss on disposal of subsidiary  (3 020)  (3 020)  (712)  (712)  Non-controlling interest on the items above (after taxation)  (329)  (329)  -  -  Headline loss  (218 052)  (142 330)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GROUP  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  46.3  Calculation of net asset value  The net asset value amounts used in the calculation of net asset per share are as  follows:  Capital and reserves  (299 669)  17 253  Non-controlling interest  (794)  791  Equity attributable to owners of the parent/Net asset value  (300 463)  18 044   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This performance measure is not required in terms of IFRS; however it is considered an appropriate measurement of the Group's financial performance.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 46.   LOSS / ASSET VALUE PER SHARE (continued)

## 46.4 Reconciliation between net asset value and tangible net asset value

| GROUP  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  Tangible net asset value is determined as follows:  Net asset value  (300 463)  18 044  Intangible assets  (21 108)  (89 376)  Tangible net asset value  (321 571)  (71 332)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 46.5 Shares in issue

| GROUP  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  46.5.1  Number of shares ('000)  Shares in issue  764 444  764 444  Shares held as treasury shares  (76 168)  (76 168)  688 276  688 276  46.5.2  Weighted average number of shares ('000)  Shares in issue  764 444  764 444  Shares held as treasury shares  (76 168)  (74 423)  688 276  690 021  46.6  Loss per share  46.6.1  Basic and Diluted loss per share  (46.3)  (21.1)  46.6.2  Headline and Diluted Headline loss per share  (31.7)  (20.6)  46.7  Asset value per share (cents)  46.7.1  Net asset value per share (cents)  (43.7)  2.6  46.7.2  Tangible net asset value per share (cents)  (46.7)  (10.4)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This performance measure is not required in terms of IFRS; however it is considered an appropriate measurement of the Group's financial performance.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 47. NOTES TO THE CASH FLOW STATEMENT

47.1 Outflows of cash are represented by amounts in brackets, while inflows are represented by amounts without brackets.

## 47.2 Reconciliation of loss before taxation to cash utilised in operations

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Loss before taxation  (206 707)  (281 866)  (323 153)  (216 678)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation and amortisation  24 533  29 502  -  -  Dividend income  (716)  (1 168)  -  -  Finance charges  - Lease liabilities  6 319  7 765  -  -  - Other  2 834  352  87  71  Interest income  - Finance lease receivables  (953)  -  -  -  - Other  (4 253)  (2 141)  (964)  (80)  Profit on disposal of associates  -  (1 729)  -  -  Impairment of associates  47 376  -  -  -  Impairment of computer software  8 529  -  -  -  Impairment of goodwill  45 439  5 505  -  -  Impairment of financial assets  14 542  98 181  6  -  Investment losses  90 782  149 953  -  -  Loss (profit) on disposal of property, plant and equipment  2 324  4 819  -  -  Revaluation of property held for sale  115  (5 436)  -  -  (Profit) loss on disposal of subsidiaries  (3 020)  (712)  -  -  Impairment of subsidiaries loans  -  -  313 220  200 000  Impairment of subsidiaries  -  -  177  -  Share of profit from associate  (5 017)  4 029  -  -  Operating cash flows before working capital changes  22 127  7 054  (10 627)  (16 687)  Working capital changes  87 760  (13 611)  100  (851)  - Increase in trade and other receivables  (42 010)  77 711  (106)  1 173  - (Decrease) increase in trade and other payables  108 259  (80 300)  206  (2 024)  - (Increase) decrease in inventory  (101)  (503)  -  -  -  Decrease in reinsurers' share of policyholder liabilities  -  12  -  -  - Decrease in policyholder liabilities  191  (8 118)  -  -  - Increase in insurance assets  (113 180)  (9 169)  -  -  - Increase in insurance liabilities  134 601  6 756  -  -  Cash utilised in operations  109 887  (6 557)  (10 527)  (17 538)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 47.3 Taxation paid

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Opening balance  (1 320)  (2 217)  -  -  Disposal of subsidiaries  42  (36)  -  -  Movement on statement of comprehensive income  (4 406)  (2 947)  -  -  Closing balance  2 773  1 320  -  -  (2 911)  (3 880)  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 47. NOTES TO THE CASH FLOW STATEMENT (continued)

## 47.4 Reconciliation of assets acquired and sold in subsidiaries to cash paid

During the year the Group reduced its interest in 24 Fix Proprietary Limited ("24 Fix") from 51% to 49% in a transaction  that  aimed  to  improve  24  Fix's  Black  Economic  Empowerment  credentials.  The  disposal generated a profit of R3.02 million, but also resulted in a loss of control and the investment being accounted for as an associate with effect from 1 April 2022. The reconciliation of assets and liabilities disposed of in subsidiaries to cash inflow is as follows:

| Group  24Fix  (51%)  Total  2021  R'000  R'000  Effective date of change of control  1 Apr  '22  Fair value of assets disposed of:  - Property, plant and equipment  98  98  - Inventory  101  101  - Trade and other receivables  1 643  1 643  - Loans payable  (2 150)  (2 150)  - Trade and other payables  (3 155)  (3 155)  - Net tax payable  (42)  (42)  - Minority interest  4 169  4 169  - Net liability value disposed of  664  664  - Goodwill disposed of  2 282  2 282  - Sale price  2 946  2 946  - Profit on disposal  3 020  3 020  - Transferred to investment in associates  (5 910)  (5 910)  - Settlement amount outstanding, reflected in receivables  (40)  (40)  - Net cash inflow on disposal  16  16   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 48. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES

## 48.1 The following information relates to the Group's investment in associate companies

| Nature of  business  Country  of  incorpo-  ration  Number of shares  held  Beneficial  interest  Book value of  investment  Indebtedness  to Group  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Held through  a subsidiary  24Fix  Proprietary  Limited  Home  assistance  services,  Auto glass  replacement  RSA  4 083 111  -  28.7  -  -  -  -  -  Mobility  Insurance  Underwriting  Managers  Proprietary  Limited  Underwriting  manager  RSA  52  52  26.0  26.0  -  1 587  3 173  2 902  OracleMed  Health  Investments  Proprietary  Limited  Underwriting  manager  RSA  43  -  30.0  -  42 850  -  -  -  Rikatec  Proprietary  Limited  Information  management  and analytics  RSA  3 050  3 050  30.5  30.5  -  -  -  32 591  42 850  1 587  3 173  35 493   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

-All associates of the Group are unlisted companies.

- -The loan to Rikatec Proprietary Limited (fully impaired) is secured by a shareholding pledged by the majority shareholders of the company, attracts interest at rates linked to prime and is repayable subject to certain performance conditions being met, including an income-related target as a percentage of gross receipts, within 48 months from the date of the funds transferred.
- -The  loan  to  Mobility  Insurance  Underwriting  Managers  Proprietary  Limited  is  secured  by  personal  sureties  from  key management and directors, cession of  25%  of  the  shareholding  by  the  majority  shareholders  and  subordination,  attracts interest at rates linked to prime and is repayable by mutual consent.
- -Refer to note 21 for further details relating to the ECL and credit risk management on the various loans to associates.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 48. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES (continued)

## 48.2 The following information relates to the Company's  investment in subsidiary companies

Country

| Nature of  business  of  incorpo  -ration  Issued ordinary share  capital  Beneficial  interest  Shares at cost  less amounts  written off  Indebtedness to  (by) Conduit  Capital  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Directly  owned  Conduit  Management  Services  Proprietary  Limited  Manage-  ment  services;  equities  investment  RSA  140 000  140 000  100.0  100.0  140  140  3 700  31 302  Coper Sunset  Trading 186  Proprietary  Limited  Holding  company  RSA  100  100  100.0  100.0  2  2  69 852  332 434  Marble Gold  213  Proprietary  Limited  Holding  company  RSA  100  100  100.0  100.0  54  231  -  71  On Line  Lottery  Services  Proprietary  Limited  Dormant  RSA  150  150  80.0  80.0  585  585  -  -  Held  through a  subsidiary  24Fix  Proprietary  Limited  (Note C  Home  assistance  services;  Auto glass  replace-  ment  RSA  -  4 249 769  -  29.9  -  -  -  -  Black Ginger  92 Proprietary  Limited  Investment  company  RSA  100  100  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  15 236  Conduit Fund  Managers  Proprietary  Limited  Asset  manager  RSA  1  1  100.0  100.0  -  -  10 524  46 353  Conduit  Ventures  Proprietary  Limited  Holding  company  RSA  1 000  1 000  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  Constantia  Insurance  Company  Limited  Short-term  insurance  RSA  2 247 500  2 247 500  100.0  100.0  -  -  (37 392)  (20 447)  Constantia  Insurance  Holdings  Proprietary  Limited  Investment  company  RSA  120  120  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 48.   INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES (continued)

## 48.2 The following information relates to the Company's  investment in subsidiary companies (continued)

Country

| Nature of  business  of  incorpo  -ration  Issued ordinary share  capital  Beneficial  interest  Shares at cost  less amounts  written off  Indebtedness to  (by) Conduit  Capital  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Constantia  Life and  Heath  Assurance  Company  Limited  Long-term  insurer  RSA  13 772 380  13 772 380  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  Constantia  Life Limited  Long-term  insurer  RSA  696 000  696 000  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  Constantia  Risk and  Insurance  Holdings  Proprietary  Limited  Holding  company  RSA  200  200  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  Corporate  Specialist  Investigations  Proprietary  Limited  (Note C)  Claims  investiga-  tions  RSA  352 000  352 000  46.8  46.8  -  -  -  -  Deal Design  Property and  Business  Broking  Proprietary  Limited  trading as  Century 21  Commer-  cial property  and  business  broking  RSA  100  100  51.0  51.0  -  -  -  -  Fixico South  Africa  Proprietary  Limited  (Note C)  Insurer  motor  assessment  platform  services  RSA  120  120  29.9  29.9  -  -  -  -  General Legal  and  Administra-  tion Services  Limited  Administra-  tion services  provider  RSA  1 002  1 002  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  Goodall and  Bourne  Properties  Proprietary  Limited  Property  company  RSA  2 000  2 000  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  Goodall and  Bourne Trust  Company  Proprietary  Limited  Holding  company  (Dormant)  RSA  200  200  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  IMR Share  Trust  Dormant  RSA  -  -  -  -  -  -  (3 792)  (3 707)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 48.   INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES (continued)

## 48.2 The following information relates to the Company's  investment in subsidiary companies (continued)

Country

| Nature of  business  of  incorpo  -ration  Issued ordinary share  capital  Beneficial  interest  Shares at cost  less amounts  written off  Indebtedness to  (by) Conduit  Capital  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Internetwork  Property  Services  Proprietary  Limited  Admnistra-  tive  company  RSA  100  100  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  Kulundleko  Solutions  Proprietary  Limited  trading as  Repair  Solutions  Insurer and  motor body  repairer  alignment  RSA  100  100  58.6  58.6  -  -  -  -  Leymic  Holdings  Proprietary  Limited  Holding  company  RSA  4 685  4 685  58.6  58.6  -  -  -  -  Midbrook  Lane  Proprietary  Limited  Equity  investment  RSA  4 093 942  4 093 943  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  Midbrook  Lane  Ventures  Proprietary  Limited  Investment  company  RSA  100  100  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  PartsTrader  SA Proprietary  Limited  Platform  provider of  automotive  parts for  insurers,  repairers &amp;  suppliers  RSA  120  120  58.6  58.6  -  -  -  -  Snowball  Wealth  Proprietary  Limited  Equities  investment  RSA  24 960  24 960  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  -  TGI  Investment  Holding  Limited  Investment  company  RSA  9 680 036  9 680 036  100.0  100.0  -  -  -  781  958  42 892  401 242   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note C Although the effective holding in this entity is less than 50%, Conduit has control over the entity through its majority interest in Leymic Holdings Proprietary Limited, which in turn owns a majority interest in the entity.

Notes:

-All subsidiaries in the Group are unlisted companies.

- -The loan to Conduit Management Services Proprietary Limited, is unsecured, attracts no interest and is repayable at the election of the borrower.
- -The loan to Black Ginger 92 Proprietary Limited (fully impaired), is unsecured, attracts no interest and is repayable at the election of the borrower.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 48.   INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES (continued)

## 48.2 The following information relates to the Company's  investment in subsidiary companies (continued)

Notes (continued):

- -The loan to Copper Sunset Trading 186 Proprietary Limited is unsecured, attracts no interest and is repayable at the election of the borrower.
- -The advance from Constantia Insurance Company Limited is unsecured, attracts no  interest and is repayable by mutual consent.
- -The loan to Conduit Fund Managers Proprietary Limited is unsecured, attracts no interest and is repayable at the election of the borrower.
- -The loan to Marble Gold 213 Proprietary Limited is unsecured, attracts no interest and is repayable by mutual consent.
- -The amount borrowed from the IMR Share Trust is unsecured, attracts interest at rates linked to prime and is repayable by mutual consent.

## 48.3 Allocated as follows:

| COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  Shares at cost, less impairment (refer note 22.1)  781  958  Loans (refer note 22.1)  84 076  425 396  Investment in subsidiaries (refer note 22)  84 857  426 354  Interest bearing borrowings (refer note 30)  (3 92)  (3 707)  Advances payable (refer note 32)  (37 392)  (20 447)  43 673  402 200   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 49. RISK MANAGEMENT

## 49.1 Current risk

Currency risk  is  the  risk  that  the  value  of  a  financial  instrument  denominated  in  a  foreign  currency  will fluctuate against the Rand ("ZAR" or "R") as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates.

The Group is exposed to currency risk with regards to its reinsurance operations in Africa and its aviation business. Premium income from these operations, which contributed approximately 8.3% to the Group's gross premium income for the current financial period (2021: 4.3%), was earned in US Dollar ("USD" or "$") and fluctuations in the ZAR/USD exchange rate may influence underwriting results and asset values (as it relates to USD denominated assets) to a material extent.

At 30 June 2022, the applicable spot rate used to translate foreign currency balances was R16.332955/$1 (2021: R14.309907/$1).

The  table  below  demonstrates  the  implied  sensitivity  in  the  fair  value  at  the  reporting  date  of  the  USD denominated assets and liabilities based on assumed changes to the ZAR/USD exchange rate. The methods and assumptions used for the purposes of the sensitivity analysis are unchanged compared to the prior year.

As at the reporting date the Group had the following USD exposure:

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.1 Current risk (continued)

| Exposure in  USD  Converted  to ZAR  Rand  weakens  10%  Rand  strengthens  10%  '000  '000  R'000  R'000  30 June 2022  Assets  5 776  94 335  103 769  84 902  Liabilities  (5 253)  (85 805)  (94 385)  (77 224)  Net assets  523  8 530  9 384  7 678  30 June 2021  664  664  Assets  5 931  84 89  93 356  76 382  Liabilities  (5 655)  (80 916)  (89 008)  (72 825)  Net assets  276  3 953  4 348  3 557   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 49.2 Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate as a result of changes in market interest rates.

The Group has some investments, receivables and borrowings that might be subject to interest rate risk. Details  of  these  investments  and  receivables  are  set  out  in  notes  19  (Insurance,  trade  and  other receivables), 23 (Investments held at fair value), 30 (Interest-bearing borrowings) and 31 (Lease liabilities), respectively. Additional exposure to interest rate risk is in the form of cash balances held at call with banks (see note 26), which earn interest at rates that vary on a daily basis and loans receivable that earn interest at rates that are linked to the prime lending rate (see notes 18 and 21).

Interest rates applied in the sensitivity analysis are as follows:

| - Average annual call rate  3.88%  (2021: 3.52%)  -  Loans receivables  7.63%  (2021: 8.25%)  -  Other receivables  0.00%  (2021: 33.58%)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The methods and assumptions used for the purpose of the sensitivity analysis are unchanged compared to the  prior  year.  The  tables  below  demonstrate  the  implied  sensitivity  in  the  fair  values  of  the  financial instruments at the reporting date.

## 49.2.1 An increase or decrease of 2% in the respective interest rates would result in the following changes in the fair values of these financial instruments of the Group:

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  2%  increase  2%  increase  2%  decrease  2%  decrease  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Financial assets  Cash and interest bearing loans  1 147  1 646  (1 147)  (1 646)  Financial liabilities  Interest bearing borrowings  (62)  (101)  62  101   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.2 Interest rate risk (continued)

## 49.2.2 An increase or decrease of 2% in the respective interest rates would result in the following changes in the fair values of these financial instruments of the Company:

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  2%  increase  2%  increase  2%  decrease  2%  decrease  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  496  46  (496)  (46  Financial liabilities  Interest bearing borrowings  (73)  (70)  73  70   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  and  the  Company  monitor  and  manage  this  risk  through  its  Investment  Committee  and  the Board's oversight.

## 49.3 Market risk

Market risk is the risk of an adverse financial impact due to changes in fair values or future cash flows of financial instruments from fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, property prices and foreign currency exchange rates, besides those disclosed more specifically under currency and interest rate risks.

Key areas where the Group is exposed to market risk are:

- listed investments; and
- unlisted investments.

Management is of the view that when considering:

- the length of the remaining investment horizon for each of the investments currently in the investment portfolio; and
- the exaggerated impact that the current illiquidity of the investment portfolio could have on share price movements, despite the  fact  that  the  underlying  value  of  each  individual  investment  might  remain intact;

any  sensitivity  analysis  of  the  investment  portfolio,  based  on  potential  share  price  movements,  would provide very limited value at this time.

The table below offers an indication of the levels of volatility that can be experienced in the Group's listed equity portfolio based on mark-to-market movements, as compared to the JSE All Share Index. It should however  be  emphasised  that  these  short-term  share  price  movements  do  not  necessarily  have  any connection to the underlying long-term value of the investments in the portfolio over the remaining term of the investments:

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.3 Market risk (continued)

| 2022  2021  Portfolio  JSE All  Share  Index  Portfolio  JSE All  Share  Index  Market value as at reporting date (R'000)  A  83 154  66 223  179 635  66 249  Market value based on highest closing price  achieved by individual portfolio components during  the reporting year (R'000)  B  230 260  78 297  445 740  69 049  Market value based on lowest closing price achieved  by individual portfolio components during the  reporting year (R'000)  C  58 584  60 894  130 352  51 685  Premium: B vs A (%)  176.9  18.2  148.1  4.2  Discount: C vs A (%)  (29.5)  (8.0)  (27.4)  (22.0)  Premium: B vs C (%)  293.0  28.6  242.0  33.6   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's Investment Committee reviews and manages market risk by focusing on the qualitative aspects of each investment, supported by quantitative measures such as the analysis of changes in look-through earnings. Further quantitative measures such as sensitivities to share price movements will be introduced at the appropriate time, i.e. when the investment portfolio is more mature, or when the investment horizon reduces to such an extent that the portfolio (or parts thereof) might be liquidated in the foreseeable future.

## 49.4 Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss in the value of financial assets due to counterparties failing to meet all or part of their obligations.

Key areas where the Group is exposed to credit risk are:

- cash and cash equivalents;
- amounts due from insurance policyholders and intermediaries;
- amounts due from reinsurers and reinsurers' share of insurance liabilities;
- loans receivable; and
- trade and other receivables.

The Group determines counterparty credit quality by reference to ratings from independent ratings agencies or,  where such ratings are not available, by internal  analysis. The Group seeks to avoid concentration of credit risk by counterparty, business sector, product type and geographical segment.

Counterparty risk  relating  to  reinsurers  is  mitigated  in  accordance  with  the  Reinsurance  Risk  Mitigation policy and includes the minimum requirements reinsurers must satisfy in terms of credit rating thresholds and equivalent jurisdictions.

The following tables provide information regarding the aggregated credit risk exposure for financial assets with external credit ratings as at:

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.4 Credit risk (continued)

| Credit rating  AA-  A+ to A  BBB+ to  BBB-  BB+ to  BB-  B+ to  B-  Not  rated  Carrying  value  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  49.4.1  GROUP  30 June 2022  Loans receivable  -  -  -  -  -  6 791  6 791  Loans to associates  -  -  -  -  -  3 173  3 173  Recoverable from  reinsurers*  -  -  -  -  -  561 561  561 561  Insurance, trade and  other receivables  -  -  -  -  -  279 741  279 741  Cash and cash  equivalents  -  -  -  237 045  -  32  237 077  -  -  -  237 045  -  851 298  1 088 343  30 June 2021  Loans receivable  -  -  -  -  -  1 044  1 044  Loans to associates  -  -  -  -  -  35 493  35 493  Recoverable from  reinsurers  270 411  172 501  -  -  2 280  3 189  448 381  Insurance, trade and  other receivables  -  -  -  -  -  249 325  249 325  Cash and cash  equivalents  14  -  -  158 725  -  31  158 770  270 425  172 501  -  158 725  2 280  289 082  893 013   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Ratings not available for the 2022 financial year

| Credit rating  AA-  A+ to A  BBB+ to  BBB-  BB+ to  BB-  B+ to  B-  Not  rated  Carrying  value  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  49.4.2  COMPANY  30 June 2022  Trade and other  receivables  -  -  -  -  -  320  320  Cash and cash  equivalents  -  -  -  37 827  -  -  37 827  -  -  -  37 827  -  320  38 147  30 June 2021  Trade and other  receivables  -  -  -  -  -  326  326  Cash and cash  equivalents  -  -  -  2 347  -  -  2 347  -  -  -  2 347  -  326  2 673   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.4 Credit risk (continued)

Loans,  insurance,  trade  and  other  receivables  and  reinsurance  receivables  consist  mainly  of  accounts receivable from the Group's customer base, its reinsurers, subsidiaries and associates. Group companies and contracted underwriting managers monitor the financial position of their customers, which include insurance clients, on an ongoing basis. Credit, other than in the insurance division, is extended in terms of an agreement and allowances are made for expected credit losses.

The credit risk is assessed on an ongoing basis to assess the performance of credit facilities extended taking into account past experience and knowledge, including the financial position of the borrower, industry and economic factors impacting the borrower, historical breaches and defaults, ability to pay, probability of default, expected credit losses and also incorporating forward-looking information and general economic conditions of the industry as at the reporting date.

The information is used to determine the probability of default, loss given default and the exposure given default.

Investments  held  in  listed  and  non-listed  shares  (note  23)  have  not  been  rated  as  these  represent investments  in  equities  of  private  entities  or  entities  listed  on  the  securities  exchange  operated  by  JSE Limited.

The carrying amount of assets included on the statement of financial position represents the maximum credit exposure. At the reporting date management did not consider there to be any material credit risk exposure that was not already covered by a loss allowance.

## Impairment history

The following tables provide information regarding the carrying value of financial assets that have been impaired and the ageing of financial assets that have not been impaired:

Ageing of financial assets

| Not past  due  1  -  3  months  4  -  6  months  7  -  12  months  Greater  than 12  months  Allow-  ance for  impair-  ment  Carrying  value  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  49.4.1  GROUP  30 June 2022  Loans receivable  6 791  -  -  -  -  -  6 791  Loans to associates  3 173  -  -  -  -  -  3 173  Recoverable from  reinsurers*  561 561  -  -  -  -  -  561 561  Insurance, trade and  other receivables  166 390  10 720  8 485  9 670  181 391  (96 915)  279 741  Cash and cash  equivalents  237 077  -  -  -  -  -  237 077  974 992  10 720  8 485  9 670  181 391  (96 915)  1 088 343  30 June 2021  Loans receivable  1 044  -  -  -  -  -  1 044  Loans to associates  35 493  -  -  -  -  -  35 493  Recoverable from  reinsurers  448 381  -  -  -  -  -  448 381  Insurance, trade and  other receivables  121 273  19 488  8 846  1 844  194 277  (96 403)  249 325  Cash and cash  equivalents  158 770  -  -  -  -  -  158 770  764 961  19 488  8 846  1 844  194 277  (96 403)  893 013   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.4 Credit risk (continued)

| Not  past  due  1  -  3  months  4  -  6  months  7  -  12  months  Greater  than 12  months  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  Expected credit loss  -  30 June 2022  Insurance, trade and other  receivables  166 390  10 720  8 485  9 670  181 391  376 656  Gross receivables  166 390  10 720  8 485  9 670  181 391  376 656  ECL rate  0.0%  0.0%  1.0%  0.0%  53.4%  Impairment  -  -  (89)  -  (96 826)  (96 915)  166 390  10 720  8 396  9 670  84 565  279 741  Expected credit loss  -  30 June 2021  Insurance, trade and other  receivables  121 273  19 488  8 846  1 844  194 277  345 728  Gross receivables  121 273  19 488  8 846  1 844  194 277  345 728  ECL rate  0.0%  0.0%  1.8%  66.5%  48.9%  Impairment  -  (3)  (157)  (1 227)  (95 016)  (96 403)  121 273  19 485  8 689  617  99 261  249 325   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Ageing of financial assets

| ## Ageing of financial assets  Not past  due  1  -  3  months  4  -  6  months  7  -  12  months  Greater  than 12  months  Allow-  ance for  impair-  ment  Carrying  value  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  49.4.4  COMPANY  30 June 2022  Trade and other  receivables  320  -  -  -  -  -  320  Cash and cash  equivalents  37 827  -  -  -  -  -  37 827  38 147  -  -  -  -  -  38 147  30 June 2021  Trade and other  receivables  326  -  -  -  -  -  326  Cash and cash  equivalents  2 347  -  -  -  -  -  2 347  2 673  -  -  -  -  -  2 673   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No expected credit loss provisions were raised for the Company as at either 30 June 2022 or 30 June 2021.

No independent credit ratings are available for any of the trade receivables or loans. The credit quality of trade  receivables  has  been  assessed  using  historical  information  of  the  counterparties  including  any evidence of financial distress.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.4 Credit risk (continued)

The Group and the Company apply the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses using a lifetime expected credit loss allowance for trade receivables. To measure expected credit losses ("ECL") on a collective basis, trade receivables are grouped based on similar credit risk and ageing. The Group and the Company apply the IFRS 9 simplified approach of measuring ECL using the lifetime expected credit loss allowance for insurance and other receivables, whereas the general approach is used for loans.

The expected loss rates are based on the Group and the Company's historical credit losses up to the end of the  reporting  period.  The  determined  historical  rates  are  then  adjusted  for  current  and  forward-looking information on factors affecting the Group and the Company's client base.

The lifetime expected loss provision for insurance, trade and other receivables is as per the commentary to the tables shown below:

## Expected credit loss

| Ageing of financial assets  Not past  due  1  -  3  months  4  -  6  months  7  -  12  months  Greater  than 12  months  Allow-  ance for  impair-  ment  Carrying  value  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  49.4.5  GROUP  30 June 2022  Loans receivable  6 791  -  -  -  -  -  6 791  Loans to associates  3 173  -  -  -  -  -  3 173  Recoverable from  reinsurers*  561 561  -  -  -  -  -  561 561  Insurance, trade and  other receivables  166 390  10 720  8 485  9 670  181 391  (96 915)  279 741  737 915  10 720  8 485  9 670  181 391  (96 915)  851 266  30 June 2021  Loans receivable  1 044  -  -  -  -  -  1 044  Loans to associates  35 493  -  -  -  -  -  35 493  Recoverable from  reinsurers  448 381  -  -  -  -  -  448 381  Insurance, trade and  other receivables  121 273  19 488  8 846  1 844  194 277  (96 403)  249 325  606 191  19 488  8 846  1 844  194 277  (96 403)  734 243   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.4 Credit risk (continued)

| Ageing of financial assets  Not past  due  1  -  3  months  4  -  6  months  7  -  12  months  Greater  than 12  months  Allow-  ance for  impair-  ment  Carrying  value  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  49.4.6  COMPANY  30 June 2022  Trade and other  receivables  320  -  -  -  -  -  320  Cash and cash  equivalents  37 827  -  -  -  -  -  37 827  38 147  -  -  -  -  -  38 147  30 June 2021  Trade and other  receivables  326  -  -  -  -  -  326  Cash and cash  equivalents  2 347  -  -  -  -  -  2 347  2 673  -  -  -  -  -  2 673   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The majority of the insurance, trade and other receivable outstanding for longer than 12 months relates to:

- R95.0 million owed by a third-party collection agency that was put into liquidation during June 2021. A loss  allowance  for  the  full  lifetime  expected  credit  loss  has  been  provided  for  on  the  outstanding balance. The credit risk has been assessed as high given that the entity was placed in liquidation. The current expected credit loss was raised at 100% given the current market values of the underlying assets compared to  total  unsecured  debt  of  R1.74  billion  in  the  public  domain,  in  addition  to  the  entity's secured debt;
- R51.1 million owed by Trustco Property Holdings Proprietary Limited and Legal Shield Holdings Limited in respect of the lapsed transactions that the entities and Constantia were involved in (the termination of  negotiations  between  Trustco  and  the  Company  was  announced  on  SENS  on  18  March  2021). Payment of the Outstanding Receivable is disputed and currently the subject of an arbitration.  The outstanding amount is however fully secured and the credit risk and risk of default for these debtors are considered to be low;
- R33.4 million in long outstanding premiums on the medical evacuation book. Due to restrictions with the availability of foreign exchange in some African countries, minimal payments have been received from  certain  in-country  insurers  that  reinsures  into  Constantia.  Any  claims  to  be  settled  in  those countries have however been settled directly by the local insurer to the policyholder. To mitigate the risk of  non-recoverability  of  the  outstanding  premium,  any  amounts  due  to  in-country  insurers  and  the underwriting manager responsible for the business (comprising mainly claims owing, profit commissions and underwriting management fees) have also been held back or were settled on a net basis. The credit risk and risk of default for this debtor is considered to be low; and
- R1.4  million  in  long  outstanding  premiums  on  the  taxi  insurance  book,  together  with  a  further  R1.4 million on the medical malpractice insurance book. The credit risk has been assessed as high in both instances and the current expected credit loss was raised at 100%.

The majority of the insurance receivable outstanding for 4 - 6 months and 7 - 12 months relates to:

- R1.6m of outstanding fees that should normally be settled within 30 days of invoice. The credit risk has been assessed as high given that the amount has been outstanding for so long. Given the nature of the amounts outstanding and the period for which it had been outstanding, the current expected credit loss on these outstanding amounts was raised at 29%.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.4 Credit risk (continued)

- R10.8 million in long outstanding premiums on the medical evacuation book. Due to restrictions with the availability of foreign exchange in certain African countries, minimal payments have been received from insurers in those countries. Any claims to be settled in those countries have however been settled directly  by  the  local  insurer  to  the  policyholder.  To  mitigate  the  risk  of  non-recoverability  of  the outstanding premium, any amounts due to the local insurers and the underwriting manager responsible for the business (comprising mainly claims owing, profit commissions and underwriting management fees) have also been held back or were settled on a net basis. The credit risk and risk of default for this debtor is considered to be low;
- R0.5 million of outstanding commissions that would normally be settled on the transfer of properties being sold. Although the credit risk and risk of default for these debtors are considered to be low, an expected credit loss of 10% of the long outstanding amount has been raised, given the period that it has been outstanding.
- R5.3m of outstanding premium that is normally settled on completion of certain work by the insured. The amount is deemed to be fully recoverable and the credit risk and risk of default for these debtors are considered to be low as outstanding amounts have historically been settled after completion of the work; and

## ECL rate: 0 - 12 months

An assessment of the ECL was performed for individual significant debtors using a provision matrix over the remainder  of  the  debtors.  This  assessment  resulted  in  an  allowance  of  less  than  R1  million,  which  is considered immaterial and therefore no additional allowance was raised.

The carrying amounts as disclosed above are shown net of impairment.

The due date for receivables due from contract holders or intermediaries who collect premiums on the insurers'  behalf,  is  by  way  of  an  agreement  with  the  contract  holders  or  intermediaries.  In  terms  of  the agreement, payment is due by no later than fifteen days after the end of the month in which premiums are collected, in accordance with Insurance Legislation.

Please refer to notes 18, 21 and 22 for further details relating to the ECL and credit risk management on various Group and Company loans.

## 49.5 Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset.

Management monitors this risk on a daily basis through a review of available cash resources and expected and possible future commitments.

The following maturity analysis provides details on expected settlement of financial liabilities recognised at reporting date:

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.5 Liquidity risk (continued)

| Within 1  year  2 to 5  years  More  than 5  years  Total  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  49.5.1  GROUP  2022  Lease liabilities, including finance charges component  14 163  56 332  -  70 495  Insurance liabilities and policyholder liabilities under  insurance contracts  783 947  1 858  12 573  798 378  Insurance, trade and other payables  752 184  -  -  752 184  1 550 294  58 190  12 573  1 621 057  2021  Lease liabilities, including finance charges component  14 840  53 785  9 780  78 405  Insurance liabilities and policyholder liabilities under  insurance contracts  650 089  1 741  11 756  663 586  Insurance, trade and other receivables  647 080  -  -  647 080  1 312 009  55 526  21 536  1 389 071  49.5.1  COMPANY  2022  Interest-bearing borrowings  3 792  -  -  3 792  Advances payable  37 392  -  -  37 392  Trade and other payables  1 275  -  -  1 275  42 459  -  -  42 459  2021  Interest-bearing borrowings  3 707  -  -  3 707  Advances payable  20 447  -  -  20 447  Trade and other payables  1 069  -  -  1 069  25 223  -  -  25 223   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 49.6 Insurance risk

The insurance division has a risk management function and a portfolio management function that manage and continuously monitor and report the risks relating to the Group's insurance operations to the division's Risk and Compliance Committee and to management.

## 49.6.1 Types of insurance policies

The  Group  writes  both  short-term  and  long-term  insurance  business.  The  long-term  business consists mainly of funeral cover, comprising both individual business and group schemes. Several lines of short-term business are written, providing cover to individuals and insuring business risks. The main short-term lines of business are as follows:

## Guarantee:

The  insurer  assumes  obligations  in  the  event  that  a  specified  party  fails  to  discharge  certain specified obligations, financial or otherwise.

## Liability:

The  insurer  assumes  obligations  for  liabilities  incurred  by  the  insured  which  are  not  more specifically defined in the contract.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.6 Insurance risk (continued)

## Medical malpractice (also reflected as Liability):

The insurer assumes obligations linked to the occurrence of certain health events or on death or disability of the patient of the insured resulting from certain medical malpractice incidents.

## Motor:

The insurer assumes obligations for damage to or theft of the insured vehicle and for damage caused by the vehicle to third party property or other legal liability arising from the use or ownership of  the  vehicle.  This  class  of  business  encompasses  light  vehicles  used  for  both  personal  and commercial purposes as well as heavy commercial vehicles.

## Accident and Health:

The insurer assumes obligations linked to the occurrence of certain health events and on death or disability of the insured resulting from the occurrence of certain personal accidents.

## Aviation:

The insurer assumes obligations for damage to or loss of the aircraft of the insured or other liability arising from ownership of the aircraft.

## Property:

The insurer assumes obligations arising from damage to or loss of property of the insured or other liability arising from the ownership of the property.

## 49.6.2 Concentration of insurance risk

The  Group  limits  its  exposure  to  any  one  risk  through  a  reinsurance  strategy  combining  both proportional and non-proportional elements.

The insurance division has no specific concentration of insurance risk by policy type or geographic area, except for liabilities that would arise in the event of a natural disaster. The Group mitigates such risk through reinsurance catastrophe cover.

Using gross earned premium as an indicator, the table below illustrates the division's distribution of risks underwritten across the classes of business:

| 2022*  2021  Gross premium written per class of business  R'000  R'000  Short term  Accident and Health  1 159 126  1 073 880  Aviation  79 400  68 821  Guarantee  42 602  45 696  Liability  240 963  215 759  Motor  279 142  360 337  Property  101 243  116 559  Transport  3 842  4 326  Miscellaneous (including legal expenses, retrenchment cover)  58 315  15 682  Long term  45 886  48 186  2 110 519  1 949 246   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Estimate, as actuals are not available for the 2022 financial year

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.6 Insurance risk (continued)

## 49.6.3 Management of insurance risk

The acceptance of insurance risk is the core activity of the insurance division. As a result the risk management  approach  is  to  ensure  that  risks  are  within  acceptable  limits  rather  than  totally nullified. The principal risk is that the frequency or severity of claims are greater than expected or that premiums have not been correctly rated for the level of risk adopted.

The  underwriting  results  of  each  underwriting  manager  or  scheme  and  of  each  risk  class  are monitored  on  a  regular  basis  by  the  portfolio  management  function  and  management  and corrective measures are actioned where applicable. This can include the review of underwriting manager  procedures  for  the  acceptance  of  new  business,  rating  procedures  and  claims administration,  the  re-rating  of  existing  business,  where  applicable,  or  the  cancellation  of contracts with underwriting managers or policyholders when justified. There are clearly defined limits within which business may be written.

The Group has a programme for the regular internal audit of underwriting activities to  identify potential risk areas proactively.

Underwriting  risk  is  further  mitigated  by  a  clear  reinsurance  policy  that  incorporates  both proportional and non-proportional reinsurance programs which are reviewed and monitored by management by individual lines of business. As part of the Group's risk management regime, it annually reviews its reinsurance program to ensure that an appropriate level of risk is retained in the Group.

The Group's short-term insurance risks are spread across various geographical areas and amongst various  lines  of  business,  both  personal  and  commercial,  including  guarantee,  liability,  motor, accident and health, and property cover. In respect of long-term policies, a reputable actuary is utilised to ensure that adequate premiums are being levied and that the Capital Adequacy Reserve is well covered by assets.

## 49.6.4 Key insurance risk

## Reinsurance credit risk

There is a risk that a reinsurer does not perform in accordance with the reinsurance contract. The risk is limited as risk premiums are paid quarterly to reinsurers and claims can be offset against risk premiums.

The risk  is  mitigated  by  the  choice  of  reinsurers.  The  Group  currently  deals  with  the  following reputable reinsurers:

- African Reinsurance Corporation (SA) Limited;
- Arch Reinsurance Corporation Limited;
- Aspen Syndicate;
- Beazley Syndicate;
- Canopius Syndicate;
- Coverys Syndicate;
- Dale Syndicate;
- Echo Reinsurance Limited;
- Everest Reinsurance Limited;
- General Reinsurance Africa Limited;
- GIC Re South Africa Limited;
- Hannover Re Group Africa Limited;
- Hannover Rück SE (Societas Europaea);
- Itoo Special Risks Proprietary Limited;
- Liberty Mutual Surety;
- Munich Reinsurance Company of Africa Limited;

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.6 Insurance risk (continued)

- N.V. Nationale Borg Maatchappij;
- One Re Limited;
- PartnerRe Limited;
- R&amp;V Versicherung AG;
- SCOR SE (Societas Eurpaea); and
- Swiss Re Corporate Solutions Limited

## Claims risk

Claims risk is the risk that the Group may pay claims not legitimately incurred. The legitimacy of claims is verified by internal, financial and operating controls that are designed to contain and monitor claims, including reviews of individual claims by the claims centre and claims forum, where required. Claims costs are further mitigated by the activities of salvages and recoveries and claims procurement department.

## Lapse risk

Lapse risk relates to the risk of financial loss due to negative lapse experience, particularly as it impacts the actuarially assessed policyholder liabilities. Lapse experience is monitored to ensure that negative experience is timeously identified, and corrective action taken.

## Expense risk

Expense risk is the risk of loss due to actual expense experience being worse than that assumed in  premium  rates  and  actuarially  calculated  policy  liabilities.  Expenses  are  continuously monitored and managed through the Group's budgeting and financial reporting processes.

## Pricing and Underwriting risk

Pricing  and  Underwriting  risks  are  the  risks  that  inappropriate  business  is  accepted  or  that business is not correctly priced relative to the level of risk assumed. These risks are mitigated by an ongoing review of underwriting activities, claims experience and financial performance, as well as periodic reviews of product rating by the Group's actuarial resource.

## 49.7 Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are:

- to  safeguard the Group's ability as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders; and
- to maintain an optimal capital structure that balances the required returns on shareholders' capital with the risks associated with the entity's business.

The capital structure of the Group consists of invested share capital, retained earnings and non-controlling shareholders' interest as disclosed on the Group's statement of financial position.

In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders,  return  capital  to  shareholders,  raise  additional  capital  from  shareholders,  sell  assets  to reduce debt or review the quantum of risk carried by the Group by passing on risk to reinsurers through proportional reinsurance structures.

The Group's insurance businesses are required by law to maintain a minimum level of solvency in terms of the Insurance Act, no. 18 of 2017 and submit returns on a quarterly and annual basis to the Prudential Authority ("PA"). Solvency for this purpose is calculated in terms of the Act.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.7 Capital risk management (continued)

The Prudential Authority, which governs South African assurance companies, came into effect on 1 July 2018, following the promulgation of the Insurance Act No 18 of 2017. This also brought about the Financial Soundness Standards which governs all insurers. These Financial Soundness Standards necessitated a change  to  insurers'  capital  requirement  calculation  by  introducing  the  Solvency  Assessment  and Management ("SAM") regime as the industry  standard  for  measuring  an  insurance  company's  solvency capital  requirements.  The  key  measures  of  capital  adequacy  under  SAM  are  the  Minimum  Capital Requirement ("MCR") ratio and the Solvency Capital Requirement ("SCR") ratio.

The MCR refers to the absolute minimum level of eligible own funds that an insurer must hold to protect all its policyholders and the prescribed minimum MCR ratio is 1.00.

The SCR on the other hand refers to the level of eligible own funds that an insurer must hold to ensure that the value of its assets will exceed the technical provisions and other liabilities at a 99.50% confidence level over a one-year time horizon. The SCR model therefore requires an additional surplus of assets (buffer) above liabilities to take account of potential adverse outcomes of both the inherent risk of underwritten portfolios and the future cost of claims of these portfolios. The prescribed minimum SCR ratio is 1.00.

Should an insurer not have a sufficient buffer in place (MCR or SCR below 1.00), the PA has various rights of response and intervention, commencing with closer supervision of the insurer.

Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital in its insurance businesses by utilising the SCR and MCR ratios, together with the International Solvency Ratio ("ISR"). Over the medium to long term the Group targets:

- an  ISR  of  in  excess  of  45%  and  MCR  and  SCR  ratios  in  excess  of  1.20  for  its  short-term  insurance business; and
- MCR and SCR ratios of 1.50 for its long-term insurance businesses.

The ISR is calculated as the short-term insurer's net assets divided by net written premium, while the MCR and SCR ratios are calculated as the insurer's statutory net assets divided by the relevant capital adequacy requirement as calculated in terms of SAM.

Constantia  Insurance  Company  Limited's  ("CICL")  liquidation  shortly  after  the  year-end  (refer  note  53: Subsequent Events for further detail), together with the direct and indirect impact of the liquidation on a number  of  group  assets,  and  the  CICL  Liquidator's  decision  not  to  provide  audited  annual  financial statements for CICL for the 2022 financial year, made it impossible to determine what a fair ISR, MCR and SCR for CICL would have been as at the year-end.

The negative impact of CICL's liquidation on some of the unlisted investments held by Constantia Life and Health Assurance Company Limited ("CLAH"), resulted in CLAH's MCR and SCR ratios falling below the statutory minimum at 0.50 (2021: 1.99) and 0.56 (2021: 1.07), respectively. The MCR and SCR ratios of Constantia Life Limited ("CLL") were 0.45 and 2.09, respectively.

## MCR and SCR below regulatory requirements

CLAH's MCR and SCR ratios of 0.50 and 0.56, respectively, was primarily the result of unrealised losses on its  unlisted  investment  portfolio,  brought  about  by  CICL's  liquidation,  with  preliminary  numbers  before CICL's liquidation reflecting an MCR ratio of 2.20 and an SCR ratio of 1.27.

CLL's MCR ratio of 0.45 was primarily the result of unrealised losses in the listed equity portfolio and the higher reserving on the policyholder liabilities, both during the prior financial year. A section 50 transfer, which was initiated in order to remedy the situation, was indefinitely put on hold due to the CICL liquidation.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.7 Capital risk management (continued)

Given that CLL's MCR ratio of 0.45 and CLAH's MCR and SCR ratios of 0.50 and 0.56, respectively, as at 30 June 2022 were below the PA's prescribed minimum of 1.00, both insurers have entered into ongoing correspondence with the PA, detailing various action plans to restore the respective companies' SCR and MCR to levels above 1.00 and to add an additional safety margin.

The correspondence with the PA included various action plans to restore the SCR and MCR above 1.00 and to add an additional safety margin. These plans include, but are not limited to:

- Continued intervention to improve the cash generative ability of each company, including the sale of equities in the short term, underwriting and operational interventions and improved risk management processes;
- Increased and improved efforts in cost reduction and maintenance, where possible;
- The introduction of new  equity in CLAH  (when  the  shortfall  in  CLAH  became  apparent  in September 2022, additional capital was introduced, which increased the SCR ratio to 1.85 and the MCR ratio  to  2.05,  on  a  pro  forma  basis)  and  CLL  (additional  capital  was  introduced  to  the  company  in September 2023, which increased the SCR ratio to 1.52 and the MCR ratio to 1.31 at the time); and
- The possible sale of the companies to third party shareholders that would be able to recapitalise the businesses (a SENS announcement released on 11 July 2023 confirmed the sale of CLAH with effect from 3 July 2023, whereas a SENS announcement on 24 May 2023 announced the sale of CLL and CRIH, its holding company, subject to certain conditions still to be met ["Disposal of CRIH and CLL"]).

Shareholders have subsequently been informed by way of SENS announcements of the extensions to the date of fulfilment of the conditions to the Disposal of CRIH and CLL (refer to note 53: Subsequent Events for further detail). Further SENS announcements relevant to this transaction will be made available, as and when appropriate.

It  should however be noted that, notwithstanding the substantive remediation efforts already underway, should the planned initiatives not be successful, CLL's SCR and MCR may not be restored to a minimum level of 1.00 in the short term.

## 49.8 Impact of COVID-19

Since  February  2020  the  government  implemented  strict  measures  to  control  the  COVID-19  pandemic, straining an already weak economy and resulting in a significant decrease in economic activity that is slow to  recover.  The  persistent  uncertainty  as  to  the  eventual  extent  and  impact  of  COVID-19  resulted  in significant volatility in equity, interest rate and currency markets thereby impacting the Group results for the 2021 financial year. The areas most significantly impacted are further discussed below.

## Gross premium earned

There was limited growth in gross premium earned in the current year compared to the prior year as a result of the cancellation of a number of non-performing books and a decrease in the growth of new business, compounded by the impact of Covid-19. This was coupled with the premium relief provided to insured clients to ease the financial pressure experienced over this period.

## Underwriting result

Introduced in the prior year, deliberate remedial interventions implemented across each segment of the insurance  group  achieved  the  objective  of  mitigating  exposure.  These  interventions  included  improved controls and enforced discipline in underwriting processes. It is evident from the improved underwriting result compared to the prior year, that the remedial action undertaken resulted in the stabilisation of the books and continues to contribute to the sustained turnaround of the insurance business.

The strict lockdown measures implemented due to COVID-19, resulted in a further positive impact on the claims experience, with fewer claims being reported over this period. As the measures were relaxed, the claims frequency started to normalise however at a lower rate compared to the prior year.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 49.   RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## 49.8 Impact of COVID-19 (continued)

## Contingent Business Interruption ('CBI') exposure

The Group's Contingent Business Interruption (CBI) exposure, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, is limited as a result of the specific policy wording relating to the CBI extension for contagious and infectious diseases.

This type of cover is generally considered to be perils based, in that a peril has to occur, causing damage to insured property before the policy can respond. In this instance, and for example, business operations must be interrupted as a result of or as a consequence of physical damage caused by one of the perils listed under the fire section of the insurance policy occurring at the premises and be directly attributable to a localised infection (COVID-19) in order for it to be covered. COVID-19 or any other pandemic would foreseeably not cause such damage to property in the manner as listed under the Fire section of the policy. This view is shared  by  both  the  Financial  Sector  Conduct  Authority  ("FSCA")  and  the  majority  of  the  reinsurers  in response to the industry's COVID-19 CBI claims. It is critical to note the treaties with the Group's reinsurers only cover those claims covered in terms of our policies. To lodge a claim with our reinsurance partners under an alternative interpretation of the policy wording to our own, would result in the interpretation being definitively decided upon in the South African judicial system.

## Investment result

The listed equity portfolio (refer note 23) contributes a significant amount to the capital of the Group. The market value of the portfolio was adversely impacted by the downturn in the financial markets resulting from COVID-19 and deteriorating economic conditions that are slow to recover.

During the current period, R138.86 million (2021: R138.86 million) in net investment losses was reported on the listed equities portfolio (excluding treasury stock).

## 50. DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN SHARES

| Direct  Indirect  Total  30 June 2022  Chou, Leo *  73 157 606  55 188 565  128 346 171  Lubega, Melvyn  838 720  -  838 720  Maizey, Adrian**  955 095  6 189 910  7 145 005  Napier, Ronald  -  -  -  Riskowitz, Sean**  8 393 722  9 712 695  18 106 417  Siyotula, Nonzukiso  -  -  -  Yan, Bianca  22 339  -  22 339  83 367 482  71 091 170  154 458 652   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*     During April 2022 and May 2022 Mr Leo Chou's indirect beneficial interest in Conduit reduced by 609,897 shares.

**   In addition to their personal direct or indirect beneficial interest in Conduit Capital shares, Messrs Sean Riskowitz and Adrian Maizey control Protea Asset Management ('Protea') and Riskowitz Capital Management ('RCM'). Protea is the Investment Advisor, and RCM is the General Partner, to Ithuba Investments LP and Riskowitz Value Fund LP, both investment partnerships which directly own Conduit Capital shares.  Through Protea and RCM, Messrs Riskowitz and Maizey control an additional 221 139 662 Conduit Capital shares.

There were no movements in any of the above shareholdings between the year-end and the earlier of the date on which an individual might have resigned as a director, or the date of this report.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 50. DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN SHARES (continued)

| Direct  Indirect  Total  30 June 2021  Chou, Leo  73 157 606  55 798 462  128 956 068  Lubega, Melvyn  838 720  -  838 720  Maizey, Adrian*  955 095  6 189 910  7 145 005  Napier, Ronald  -  -  -  Riskowitz, Sean*  8 393 722  9 712 695  18 106 417  Siyotula, Nonzukiso  -  -  -  Yan, Bianca  22 339  -  22 339  83 367 482  71 701 067  155 068 549   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 51. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Company and its subsidiaries, in the ordinary course of business, entered into various transactions with related parties, as detailed below:

## 51.1 Shareholders

The principal shareholders of the Company are detailed in the section dealing with shareholder information. There were no dealings with the Company's principal shareholders, other than those who are also directors of the Company. These dealings are disclosed in note 51.3.

## 51.2 Companies within the group

## 51.2.1 Subsidiaries

Details of investments in and loans and advances to/from subsidiary companies are disclosed in notes 48.2 and 48.3. Additional information about the impact that these balances have on the Group  and  the  Company's  Financial  Statements  are  disclosed  in  note  22.  Details  of  trading transactions with subsidiary companies and outstanding balances are reflected in note 51.4.1.

## 51.2.2 Associates

Details of investments in associate companies are disclosed in note 48.1.

Details of trading transactions with associate companies are reflected in notes 20 and 51.4.2.

## 51.3 Directors and key management

## 51.3.1 Dealings in capacity as a director of the company

The  directors'  report  and  the  notes  to  the  Financial  Statements  disclose  details  relating  to directors' emoluments (note 42) and shareholdings in the Company (note 50).

## 51.3.2 Companies transacted with and controlled by a director or a director of a major subsidiary

Mr Sean Riskowitz controls and manages:

- Ithuba Investments LP;
- Protea Asset Management LLC;
- Riskowitz Capital Management LLC; and
- Riskowitz Value Fund LP;

(together "the Riskowitz Group").

Mr Adrian Maizey also perform duties for, and is compensated for performing those duties, by the Riskowitz Group. Mr. Maizey has an interest in the Riskowitz Group.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 51.   RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## 51.3 Directors and key management (continued)

## 51.3.3 Dealings in capacities other than as a director of the company

During the year ended 30 June 2022 the Group has had no dealings with directors other than in their capacity as directors.

## 51.4 Trading transactions and outstanding balances other than loan balances and advances

| GROUP  COMPANY  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  30 June  2022  30 June  2021  R'000  R'000  R'000  R'000  51.4.1  Subsidiaries  IMR Share Trust  - Interest paid  -  -  (86)  (71)  51.4.2  Associates  Mobility Insurance Underwriting Managers  Proprietary Limited  - Interest paid  272  195  -  -  - Management fees paid  (13 525)  (10 720)  -  -  - Balance due by  313  338  -  -  Oraclemed Health Investments Proprietary  Limited  - Management fees and profit commission paid  (32 229)  -  -  -  - Balance due by  (53 303)  -  -  -  Rikatec Proprietary Limited  - Interest received  1 815  1 555  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 52. GOING CONCERN

The Board assesses the going concern status of each legal entity in the Group on an annual basis, with the assessment involving making a judgement, at a particular point in time, about the future outcome of events or conditions which are  inherently  uncertain. The  assessment  is  further  complicated  by  the  post  year-end  liquidation  of  Constantia Insurance Company Limited ('CICL'), the Group's largest subsidiary that historically contributed in excess of 95% of Group revenue and in excess of 85% of total Group assets (refer note 53: Subsequent Events for further details).

Despite the difficulties highlighted above, the directors believe that the Group and Company have adequate financial resources to continue in operation for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the annual financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

## Group and company liquidity position

1. The Group reflects a Net Asset Value ('NAV') of negative R299.7 million, down R317.0 million from a positive R17.3 million in the prior year. The main reason for the reduction is due to the non-cash flow impairment of a number of assets (the majority hereof linked to the demise of CICL after the year-end), as follows:

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 52.   GOING CONCERN (continued)

| R'000  a. Listed and unlisted investments, properties  90 897  b. Subsidiaries and associates  44 356  c. Deferred tax  109 421  d. Goodwill  45 440  e. Computer software  8 529  f. Property, plant and equipment  1 822  300 465   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group is therefore technically insolvent, although the technical insolvency is only due to the impairment of non-operating assets with no impact on operating cash flows.

It should be noted that CICL is responsible for the largest part of the Group's excess of total liabilities over total assets, i.e. should CICL's impact be excluded from the calculation (as would be the case after its liquidation), the Group NAV would change to a negative R46.7 million. This shortfall is the result of R156.8 million owing by the remainder of the Group to CICL. Other than for ~R2.6 million that must be settled by January 2025, no specific repayment dates have been established for these amounts owing, as they are all repayable either at the election of the borrower or by mutual consent.

2. The Company reflects a positive NAV of R81.0 million, backed by cash, investments in subsidiaries and loans to fellow group companies. The Company is thus solvent.
3. The Group and the Company's net current liabilities exceed current assets by R539.0 million and R4.2 million respectively, due to, amongst other:
- listed equity investments (Group: R83.2 million and Company: Nil);
- unlisted equity investments (Group: R23.4 million and Company: Nil);
- investments in associates (Group: R46.0 million and Company: Nil);
- an  Oraclemed  long-outstanding  premium  receivable  of  R33.4  million  being  reflected  under  non-current assets. The Oraclemed long-outstanding premium debtor is effectively funded by a similar-sized creditor, currently reflected under current liabilities, that would only become payable when the premium is received; and
- a R53.7 million receivable (in respect of monies paid to the Trustco Group while negotiations for the Herboths property acquisition were in progress, together with deposits made i.r.o. Constantia's property rentals) also being reflected under non-current assets due to the repayment date thereof being confirmed as after June 2024; and
- borrowings  and  advances  with  no  predetermined  repayment  dates  (Group:  R8.5  million  and  Company R41.2 million) being reflected as current liabilities, even though there is no intention or requirement to settle these liabilities in the short term.

It  should be noted that CICL is responsible for R596.0 million of the Group's excess of current liabilities over current  assets,  i.e.  should  CICL's  impact  be  excluded  from  the  calculation  (as  would  be  the  case  after  its liquidation), current assets of the remaining Group would actually exceed current liabilities by R56.9 million.

4. The Group and Company have positive cash reserves of R237.1 million and R37.8 million, respectively. With CICL and its subsidiaries being excluded from the calculation, the Group's cash changes to R77.5 million. A cash flow forecast for the next year indicates that this, together with the cash expected to be generated during the period, will be more than sufficient for the Group and the Company to settle all of its cash obligations during the next year. Cash generation initiatives would include the sale of assets, where required.
5. In terms of liquidity, although the Group and the Company reflect net current ratios of less than 1, the Group and Company have positive unencumbered cash reserves of R77.5 million and R37.8 million (as detailed in 4 above), respectively.  Overall  available  cash  balances  for  the  Group  and  Company  amount  to  R237.1  million  and R37.8 million, respectively (Group, excl. CICL: R77.5 million). Also refer to the cash flow forecast comment in paragraph 4 above.

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 52.   GOING CONCERN (continued)

6. To efficiently and effectively manage cash flows and reserves, creditor terms are noted and utilised in the monthly payment cycles. Should there be delays in payments, this is usually as a result of account queries.

Despite significant doubt being cast on the Group and the Company's ability to continue as going concerns due to the material uncertainty created by:

- the  curatorship  and  subsequent  liquidation  of  CICL  (the  Group's  largest  subsidiary)  with  effect  from 31 August 2022; and
- the excess of the Group and the Company's current liabilities over current assets as at the reporting date;

the Board believes that:

- the post-balance sheet events detailed in note 53: Subsequent Events;
- its comfort that the cash flow budgets that were presented can realistically be achieved; and
- the PA's approach to the CRIH, CLL and CLAH disposals;

will  provide  the  Group  and  the  Company  with  adequate  financial  resources  to  continue  in  operation  for  the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the annual financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The directors have satisfied themselves that the Group and the Company are both in a sound financial position and that both have access to sufficient cash and borrowing facilities to meet their foreseeable cash requirements. Other than those disclosed in this financial report, the directors are not aware of any material changes that may adversely impact the Group and the Company. The directors are unaware of any allegations that the Group or the Company is in breach of its statutory or regulatory obligations or of any pending changes to legislation which may affect the Group or the Company.

## 53. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

- On 26 July 2022 CICL, the Group's largest operating subsidiary, was placed under provisional curatorship. The conditions of the provisional curatorship, which included the suspension of its capacity to receive new business premiums, made it impossible for CICL to retain its clients, which in turn resulted in its reinsurers also terminating their reinsurance arrangements with the company. Given the enormous negative impact that the curatorship and the  terms  associated  therewith  ultimately  had  on  CICL,  the  company  was  placed  under  liquidation  on 14 September 2022, by order of the High Court on application by the PA. SENS announcements relating to CICL's liquidation  were  released  during  the  2022  calendar  year  and  can  be  found  on  the  Group's  website  at www.conduitcapital.co.za. With the liquidation of CICL, the Group ceased having full control over the affairs of CICL. As at the reporting date, CICL continues to be consolidated and forms part of the financial results. However, as  at  the  next  reporting  date  CICL  and  its  wholly  owned  subsidiaries  will  be  deconsolidated  from  the  Group results.
- On 1 September 2022 the Group disposed of its interests in:
- -Kulundleko Solutions Proprietary Limited trading as Repair Solutions (Nature of Business: Insurer and Motor Body Repairer Alignment - 58.6% effective interest); and
- -Corporate Specialist Investigations Proprietary Limited (Nature of Business: Claims Investigations - 46.8% effective interest);

for a total consideration of R1.00 (one Rand). The disposals were brought about by the demise of CICL, given that CICL was anticipated to be a core patron of these businesses going forward.

- On 23 September 2022 CRIH disposed of its rights to the "Ethiqal" trademark that was used in connection with the Medical Malpractice business, operated by CICL, for a total consideration of R5.2 million. The disposal was brought about by CICL's liquidation. The proceeds from the sale were used to partially repay some of the funds previously advanced by CICL to CRIH.
- In  December 2022 CRIH commenced arbitration proceedings against Trustco Property Holdings (Proprietary) Limited for the recovery of R50.0 million together with other relief arising from an alleged breach of contract. The arbitration concluded in April 2024 and in June 2024 judgment was awarded in favour of CRIH.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

## 53.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued)

- As per a SENS announcement released on 28 December 2022, CRIH entered into a share sale and purchase agreement with Affinity Financial Services Proprietary Limited ("Affinity"), an unrelated third party, to dispose of the entire issued share capital of its wholly-owned subsidiary, CLAH, for a consideration of R20.0 million with an effective  date  of  31  January  2023  or  such  later  date  as  may  be  agreed  in  writing  between  the  parties.  The transaction  was  subject  to  the  fulfilment  of  certain  suspensive  conditions,  including  the  approval  of  the transaction by the PA. As recorded in a further SENS announcement released on 11 July 2023, the effective date of the disposal became 3 July 2023. Affinity's stated objective is to introduce additional business and equity into CLAH. On 11 September 2023 CLAH changed its name to Affinity Life Limited.
- As per a SENS announcement released on 24 May 2023 (and updated by various subsequent announcements, the most recent of which was released at the end of June 2024), Copper Sunset Trading 186 Proprietary Limited entered into an agreement with TMM Holdings Proprietary Limited ("TMM"), an unrelated third party, to dispose of the entire issued share capital of CRIH and therefore its wholly-owned subsidiary, CLL, for a consideration of R55.0 million ('Purchase Price'). The transaction is subject to the fulfilment of certain suspensive conditions, including the approval of the transaction by the PA. On 3 June 2024 the PA notified CRIH that it has declined to approve the transaction and that, in terms of the Insurance Act and the Financial Sector Regulation Act, TMM has the right to appeal the decision. On 25 June 2025 shareholders were notified via SENS that:
- -TMM  is  engaging  with  the  PA  to  appeal  its  decision  to  decline  TMM's  application  as  it  relates  to  the transaction; and
- -the parties have entered into a further addendum to the Agreement to, inter alia , extend the date of fulfilment of the suspensive conditions to 31 January 2025 and to insert and vary certain clauses of the agreement to provide for certain of CLL's operating costs to be paid by TMM with effect from 1 July 2024 and to confirm that the aggregate of such costs paid by TMM will be deducted from the Purchase Price.
- On 29 June 2021 CRIH entered into a subscription agreement, subject to certain conditions, with OracleMed Health Group Holdings Proprietary Limited and OracleMed Health Investments Proprietary Limited ('OMHI') to acquire 75% of the shares in OMHI, in stages, for a consideration (the Subscription Consideration) that would be based  on  OMHI's  profitability  during  the  year  ended  31  August  2022.  OMHI  is  a  global  Medical  Insurance Underwriting  Manager  and  Administrator  that  provides  a  unique  range  of  International  Medical  Insurance products in Africa, then underwritten by CICL. OMHI further has access to a worldwide network of 3,200 hospitals and established partnerships with 7,000 health providers across Africa. This transaction had an effective date of 31 August 2021 with an initial allotment by OMHI of 30% of its shares for a prepayment of R42 million, with the remaining 45% to be allotted in exchange for the balance of the Subscription Consideration payable on or about 1 October 2022.

CICL  was  placed  under  administration  in  July  2022  and  wound  up  with  effect  from  31  August  2022.  CICL's capacity to receive new business premiums was also suspended. As a result hereof, CRIH was in breach of agreements with OMHI, was unable to raise the funds to pay the balance of the Subscription Consideration, and CICL was unable to pay OMHI the administration fees and underwriting profit to which it was entitled.

CRIH entered into agreements with OMHI in terms whereof, with effect from 1 October 2023 (1) OMHI would abandon its claims against CRIH, (2) CRIH purchased OMHI's claim against CICL for R100 000 and (3) OMHI bought back CRIH's shareholding in OMHI for R9 million.

- During June 2022 CICL elected to repay loans in the aggregate of R111.8 million owing by it to CRIH. CICL intended to give effect to this election by issuing shares to CRIH. Due to CICL being placed under curatorship and into liquidation the shares were never issued and the R111.8 million remains unpaid. In April 2024 CRIH lodged a claim against CICL's estate for the amount owed to it by CICL.
- Shareholders were advised in an announcement released on SENS on 4 April 2024 that  on  2 April 2024  the liquidators of CICL filed applications with the Western Cape High Court ('the Court') for orders to provisionally wind-up the Company  and  its wholly owned  subsidiary, Conduit Ventures Proprietary Limited ('the Applications').  Given  that  the  Applications  were  opposed,  the  Court  postponed  the  hearing  thereof  to 2 August 2024. On that date the Court dismissed the Applications with costs.

## SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

## SHAREHOLDER SPREAD

| Number of  shareholders  %  Number of  shares  %  1  -  1 000 shares  6 047  87.64  736 888  0.10  1 001  -  10 000 shares  564  8.17  1 784 846  0.23  10 001  -  100 000 shares  163  2.36  4 953 806  0.65  100 001  -  1 000 000 shares  77  1.12  25 488 407  3.33  1 000 001 shares and over  49  0.71  731 479 953  95.69  6 900  100.00  764 443 900  100.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS

| Number of  shareholders  %  Number of  shares  %  Close corporations  4  0.06  25 265 585  3.31  Individuals  6 712  97.27  189 928 478  24.05  Nominees and trusts  35  0.51  82 102 658  10.74  Other persons and corporations  109  1.58  332 649 336  43.52  Private companies  33  0.48  116 792 551  15.28  Public companies  6  0.09  23 685 290  3.10  Share trusts  1  0.01  20 002  -  6 900  100.00  764 443 900  100.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC/NON-PUBLIC SHAREHOLDERS

| Number of  shareholders  %  Number of  shares  %  Non-public shareholders  29  0.41  499 237 755  65.32  Directors' holdings  12  0.17  154 458 652  20.21  Associates' holdings  10  0.14  268 591 593  35.14  Own holdings  6  0.09  76 16 508  9.96  Share trust  1  0.01  20 002  0.01  Public shareholders  6 871  99.59  265 206 145  34.68  6 900  100.00  764 443 900  100.00   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REGISTERED SHAREHOLDERS, INCLUDING DIRECTORS AND THEIR ASSOCIATES, HOLDING 3% OR MORE

| Number of  shares  %  Pershing LLC  236 452 402  30.93  Chou Leo Chih Hao Mr  73 157 606  9.57  Citiclient Nominees No 8 NY GW  58 716 422  7.68  Snowball Wealth Proprietary Limited  41 000 000  5.36  Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC  33 973 318  4.44  Lollapalooza Proprietary Limited  33 494 038  4.38  Appias Proprietary Limited  28 913 857  3.78  Cindles Investments CC  25 265 000  3.31  530 972 643  69.45   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

CONDUIT CAPITAL LIMITED www.conduitcapital.co.za