<!-- image -->

## YUE DA INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED

## 悅 達國際控股有限公司

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) (Stock Code: 629)

<!-- image -->

2022 ANNUAL REPORT

## Contents

- 2 Corporate Information
- 3 Chairman's Statement
- 5 Management Discussion and Analysis
- 12 Corporate Governance Report
- 24 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
- 45 Biographical Details of Directors
- 48 Directors' Report
- 59 Independent Auditor's Report
- 64 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
- 65 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
- 67 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
- 68 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
- 70 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
- 128 Financial Summary

## Corporate Information

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS: Non-executive directors

Mr. Liu Debing

(Chairman of the Board)

Mr. Li Biao

Mr. Hu Huaimin

(Vice Chairman of the Board)

Mr. Yu Guangshan (appointed on 23rd May, 2022)

## Executive directors

Mr. Bai Zhaoxiang Mr. Pan Mingfeng Mr. Cai Baoxiang (resigned on 23rd May, 2022)

## Independent non-executive directors

Dr. Liu Yongping Mr. Cheung Ting Kee Ms. Qian Ying (appointed on 18th August, 2022) Mr. Cui Shuming (retired on 20th May, 2022)

## AUDIT COMMITTEE:

Mr. Cheung Ting Kee (Chairman)

Dr. Liu Yongping and Ms. Qian Ying

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:

Ms. Qian Ying (Chairman) Mr. Pan Mingfeng and Dr. Liu Yongping

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE:

Mr. Liu Debing (Chairman)

Dr. Liu Yongping and Ms. Qian Ying

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES:

Mr. Hu Huaimin

Mr. Bai Zhaoxiang

## COMPANY SECRETARY:

Mr. Cheng Man Hung FCPA, FCCA

## AUDITOR:

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors

## LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW:

Jun He Law Offices

## REGISTERED OFFICE:

Cricket Square Hutchins Drive P.O. Box 2681 Grand Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG:

Office nos. 3321-3323 and 3325 33/F, China Merchants Tower Shun Tak Centre No. 168-200 Connaught Road Central Sheung Wan Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE:

Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive P.O. Box 2681 Grand Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE:

Hong Kong Registrars Limited Shop 1712-1716, 17/F Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Wanchai, Hong Kong

## STOCK CODE:

00629 (Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited)

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS:

China Construction Bank Bank of Communication

## WEBSITE:

www.yueda.com.hk

On  behalf  of  the  board  ('Board')  of  directors  ('Directors')  of  Yue  Da  International  Holdings  Limited (the  'Company'),  I  am  pleased  to  present  to  the  shareholders  the  results  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries (the 'Group') for the year ended 31st December, 2022 (the 'Current Year').

## FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

Total revenue for the Current Year amounted to RMB102,618,000 which represented the revenue of the factoring operations and increased by 76% when compared with the year ended 31st December, 2021 (the  'Previous  Year').  Audited  profit  and  total  comprehensive  income  attributable  to  the  owners  of  the Company for the Current Year amounted to RMB30,543,000 (the Previous Year: RMB15,114,000) and basic earnings per share for the Current Year amounted to RMB2.61 cents (the Previous Year: RMB1.29 cents).

## BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

During the Current Year, the Group was principally engaged in factoring related business (the 'Factoring Operations'), which offers factoring services, accounts receivable management and collection services and accounts receivable consultancy services.

## Traditional Factoring

As at 31st December, 2022, the gross financing receivables has increased by 32.1% as compared to 31st December, 2021. The overall revenue dropped by 27.0%.

## Communications Factoring

As at 31st December, 2022, under Communications Factoring business, outstanding principal financing receivables  amounted  to  RMB403,658,000  (2021:  RMB391,998,000).  The  Group  has  commenced communications  factoring  services  with  three  leading  communications  operation  providers  in  the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC'). The Communications Factoring business has the nature of large number of customers with small size of loan amounts per each customer. It is positioned as the main source of growth of the business growth in the foreseeable future.

## PROSPECTS

Looking  forward  to  2023,  the  Group  will  focus  on  the  factoring  business  in  the  future.  After  the pandemic  crisis,  the  recovery  of  the  world  economy  is  likely  to  be  slow  which  will  remain  a  great challenge  to  the  economy  and  our  operations  in  2023.  As  at  the  date  of  this  report,  we  have  not experienced  any  significant  default  in  repayment  of  principal,  interest  and  fee  income  from  our customers. We will remain on high alert about the impact of the possible slow recovery in rest of the world  on  our  operations  and  take  any  necessary  measures  to  mitigate  the  impact.  We  will  actively expand  the  customer  base  and  will  explore  business  opportunities  in  the  area  of  factoring  in  the communications  industry  and  business  opportunities  in  other  industry  with  potential  in  particular. The  Directors  endeavor  to  seek  more  business  opportunities  in  the  financial  industry  as  well  as  other industries  to  diversify  the  Group's  existing  business  stream  to  enhance  the  long-term  benefits  of  the Group and the shareholders as a whole.

## APPRECIATION

Finally,  I  would  like  to  take  this  opportunity  to  express  my  gratitude  to  the  Directors,  management personnel and all staff for their contributions to the development of the Group. Likewise, I would like to express  my  appreciation  to  the  shareholders  for  their  support.  The  Group  is  fully  committed  to  do  its best to bring higher returns to shareholders.

By order of the Board

## Liu Debing

Chairman

Hong Kong, 31st March, 2023

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

The Factoring Operations of Group recorded an operating revenue of RMB102,618,000 for the Current Year  which  is  approximately  76.0%  higher  than  that  in  the  Previous  Year.  The  audited  profit  and  total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company increased from RMB15,114,000 for the Previous  Year  to  RMB30,543,000  for  the  Current  Year  and  basic  earnings  per  share  increased  from RMB1.29 cents for the Previous Year to RMB2.61 cents for the Current Year.

The  increase  in  profit  and  total  comprehensive  income  was  mainly  due  to  the  effect  of  increase  in income from Communications Factoring business.

## DIVIDENDS

The Board did not recommend the payment of any dividend for the Current Year (the Previous Year: Nil).

## BUSINESS REVIEW

## Overview

The Group is principally engaged in Factoring Operations. During the Current Year, Factoring Operations realised an operating revenue of RMB102,618,000.

## Factoring Operations

The Company will continue the Factoring Operations through Yueda (Shenzhen) Commercial Factoring Co.,  Ltd.,  ('Yueda  Commercial  Factoring',  a  company  established  in  the  PRC  and  a  subsidiary  of  the Company, which principal business is, among other things, commercial factoring).

The following table summarises the operating performance of Factoring Operations of the Group:

| Business  Gross financing  receivables as at  31st December,  Interest income  Service income  Management fee  income  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Traditional Factoring  380,801  288,293  21,880  29,728  -  -  5,003  7,122  Communications Factoring  403,658  391,998  -  -  75,735  21,442  -  -  784,459  680,291  21,880  29,728  75,735  21,442  5,003  7,122   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total average rate of return for the Current Year is 14.01% (the Previous Year: 9.66%).

## Traditional Factoring

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  under  Traditional  Factoring  business,  total  principal  financing  receivables amounted to approximately RMB380,801,000 (2021: RMB288,293,000), and recorded interest income and  management  fee  income  of  approximately  RMB21,880,000  (the  Previous  Year:  RMB29,728,000) and RMB5,003,000 (the Previous Year: RMB7,122,000) respectively during the Current Year.

Being  a  state-owned  enterprise  in  Jiangsu  province,  the  Group  mainly  sourced  its  customers  from contacts  of  its  existing  business  network  within  the  Yangtze  River  Delta  Region.  The  business development department of the Group takes the main role in customer sourcing and coverage. Most of the  customers  of  the  Group's  Traditional  Factoring  business  consist  of  sizable  companies,  particularly state-owned enterprises, which are relatively stable and financially more resilient than other entities.

The  Group  adopts  an  organisation  structure  that  is  commonly  used  by  banking  institutions  and other  factoring  services  providers  -  general  manager  office,  financing  team,  risk  management department  team,  business  development  team,  product  development  team  and  administration.  As  at 31st  December,  2022,  the  Factoring  Operations  has  approximately  16  employees  and  is  led  by  an experienced management team, including:

- Mr.  Pan  Mingfeng,  being  an  executive  director  of  the  Company,  and  the  general  manager  of Yueda Commercial Factoring, has more than 11 years' experience in marketing, risk  control  and management, and has previously worked for several renowned enterprises in the financial sector in the PRC. He is responsible for leading the promotion of several innovative factoring projects of Yueda Commercial Factoring, including the Communications Factoring.
- Ms. Gao Ying being the chief risk officer of Yueda Commercial Factoring, has 7 years of experience in the risk management industry. She is a holder of a Ph.D. in financial engineering at the Graduate School of  Management of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. During her studies, she has taken part in various research topics such as those related to the causes of the US financial crisis and its impact on the Chinese economy, and the corresponding countermeasures. She is responsible for risk management in Yueda Commercial Factoring.

Yueda Commercial Factoring conducts its factoring business in the PRC within the scope of its business license.  Yueda  Commercial  Factoring  (as  the  factor)  provides  accounts  receivable  management  and collection  services  to  its  customers  (as  seller)  in  return  for  contractual  interest  and  management  fee income  payments  with  comprehensive  rates  of  return  ranging  from  approximately  8.3%  to  10.0%, composed of interest  rate  per  annum  (approximately  6.9%  to  10.0%),  and  factoring  management  fee income per annum (approximately 1.0% to 2.0%).

Similar  to  other  factoring  services  providers  in  the  PRC,  the  Group  maintains  rigorous  risk  control measures  to  reduce  risks  associated  with  the  Factoring  Operations.  To  minimise  risk  exposure  in factoring business, the Group intends to focus on providing factoring services to customers with sound financial  position  and  reputable  shareholders,  in  particular,  state-owned  listed  entities  with  stable cashflow and relatively stable financial position.

Prior  to  the  provision  of  factoring  services  and  approval  of  the  grant  of  revolving  loan  credit  facilities to  its  factorees,  the  factoring  business  team  will  conduct  due  diligence  on  the  customer  and  the  risk compliance department will perform a risk assessment on the proposed transaction. The due diligence report  and  risk  assessment  report  together  with  the  business  application  form  approved  by,  among others,  the  heads  of  factoring  business  department  and  risk  compliance  department  and  the  General Manager, will  be  submitted  to  the  Review  Committee  of  Yueda  Commercial  Factoring,  comprising  five members including the Chairman, the directors and the chief risk officer of Yueda Commercial Factoring, for  approval.  No  factoring  contracts  will  be  prepared  unless  approvals  from  the  Review  Committee  of Yueda  Commercial  Factoring  is  obtained.  The  release  of  the  factoring  loan  shall  be  approved  by  the head of factoring business department, the Financial Controller, the General Manager and the Chairman of Yueda Commercial Factoring.

## Communications Factoring

As at 31st December, 2022, under Communications Factoring business, outstanding principal financing receivables  amounted  to  approximately  RMB403,658,000  (2021:  RMB391,998,000),  and  recorded service  of  fee  income  of  approximately  RMB75,735,000  during  the  Current  Year  (the  Previous  Year: RMB21,442,000).

Under  the  Communications  Factoring  business,  the  Group  would  provide  factoring  services  to  the franchised store suppliers of the suppliers of communications operation ('Suppliers') and the Suppliers will  transfer  their  accounts  receivable  ('Accounts  Receivable')  which  will  arise  when  the  Suppliers' customers  ('End  Customers')  purchase  mobile  phones  and/or  other  products  from  the  Suppliers  to the Group. By utilising the factoring services of the Group, the End Customers may pay for the mobile phones and/or other products by instalments.

The  Group  has  cooperated  with  and  conducted  the  Communications  Factoring  business  through  the payment clearing and settlement platform ('Payment Platform') of some third-party payment institutions licensed  in  the  PRC  to  offer  a  payment  clearing  and  settlement  platform.  To  the  best  knowledge  of the  Company,  these  third-party  payment  institutions  are  the  group  member  of  the  communications operation  services  providers  in  the  PRC.  As  a  result,  there  are  a  number  of  Suppliers  maintaining  a settlement account at the Payment Platform and the End Customers can make payment to the Group through  the  Payment  Platform.  By  cooperating  with  third-party  payment  institutions,  the  Group  can on a mass scale reach out to and seek business opportunities with the Suppliers who are in need of factoring services.

Further,  in  view  of  the  potentially  large  number  of  End  Customers  and  the  potentially  huge  amount  of workload in credit assessment of these End Customers as the debtors of the Accounts Receivable, the Group has co-operated with some professional technology service companies, to provide risk screening services  in  relation  to  the  creditability  of  the  Suppliers'  customers  and  the  quality  of  the  Accounts Receivable and other related technical services.

7

Factoring financing loss will be borne partly or wholly by technology service companies, depending on the detailed arrangement with each individual technology service company. Based on this arrangement, there will be incentive for these technology service companies to assess credit risk carefully to reduce the occurrence of overdue Accounts Receivables and collect the overdue Accounts Receivables.

Regarding the Group's business plan, besides the further development in the existing factoring financial services,  accounts  receivable  management  and  accounts  receivable  collection  services,  the  Group will  implement  further  development  within  Factoring  Operations,  namely  (i)  existing  factoring  financial services, (ii) communications factoring, and (iii) exploring potential investment opportunities.

## Existing factoring financial services:

The Group believes that, being a stated-owned enterprise, having state-owned enterprises as its major customers will provide certain level of risk control on recovery and quality control on collaterals. In view of  that,  the  Group  intends  to  continue  to  utilise  its  network  of  state-owned  enterprises  in  the  PRC  to expand its factoring business.

The Group has identified several potential new customers for its traditional factoring business. Due to slowdown of economy of China, due diligence on potential new customers was more stringent in order to improve the overall quality of customer base.

## Communications factoring:

The  Group  has  established  cooperation  arrangements  with  three  leading  communications  operation providers in the PRC in respect of the provision of communications factoring services. The income rate of the communications factoring services is higher than that of traditional factoring.

## Exploring potential investment opportunities:

As  at  the  date  hereof,  the  Group  is  exploring  potential  investment  opportunities  which  can  further supplement and diversify the existing business of the Group. The Group is still exploring and does not identify any potential target, and no definitive agreement has been entered into in relation thereto.

## Funding requirements:

The  Group  will  continue  to  utilise  its  internal  resources,  bank  loans  and  other  borrowings  to  develop the  Factoring  Operations.  On  top  of  the  existing  banking  facilities,  several  banking  facilities  are  being negotiated.  The  Group  will  continue  to  consider  the  possibilities  of  using  asset-backed  financing arrangement in the future as another funding alternative.

## Prospects

Looking  forward  to  2023,  the  Group  will  focus  on  the  factoring  business  in  the  future.  After  the pandemic  crisis,  the  recovery  of  the  world  economy  is  likely  to  be  slow  which  will  remain  a  great challenge  to  the  economy  and  our  operations  in  2023.  As  at  the  date  of  this  report,  we  have  not experienced  any  significant  default  in  repayment  of  principal,  interest  and  fee  income  from  our customers. We will remain on high alert about the impact of the possible slow recovery in rest of the world  on  our  operations  and  take  any  necessary  measures  to  mitigate  the  impact.  We  will  actively expand  the  customer  base  and  will  explore  business  opportunities  in  the  area  of  factoring  in  the communications  industry  and  business  opportunities  in  other  industry  with  potential  in  particular. The  Directors  endeavor  to  seek  more  business  opportunities  in  the  financial  industry  as  well  as  other industries  to  diversify  the  Group's  existing  business  stream  to  enhance  the  long-term  benefits  of  the Group and the shareholders as a whole.

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The register of members of the Company will be closed from 16th May, 2023 to 19th May, 2023, both days  inclusive,  during  which  period  no  transfer  of  shares  in  the  Company  will  be  registered.  In  order to  determine  the  identity  of  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  who  are  entitled  to  attend  and  vote  at the  annual  general  meeting  (the  'AGM')  of  the  Company  to  be  held  on  19th  May,  2023,  all  transfer of  shares  in  the  Company  accompanied  by  the  relevant  share  certificates  must  be  lodged  with  the Company's branch shares registrar in Hong Kong, Hong Kong Registrars Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on 15th May, 2023.

Notice of the AGM will be published and despatched to the shareholders of the Company in the manner as  required  by  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  the  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong Limited ('Stock Exchange') ('Listing Rules') in due course.

## FINANCIAL POSITION

## Liquidity and Financial Resources

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  Group's  current  assets  were  RMB667,107,000  (2021: RMB505,165,000), of which RMB26,267,000 (2021: RMB24,454,000) were cash and cash equivalents. As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  net  asset  value  of  the  Group  amounted  to  RMB425,402,000, representing an increase of approximately 7.7% as compared to RMB394,859,000 in 2021. The gearing ratio (total liabilities/total assets) of the Group was approximately 53.0% (2021: 44.2%).

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  share  capital  of  the  Company  was  RMB105,965,000  (2021: RMB105,965,000). The Group's reserves were RMB319,437,000 (2021: RMB288,894,000). As at 31st December, 2022, the Group had total current liabilities of RMB396,354,000 (2021: RMB302,690,000), mainly  comprising  other  payables  and  liabilities,  amounts  due  to  related  parties,  bank  and  other borrowings  and  obligations  arising  from  asset-backed  financing  arrangements.  The  total  non-current liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB83,366,000 (2021: RMB10,194,000), which mainly represented obligations arising from asset-backed financing arrangements, lease liabilities and deferred tax liabilities.

## Capital structure of the Group

The capital structure of the Group consists of net debts, which include amounts due to related parties, bank and other borrowings, obligations arising from asset-backed financing arrangements, net of cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital and various reserves.

The Directors review the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this review, the Directors consider  the  cost  of  capital  and  the  risks  associated  with  each  class  of  capital.  Based  on  the recommendations of the Directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debts or the redemption of existing debts.

## Borrowings

During  the  Current  Year,  the  Group  entered  into  several  asset-backed  financing  arrangements  (the 'Financing  Arrangements'),  the  Financing  Arrangements  involved  establishment  of  special  purpose asset-backed  vehicles  through  issuing  agents  or  special  purpose  trust  administered  by  trustees.  The principal  activities  of  the  Group  are  provision  of  factoring  related  business.  The  proceeds  from  the entrance  into  the  Financing  Arrangements  are  principally  used  as  general  working  capital  of  factoring related  business  of  the  Group.  The  Board  believes  that  the  entrance  into  the  Financing  Arrangements can  widen  the  fund-raising  channels  of  the  Group  to  access  low-cost  capital,  which  in  turn  is  used to  improve  the  financing  structure  of  the  Group  and  promote  its  operating  activities  and  investments activities. The Directors are of the view that the terms of the entrance into the Financing Arrangements are fair and reasonable and are in the interests of the Company and the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  bank  and  other  borrowings  and  obligations  arising  from  asset-backed financing  arrangements  amounted  to  RMB90,000,000  (2021:  RMB50,000,000)  and  RMB280,529,000 (2021: nil) respectively. As at 31st December, 2022, bank and other borrowings and obligations arising from asset-backed financing arrangements are denominated in Renminbi.

Details of the bank and other borrowings and Financing Arrangements are set out in Notes 21 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

## FOREIGN CURRENCY EXPOSURE

The  Group's  monetary  assets,  liabilities  and  transactions  are  mainly  denominated  in  Renminbi  and Hong Kong dollars. During the Current Year, most of the transactions were denominated and settled in Renminbi. The Group was not engaged in any hedging by financial instruments in relation to exchange rate  risk.  However,  the  Group  will  closely  monitor  the  fluctuation  in  exchange  rate  and  will  take necessary measures to minimise the impact arising from adverse currency fluctuation.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND CHARGE ON THE GROUP'S ASSETS

The  Group's  credit  facilities  were  secured  by  the  Group's  factoring  receivables  of  RMB100,000,000 (2021:  RMB50,000,000)  in  aggregate  as  at  31st  December,  2022  and  the  Group  has  the  contractual obligations  to  transfer  the  cashflows  relating  to  the  Group's  communications  factoring  receivables  of RMB291,373,000 as at 31st December, 2022 (2021: nil) under asset-backed financing arrangements.

Apart  from  above,  the  Group  did  not  have  any  other  guarantees  and  charges  nor  any  other  material contingent liabilities as at 31st December, 2022 (2021: nil).

## EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 31st December, 2022, the Group had a total of approximately 23 employees (who were located in Hong Kong and the PRC), engaged in management, administration and business factoring operations. The  management  reviewed  the  remuneration  policy  regularly  on  the  basis  of  performance  and experience of the employees as well as the prevailing industry practices. Social insurance contributions are  made  by  the  Group  for  its  PRC  employees  in  accordance  with  the  relevant  PRC  regulations. Insurance and mandatory provident fund schemes are also maintained for its Hong Kong staff. During the Year, the Group provided various training courses on relevant business or skills for its management and staff at different levels.

## PRINCIPAL RISKS

The Group's financial position, business results and prospects would be affected by a number of risks. The Factoring Operations are exposed to credit risk, interest rate risk, operational risk and liquidity risk. Besides, several assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated in currencies other than Renminbi and are susceptible to foreign exchange risk. The Group's principal risks and uncertainties and the risk management measures are set out on page 49 of the Annual Report.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PRACTICE

The Group is committed to the long term sustainability of the environment and communities. The Group endeavours  to  comply  with  laws  and  regulations  regarding  environmental  protection  and  production safety.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

It is the Board's intention to distribute any excess balance by way of dividend to the extent permitted by law, the Memorandum and the Articles. Dividends will only be paid to the extent that they are covered by  net  profit  from  operations.  Distribution  will  be  made  annually  after  the  financial  statements  of  the Company are approved by the shareholders as appear to the Board to be justified by the position of the Company. Distribution will be made in Hong Kong dollars.

As the Company does not have any pre-determined dividend distribution ratio, the declaration of future dividends  will  be  subject  to  the  decision  by  the  Board  and  will  depend  on,  among  other  things,  the earnings, financial condition, cash requirements and availability of funds to meet the financial covenants of the Group's bank loans (if applicable) and any other factors that our Directors may consider relevant.

## Corporate Governance Report

The Company, as a listed company in Hong Kong, is committed to enhance its corporate governance level.

The  Board  and  the  management  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  formulation  and  strict i mplementation  of  a  sound  corporate  governance  structure  and  code,  so  as  to  improve  the accountability  system  and  transparency  of  the  Company,  protect  the  interests  of  and  create  value  for shareholders.

In  the  opinion  of  the  Board,  the  Group  has  complied  with  all  of  the  code  provisions  of  the  Corporate Governance  Code  ('Code')  as  set  out  in  Part  2  of  Appendix  14  to  the  Listing  Rules  throughout  the Current  Year,  except  that  (i)  the  Chairman  of  the  Board  was  not  able  to  attend  the  annual  general meeting of the Company held on 20th May, 2022 (the '2021 AGM') (deviated from Code F.2.2) due to other  business  commitment.  Nevertheless,  one  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  attended and acted as the chairman of the 2021 AGM; and (ii) Mr. Li Biao, being a non-executive Director, was not able to attend the 2021 AGM (deviated from Code C.1.6) due to his other business commitments. Nevertheless, each of these Directors has passed their opinion to the chairman of the 2021 AGM before its  commencement. All non-executive Directors are subject to retirement and rotation once every three years in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Pursuant  to  the  Code,  an  issuer  should  be  headed  by  an  effective  board  of  directors  which  should assume  responsibility  for  leadership  and  control  of  the  company  and  be  collectively  responsible for  promoting  the  success  of  the  company  by  directing  and  supervising  the  company's  affairs.  The Board should make decisions objectively in the interests  of  the  Company.  The  Board  is  committed  to the  improvement  of  the  corporate  governance  system  of  the  Company  and  is  ultimately  responsible for  formulating  and  implementing  strategies  and  the  operating  results  of  the  Company.  The  Board is  charged  with  promoting  the  success  of  the  Company  by  directing  and  supervising  its  affairs  in  a responsible  and  effective  manner.  The  Board  steers  and  oversees  the  management  of  the  Company such  as,  establishing  strategic  direction  and  setting  long  term  objectives  of  the  Company,  monitoring performance  of  management,  protecting  and  maximizing  the  interests  of  the  Company  and  its shareholders, and reviewing and monitoring of annual budget against actual performances and results. The  Board  has  delegated  management,  under  the  leadership  of  the  Chief  Executive,  with  authorities and  responsibilities  for  the  day-to-day  operations  and  administration  of  the  Group  and  has  specified a  schedule  of  matters  which  should  be  reserved  to  the  Board  and  which  should  be  delegated  to management.  All  policy  matters  of  the  Group  and  material  transactions  with  conflict  of  interests, considered as being notifiable or connected transactions within the meaning ascribed to by the Listing Rules, should be reserved to the decision of the Board.

The main duties of the Board include:

- 1) to  determine the strategies, objectives, policies and business plans of the Company and monitor the implementation of the strategies of the Company;
- 2) to  monitor  and  control  the  operating  and  financial  performance  of  the  Company  and  establish appropriate  risk  management  policies  and  procedures  to  ensure  the  implementation  of  the Company's strategic objectives;
- 3) to supervise the performance of the senior management and determine their remuneration; and
- 4) to perfect the corporate governance structure and facilitate communication with shareholders.

The  Company  has  established  internal  guidelines  to  clarify  matters  which  require  approval  of  the Board. Under the guidelines, the Board's approval is required for significant financing programs of the Company, such as investment plans, merger and acquisition or disposal of major assets, major capital expenditure and external borrowings.

All Directors are committed to devote sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Group. Directors have also disclosed to the Company the number and nature of offices held in Hong Kong or overseas listed  public  companies  or  organisations  and  other  significant  commitments,  with  the  identity  of  the public companies or organisations. Directors are reminded to notify the Company in a timely manner of any changes of such information.

The  Board  will  conduct  meetings  on  a  regular  basis  and  on  an  ad  hoc  basis  so  far  as  the  business required. The Directors may take independent professional advice at the Company's expense in carrying out their functions. The Board is supplied with relevant information by the senior management pertaining to  matters  to  be  brought  before  the  Board  for  decision  as  well  as  reports  relating  to  operational  and financial  performance  of  the  Group  before  each  regular  Board  meeting.  At  least  14  days  notice  of  a regular Board meeting is given to all Directors to give them the opportunity to attend. Board papers are dispatched to the Directors at least 3 days before the meeting to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and be adequately prepared for the meeting.

The Board is also committed to perform the following tasks as set out in the Code A.2.1:

- 1) to develop and review the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance;
- 2) to  review  and  monitor  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  directors  and senior management;
- 3) to  review  and  monitor  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  in  compliance  with  legal  and regulatory requirements;

- 4) to  develop,  review  and  monitor  the  code  of  conduct  and  compliance  manual  of  employees  and directors; and
- 5) to  review  the  Company's compliance with the Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

To  indemnify  Directors  and  officers  of  the  Company  against  all  costs,  charges,  losses,  expenses  and liabilities  incurred  by  them  in  the  execution  of  and  discharge  of  their  duties  or  in  relation  thereto,  the Company has arranged insurance for this purpose.

The Board has set up three standing committees, namely, the audit committee (the 'Audit Committee'), the  remuneration  committee  (the  'Remuneration  Committee')  and  the  nomination  committee ('Nomination Committee') with specific duties, power and written terms of reference. The chairman of each committee reports to the Board regularly and advises on matters for discussion when necessary. Attendance of each of the Directors to meetings of the Board and each of the committees during the Current Year was set out as follows:

| General  Meeting  Board  Audit  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  Nomination  Committee  Number of meetings held  1  2  2  1  1  Attendance  Chairman and non-executive  Directors  Liu Debing  0  2  0  0  1  Non-executive Directors  Li Biao  0  0  0  0  0  Hu Huaimin  1  2  0  0  0  Yu Guangshan  0  1  0  0  0  Executive Directors  Bai Zhaoxiang  1  2  0  0  0  Pan Mingfeng  0  2  0  1  0  Cai Baoxiang  0  0  0  0  0  Independent non-executive Directors  Liu Yongping  1  2  2  1  1  Cheung Ting Kee  1  2  2  0  0  Qian Ying  0  0  0  0  0  Cui Shuming  1  1  1  1  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Minutes  of  the  Board  and  committees  meetings  are  recorded  in  appropriate  details  and  are  kept  by the company secretary of the Company (the 'Company Secretary'). Draft minutes are circulated to the Director for comment within reasonable time after each meeting and the final version is always open for Directors' inspection.

Apart  from  regular  Board  meetings,  the  Chairman  also  held  a  meeting  with  the  Independent  nonexecutive Directors without the presence of other Directors during the Current Year.

The  Company  also  maintains  on  its  website  (www.yueda.com.hk)  an  updated  list  of  its  Directors identifying  their  roles  and  functions  and  whether  they  are  independent  non-executive  Directors. Members of the Board, with different  backgrounds  and  possessing  different  expertise,  have  extensive experience  in  corporate  planning  and  operation  management,  capital  market,  financial  accounting, auditing and so forth as a whole.

The  Company  has  received,  from  each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  an  annual confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all the independent non-executive Directors are independent despite the fact that Dr. Liu Yongping has served as an independent non-executive director of the Company for more than nine years.

There  is  no  relationship  (including  financial,  business,  family  and  other  material/relevant  relationship) among the members of the Board (including between the Chairman and the Chief Executive).

The  Company  encourages  the  Directors  to  participate  in  the  continuous  professional  development programme to develop and update their knowledge and skills to ensure that they are equipped with all information and can continue to contribute to the Board when required. The Company is responsible for the costs of such programme. During the Current Year, all Directors are committed to comply with Code C.1.4 and have attended training on topics such as update on the Listing Rules.

Every newly appointed Director has received formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of  his/her  appointment  to  ensure  appropriate  understanding  of  the  business  and  operations  of  the Company and full  awareness  of  director's  responsibilities  and  obligations  under  the  Listing  Rules  and relevant statutory requirements.

According  to  the  records  provided  by  the  Directors,  a  summary  of  training  received  by  the  Directors during the Current Year is as follows:

| Types of continuous professional  development activities  Mr. Liu Debing  A, B  Mr. Li Biao  A, B  Mr. Hu Huaimin  A, B  Mr. Yu Guangshan  A, B  Mr. Bai Zhaoxiang  A, B  Mr. Pan Mingfeng  A, B  Mr. Cai Baoxiang  A, B  Dr. Liu Yongping  A, B  Mr. Cheung Ting Kee  A, B  Ms. Qian Ying  A, B  Mr. Cui Shuming  A, B   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

A Attending seminars and/or conferences and/or forum

- B Reading  materials  relevant  to  the  latest  development  of  business  of  the  Group,  the  Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable regulatory requirement

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

The  roles  of  chairman  and  chief  executive  are  separated  to  ensure  a  balance  of  power  and  authority and that power is not concentrated in any one individual.

The  functions  of  the  Chairman  and  the  chief  executive  of  the  Company  are  clearly  segregated.  The present  Chairman  of  the  Board,  Mr.  Liu  Debing,  is  responsible  for  providing  leadership  for  the  Board. His  main  responsibility  is  to  ensure  that  the  Board  works  effectively  and  that  all  key  and  appropriate issues  are  discussed  by  it  in  a  timely  manner.  The  Chairman  is  also  responsible  for  ensuring  that good  corporate  governance  practices  and  procedures  are  established  and  followed.  The  Chairman  is also  responsible  for  ensuring  appropriate  steps  be  taken  to  provide  effective  communication  with  the shareholders and that the views of shareholders are communicated to the Board as a whole.

The present Chief Executive of the Company, Dr. Wong Mun Kin is responsible for the overall business operations of the Group focusing on strategic planning and business development.

## DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the  'Model  Code')  as  provided  in  Appendix  10  to  the  Listing  Rules.  All  Directors  of  the  Company,  in response to the specific enquiries made by the Company, confirmed that they have complied with the requirements set out in the Model Code throughout the Current Year.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Each  of  Mr.  Liu  Debing,  Mr.  Li  Biao,  Mr.  Hu  Huaimin  and  Mr.  Yu  Guangshan  has  been  appointed  as a  non-executive  Director  whereas  each  of  Dr.  Liu  Yongping,  Mr.  Cheung  Ting  Kee  and  Ms.  Qian  Ying has  been  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director.  The  non-executive  Directors  are  not appointed for a specific term, however, all non-executive Directors are subject to retirement and rotation once every three years in accordance with the Company's articles of association.

## Directors' responsibility for the Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of  the  Group  for  the  Current  Year.  The  Directors  ensure  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  be prepared  so  as  to  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  Group's  state  of  affairs,  the  results  and  cash  flow for the Current Year, and on a going concern basis in accordance with the statutory requirements and applicable accounting and financial reporting standards.

During the Current Year, Directors are provided with monthly updates on the Company's performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties.

The  Directors  also  ensure  timely  publication  of  the  Group  financial  statements  and  aim  to  present  a clear, balanced and understandable assessment of the Group's performance and position through all its publications and communications to the public and is aware of the requirements under the applicable rules and regulations about timely disclosure of inside information.

The report from the auditor of the Company regarding their responsibilities and opinion on the financial statements  of  the  Group  for  the  Current  Year  is  set  out  in  the  'Independent  Auditor's  Report'  to  this annual  report.  The  Board  has  taken  steps  to  ensure  the  continued  objectivity  and  independence  of the external auditor. For the Current Year, the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditor of the Company  were  approximately  HK$1,730,000  and  HK$70,000  in  respect  of  the  audit  and  non  audit services provided to the Group respectively. Details of the significant non audit services and the related amount are as follows:

Professional services rendered in connection with preliminary announcement of results HK$20,000

Professional services rendered in connection with connected transactions HK$50,000

The  Company  has  adopted  a  board  diversity  policy  (the  'Policy')  which  sets  out  the  approach  to achieve  and  maintain  diversity  on  the  Board  in  order  to  maintain  a  competitive  advantage  of  the Board. Pursuant to Policy, the Company seeks to achieve board diversity through the consideration of a  number  of  factors,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  talents,  skills,  regional  and  industry  experience, background, gender and other qualities.  The  Board  will  from  time  to  time  consider  to  set  measurable objectives  to  implement  the  Policy  and  review  such  objectives  to  ensure  their  appropriateness  and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objective. During the Current Year, the Board has not set any measurable objectives to implement the Policy.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

## Audit Committee

Pursuant  to  the  Code,  a  board  of  directors  should  establish  formal  and  transparent  arrangements  for considering  how  it  will  apply  the  financial  reporting  and  internal  control  principles  and  for  maintaining an  appropriate  relationship  with  the  company's  auditor.  The  audit  committee  established  by  an  issuer pursuant to the Listing Rules should have clear terms of reference.

The  Board  has  established  the  Audit  Committee.  As  a  standing  committee  of  the  Board,  the  Audit Committee  is  mainly  responsible  for  monitoring  the  completeness  of  the  financial  statements  and regular  reports  issued  by  the  Company  and  reviewing  the  financial  control,  internal  control  and  risk management  system  of  the  Company.  The  members  of  the  Audit  Committee  comprised  Mr.  Cheung Ting Kee, Dr. Liu Yongping and Ms. Qian Ying, all of them being independent non-executive Directors, with Mr. Cheung Ting Kee as the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The  terms  of  reference  of  the  Audit  Committee  setting  out  the  committee's  authority  and  duties  are available from the Company's website.

The main duties of the Audit Committee include, but not limited to:

- (1) to be responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor, to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and to handle any questions on resignation or dismissal of any relevant auditor;
- (2) to review and monitor the external auditor's independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the  audit  process  in  accordance  with  applicable  standards.  The  Audit  Committee  should  discuss with  the  auditor  the  nature  and  scope  of  the  audit  and  reporting  obligations  before  the  audit commences;
- (3) to  develop  and  implement  policy  on  the  engagement  of  an  external  auditor  to  supply  non-audit services  and  to  report  to  the  Board,  identifying  any  matters  in  respect  of  which  it  considers  that action or improvement is needed and making recommendations as to the steps to be taken;
- (4) to monitor the integrity of the financial statements, annual report and accounts and interim report and to review significant financial reporting judgements contained therein;
- (5) to review the Company's financial control, internal control and risk management systems;
- (6) to discuss the risk management and internal control system with the management and ensure that management has performed its duty in establishing an effective internal control system;
- (7) to  consider  any  findings  of  major  investigations  or  risk  management  and  internal  control  matters and management responses as delegated by the Board or on its own initiative;
- (8) to review the Group's financial and accounting policies and practices;
- (9) to  review  the  external  auditor's  management  letter  to  the  management  of  the  Company,  any material  queries  raised  by  the  auditor  to  the  management  in  respect  of  accounting  records, financial accounts or systems of control and management's response;
- (10)  to  ensure  that  the  Board  will  provide  a  timely  response  to  the  issues  raised  in  the  management letter from the external auditor to the management; and
- (11)  to report to the Board on the matters set out in the Code; and consider other topics, as defined by the Board.

The  Audit  Committee  held  two  meetings  during  the  Current  Year,  at  which  the  Audit  Committee reviewed  the  annual  report  and  interim  report  of  the  Company  and  matters  relating  the  connected transactions  and  made  recommendations  to  the  Board.  The  Audit  Committee  also  reviewed  the risk  management  and  internal  control  system  of  the  Company.  The  Board  and  the  Audit  Committee concurred  in  their  opinions  regarding  the  election  and  appointment  of  the  external  auditor.  The  Audit Committee was provided with sufficient resources to perform its duties.

## Remuneration Committee

The  Company  has  set  up  the  Remuneration  Committee  with  written  terms  of  reference,  members  of which  are  currently  Ms.  Qian  Ying  (Chairman  of  the  Remuneration  Committee,  an  independent  nonexecutive Director), Dr. Liu Yongping (an independent non-executive Director) and Mr. Pan Mingfeng (an executive Director). Regular meetings are held by the committee to review and discuss matters relating to the remuneration policy, remuneration levels and the remuneration of executive Directors.

The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee setting out the committee's authority and duties are available in the Company's website.

The  principal  role  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  is  to  provide  advice  and  recommendation  to  the Board on the remuneration package of Directors, on any specific remuneration package with reference to  market conditions, performance of the Group and the individuals against present goals and targets as set by the Board from time to time, and if necessary, on any compensation policy for termination of office of Directors.

The  Remuneration  Committee  held  one  meeting  during  the  Current  Year,  in  the  meeting,  the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended (i) the remuneration package and performance of Directors; and (ii) adjustment of the fees for certain directors.

The  emolument  payable  to  Directors  will  depend  on  their  respective  contractual  terms  under employment  contracts,  if  any,  and  as  recommended  by  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  approved by the Board. Details of the Directors' remuneration are set out in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Nomination Committee

The Company has set up the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference, members of which are  currently  Mr.  Liu  Debing  (Chairman  of  the  Nomination  Committee,  Chairman  of  the  Board  and  a non-executive Director), Dr. Liu Yongping (an independent non-executive Director) and Ms. Qian Ying (an independent non-executive Director). Duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition and identifying and nominating candidates for appointment to the Board such that it has the relevant blend of skills, knowledge and experience.

The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee setting out the committee's authority and duties are available in the Company's website.

The principal duties of the Nomination Committee are as follows:

1. reviews the structure, size and composition (including skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of  perspectives)  of  the  Board  at  least  annually  and  makes  recommendations  on  any  proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company's corporate strategy;
2. identifies  individuals  suitably  qualified  to  become  Board  members  and  selects  or  makes recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;
3. assesses the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and
4. makes  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  or  re-appointment  of  Directors  and succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive.

The  Company  values  gender  diversity.  As  at  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Board  has  11%  of  female Directors  (1  female  out  of  9  Directors).  The  Board  is  committed  to  improving  greater  gender  diversity and wishes to achieve at least 30% of female Directors by the end of 2025.

During the Current Year, the Nomination Committee and the Board considered that the composition of the Board was balanced and diversified.

The  policy  will  be  reviewed  periodically  to  ensure  it  remains  relevant  to  the  Company's  needs  and reflects both regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practices.

During the Current Year, one meeting was held to (i) review the existing structure, size and composition of  the  Board;  (ii)  confirm  independence  of  independent  non-executive  Directors;  and  (iii)  make recommendation to the Board on the proposed re-election of the retiring Directors at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

## Risk Management and Internal controls

The Group is committed to the identification, monitoring and management of risks associated with its business activities. The Board has an overall and ongoing responsibility for the internal control system and  risk  management  procedures  of  the  Company.  The  Board  has  developed  its  systems  of  internal control and risk management and is also responsible for reviewing at least once a year and maintaining an  adequate  internal  control  system  to  safeguard  the  interests  of  the  shareholders  and  the  assets  of the  Company.  During  the  Current  Year,  the  Board  has  entrusted  the  Audit  Committee  and  appointed a  professional  internal  control  consultant  with  the  responsibility  to  assess  risk  of  the  Company  and perform  the  agreed-upon  procedures  in  relation  to  the  internal  controls  of  the  main  business  of  the Company.  The  risk  assessment  report  documents  major  business  risks  and  the  3-year  internal  audit plan is developed based on the risk assessment results. The agreed-upon procedures report provided factual  findings  of  whether  the  internal  control  procedures  of  the  main  business  of  the  Company  are suitably  designed  to  achieve  specified  control  objectives  with  recommendations  proposed  for  the Company  to  further  improve  its  internal  control  system  in  respect  of  areas  including  identification of  significant  control  failings  or  weakness  which  have  or  will  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Group's financial performance, and the effectiveness of the Group's processes for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance.

The Board reviews the effectiveness of the Group's material internal controls and considers the Group's internal  control  system  is  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  against  material  misstatement or  loss  and  to  manage  and  eliminate  risks  of  failure  in  operational  systems  and  fulfillment  of  business objective. The system includes a defined management structure with segregation of duties. The Board's opinion  that  the  resources  for  and  qualifications  of  staff  of  the  Company's  accounting  and  financial reporting  function  are  adequate  and  sufficient.  Based  on  information  furnished  to  it  and  on  its  own observations, the Board is satisfied with present internal controls of the Group.

## Company Secretary

Mr. Cheng Man Hung was appointed as the Company Secretary with effect from 9th August, 2021. All Directors  have  access  to  the  advices  and  services  of  the  Company  Secretary.  During  the  year  ended 31st December, 2022, the Company Secretary has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional trainings to update his skills and knowledge.

## Investors' Relations and Communication with Shareholders

Pursuant  to  the  Code,  a  board  of  directors  should  endeavour  to  maintain  an  on-going  dialogue  with shareholders and, in particular, to communicate through annual general meetings with shareholders and encourage  their  participation.  The  company  should  regularly  inform  shareholders  of  the  procedure  for voting by poll and ensure compliance with the requirements about voting by poll contained in the Listing Rules and the constitutional documents of the company.

The  Company,  the  Board  and  the  management  place  high  regard  on  the  opinions  and  needs  of shareholders.

The  Company  attempts  to  enhance  the  communication  with  its  shareholders  through  publishing interim  and  annual  results  and  reports  and  press  releases  as  well  as  announcing  publicly  its  latest developments on its website (www.yueda.com.hk).

Shareholders may also receive the latest information released by the Company electronically. The annual general meeting of the Company is a communication channel between the shareholders and the Board members,  including  independent  non-executive  Directors  and  the  senior  management.  The  chairman of  the  Board  and  chairman  of  each  committee  shall  try  their  best  to  attend  the  meeting  to  answer questions  raised  by  the  shareholders.  During  the  Current  Year,  the  Company  held  the  2021  AGM,  at which a separate resolution was proposed in respect of each motion.

The  procedures  for  and  the  rights  of  shareholders  to  demand  for  a  poll  and  details  of  the  proposed resolutions were disclosed in the circular sent to shareholders prior to each of the general meeting.

The Company is committed to ensure that it is fully compliant with the disclosure obligations stipulated under  the  Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  and  that  all  shareholders  of  the Company and potential  investors  have  an  equal  opportunity  to  receive  and  obtain  externally  available information released by the Group. The Company reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders communication policy and considered it to be effective.

During the Current Year, the Company has not made any changes to its articles of association.

## Shareholders' Rights

Pursuant  to  article  64  of  the  articles  of  association  of  the  Company,  any  one  or  more  shareholders holding  at  the  date  of  deposit  of  the  requisition  not  less  than  one  tenth  of  the  paid  up  capital  of  the Company  having  the  right  of  voting  at  general  meetings  of  the  Company  shall  at  all  times  have  the right,  by  written  requisition  to  the  Board  or  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company,  to  require  an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionist(s) himself  (themselves)  may  do  so  in  the  same  manner,  and  all  reasonable  expenses  incurred  by  the requisitionist(s)  as  a  result  of  the  failure  of  the  Board  shall  be  reimbursed  to  the  requisitionist(s)  by  the Company.

The above written requisition shall be addressed to the Company's head office at:

Room 3321-23 and 3325, 33rd Floor, China Merchants Tower, Shun Tak Centre, 200 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong

The  procedures  for  proposing  a  person  for  election  as  a  Director  are  set  out  in  the  section  'Investor Relations' on the home page of the Company's website.

To  put  forward  proposals  at  an  annual  general  meeting  or  an  extraordinary  general  meeting,  the shareholders  shall  submit  a  written  notice  of  those  proposals  with  the  detailed  contact  information  to the company secretary of the Company at the Company's registered office.

The  request  will  be  verified  with  the  Company's  branch  share  registrar  in  Hong  Kong  and  upon  its confirmation that the request is proper and in order, the company secretary of the Company will ask the Board to include the resolution in the agenda for the general meeting.

Moreover, the notice period concerning the notice to be given to all the shareholders for consideration of  the  proposals  submitted  by  the  shareholders  concerned  varies  as  follows  pursuant  to  article  65  of the articles of association of the Company:

- (a) for  an  annual  general  meeting  and  any  extraordinary  general  meeting  at  which  the  passing  of  a special resolution is to be considered, it shall be called by at least 21 days' notice in writing; and
- (b) for all other extraordinary general meetings, they may be called by not less than 14 days' notice in writing.

Shareholders  may  at  any  time  send  their  enquiries  to  the  Board  in  writing  through  the  Company Secretary.

## SCOPE AND REPORTING PERIOD

This  is  the  seventh  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  ('ESG')  Report  ('ESG  Report')  by  the Group,  highlighting  its  ESG  performance,  with  disclosure  reference  made  to  the  ESG  Reporting Guide  as  described  in  Appendix  27  of  the  Listing  Rules  set  out  by  the  Stock  Exchange.  Climaterelated  disclosures  are  aligned  with  the  Task  Force  on  Climate-Related  Financial  Disclosures  ('TCFD') framework.

The Group principally engaged in the factoring services, accounts receivable collection and management services  and  accounts  receivable  consultancy  services.  This  ESG  Report  covers  the  Group's  overall performance  in  two  subject  areas,  namely  Environmental  and  Social  aspects  of  the  operation  in Shenzhen, Mainland China, from 1st January, 2022 to 31st December, 2022 ('Reporting Period'), unless otherwise stated. Other business operations with insignificant contribution to the Group's revenue and environmental and social impacts were excluded from the reporting scope.

## REPORTING PRINCIPLES

The  Report  is  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  'Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Reporting Guide' set out in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange (the 'Guide'). The contents covered  herein  are  in  compliance  with  the  provision  of  'Comply  or  Explain'  as  well  as  four  reporting principles of materiality, quantitativeness, balance and consistency required in the Guide.

Materiality -Materiality  assessments  have  been  carried  out  to  identify  material  environmental  and social issues that have major impacts on investors and other stakeholders, the significant stakeholders, procedures,  and  results  of  the  engagement  of  which  are  presented  in  the  section  'Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality' in the Report.

Quantitativeness -Key  performance  indicators  ('KPI's)  have  been  established,  and  are  measurable and applicable to make valid comparisons under appropriate conditions; information on the standards, methodologies,  assumptions,  and/or  calculation  tools  used,  and  sources  of  conversion  factors  used, have been disclosed when applicable.

Balance -The  Report  presents  the  Group's  performance  during  the  Reporting  Period  in  an  impartial manner,  avoiding  choices,  omissions  or  presentation  formats  that  may  unduly  influence  readers' decisions or judgements.

Consistency -Consistent statistical methodologies and presentation of KPIs have been used to allow meaningful comparisons of related data over time.

## THE GROUP'S VISION ON ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

As  a  leading  state-owned  enterprise  in  the  PRC,  the  Board  and  the  management  team  of  the  Group believes  that  it  must  fulfil  its  corporate  social  responsibility  in  addition  to  its  economic  value.  The Group attaches great importance to corporate integrity and customer service while emphasising social responsibility,  which  earned  it  several  recognitions.  The  Group  will  continue  to  adhere  to  its  traditional spirit of valuing corporate social responsibility.

The  Board  acknowledges  that  it  has  the  overall  responsibility  for  the  Group's  ESG  strategy  and reporting,  and  for  evaluating  and  determining  the  Group's  ESG-related  risks.  The  Group  has  complied with  all  the  'comply  or  explain'  provisions  set  out  in  the  ESG  Reporting  Guide  during  the  Reporting Period.

## SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

The  Board  has  overall  responsibility  for  the  Group's  sustainability  strategy  and  reporting.  The sustainability plan of the Group is developed based on results of ESG Reports and regular reports from senior management of its subsidiaries, which is reviewed on an annual basis and adjusted as needed to align with the long-term business strategy of the Group.

Furthermore, the Board has set up an ESG task force team to assess and manage ESG-related issues during  the  Reporting  Period,  consisting  of  representatives  from  different  departments  whose  duties include  carrying  out  various  ESG  management  measures  and  monitoring  important  ESG  aspects.  If any  significant  ESG-related  issues  have  been  identified,  the  ESG  task  force  team  shall  report  to  the Board for further discussion. These measures shall ensure the sustainable and responsible growth and operation of the Group.

## THE CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Over the past three years, the outbreak of the COVID-19 in the PRC and the rest of the world remain a great challenge to the economy and our operations. The Group has learned the lessons of weathering tough  macroeconomic  conditions  and  recognises  that  sustainability  is  the  key  to  success.  At  the same  time,  stakeholders  are  increasingly  expecting  corporations  to  take  sustainability  factors  into consideration when doing businesses. The Group recognises this and continues to make sustainability as  its  operational  focus.  We  are  committed  to  improving  the  sustainability  performance  of  our operations. We understand that sustainability governance is the foundation to a successful operation.

The Board is, therefore, responsible for setting our strategic direction, ensuring that our ESG strategy reflects the Group's values and core businesses. In the future, the Board will review the progress made against ESG-related goals to guide the Group in monitoring its ESG performance.

By integrating sustainability into our business philosophy, we create greater value for our stakeholders and society. Without the contribution of our employees, customers, business partners and communities, it  would  not  have  been  possible  for  the  Group  to  have  achieved  so  much.  To  better  understand the  demands  and  expectations  of  our  stakeholders,  we  invite  employees,  suppliers,  and  clients  to participate  in  a  survey  to  maintain  effective  communication,  allowing  us  to  better  accommodate  their needs.

Going forward, to meet future challenges, we will continue to drive our sustainability performance and further integrate sustainability into our core strategy. This report sets out our sustainability practices and approaches throughout the past year. We hope this report will provide our stakeholders an overview of our sustainability performance.

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY

To  identify  the  significant  ESG  aspects  of  the  Group's  business  operation,  the  Group  regularly engages internal and external stakeholders to discuss and to review areas of attention. Feedback and suggestions from stakeholders help the Group to identify potential ESG risks and continuously improve its ESG management. Stakeholder engagement channels are shown as follows.

| Stakeholder Groups  Engagement Channels  Employees  Managers and supervisors understand employees' work and development,  and receive feedback from employees through meetings. The Group has  also set up a business advisory group which convenes every six months  for further in-depth communication.  Clients  The Group understands clients' latest development and operation through  meetings and monthly/quarterly visits.  Local communities  The Group pays attention to the local communities, especially the  underprivileged. It conducts visits to provide appropriate support or  assistance to the underprivileged whenever possible.  Non-governmental  organisations  As the vice president of the Shenzhen Factors Association, the Group actively  promotes networking and information sharing section among the factoring  industry in Shenzhen.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  particular,  the  Group  collected  views  from  its  internal  and  external  stakeholders  through  surveys  to identify the material ESG aspects to be focused in this ESG Report. The Materiality Matrix below shows the result of its materiality assessment process:

## Materiality of Different Topics from Stakeholder Engagement

<!-- image -->

## Internal Assessment on Importance to Business

| Environmental Practices  Labour Practices  Operational Practices  A1  A2  A3  A4  A5  A6  A7  Energy  Water  Air Emission  Waste and Effluent  Other Raw Materials  Consumption  Environmental Protection  Measures  Climate Change  B1  B2  B3  B4  Employment  Occupational Health and  Safety  Development and Training  Labour Standards  C1  C2  C3  C4  C5  C6  C7  Supply Chain Management  Intellectual Property  Data Protection  Customer Service  Product/Service Quality  Anti-corruption  Community Investment   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

According to the assessment, the five most material topics to the Group are therefore,

1. Labour Standards
2. Intellectual Property
3. Supply Chain Management
4. Anti-corruption
5. Customer Service

The  Group  has  strictly  complied  with  the  statutory  requirements  in  respect  of  the  identified  material aspects. The Group aims to keep close communication with its stakeholders for the identified aspects and continue to improve its ESG performance. The Group also hopes to have better management on ESG-related risks for future business development.

In  alignment  with  the  Group's  vision  on  sustainability,  the  business  will  continue  to  operate  with  high ethical  standards  and  provide  sustainable  returns  to  stakeholders.  The  Group  will  continue  to  identify areas of improvement for the concerned aspects and keep close communication with its stakeholders to share and exchange ideas for advancing the Group's ESG management.

## STAKEHOLDERS' FEEDBACK

The Group welcomes stakeholders' feedback on its ESG approach and performance. Please give your suggestions or share your views with the Group via email at esmond@yueda.com.hk.

## A. Environmental

The Group's operation involves office operation only, and thus it did not cause a significant adverse impact on the environment and natural resources. The Group is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and pollution control, including but not limited to the followings:

- -Air Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC;
- -Environmental Protection Law of the PRC;
- -Law of the PRC on Prevention and Control of Pollution by Environmental Noise;
- -Noise Control Ordinance; and
- -Air Pollution Control Ordinance.

## A1.  Emissions

## A1.1 Air Emissions

During  the  reporting  period,  the  Group's  passenger  car  was  not  used  for  its  business operation.  As  such,  no  air  emission  was  generated  from  the  combustion  of  fuel.  Typical  air emissions include nitrogen oxides ('NOx'), sulphur oxides ('SOx') and respiratory suspended particles ('PM').

| Air emissions (non-GHG) from vehicles  Fuel Source  NOx (in kg)  PM (in kg)  SOx (in kg)  Petrol  0.00  0.00  0.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1: Emission factors were made by reference to Appendix 27 of the Main Board Listing Rules and their referred documentation as set out by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, unless stated otherwise.

## A1.2 Greenhouse Gas ('GHG') Emissions

During the Reporting Period, 4.223 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO 2 e)  greenhouse gases  ('GHG',  mainly  carbon  dioxide,  methane  and  nitrous  oxide)  were  emitted  from  the Group's  operations,  representing  a  12%  increase  from  last  year.  The  intensity  was  0.013 tCO 2 e per m 2  of total office area during the Reporting Period.

| Scope of GHG  Emission Sources  2022 Emission  2021 Emission  (in tCO  2  e)  (in tCO  2  e)  Scope 1  Combustion of Fuel  0.000  0.000  Direct Emissions  Scope 2  Purchased Electricity 2  4.191  3.755  Energy Indirect Emission  Scope 3  Paper Waste Disposal  0.024  0.024  Other Indirect Emissions  Electricity Used for  Processing Fresh Water  and Sewage by Third  Party Handler 3  0.008  0.007  Total  4.223  3.786   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1: Emission factors were made reference to Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules and their referred documentation as set out by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, unless stated otherwise.

- Note 2: According  to  The  Ministry  of  Ecology  and  Environment  of  People's  Republic  of  China  (2022):  Emission factor of 0.5810 tCO 2 e/MWh was used for purchased electricity from the National Grid of the PRC in 2022; Emission factor of 0.6101 tCO 2 e/MWh was used for purchased electricity from the National Grid of the PRC in 2021.
- Note 3: According  to  Water  Supplies  Department  Annual  Report  2020/21  and  2019/20,  and  Drainage  Services Department  Sustainability  Report  2020-21  and  2019-20:  Emission  factor  of  0.428  kgCO 2 e/m 3   was  used for  processed  fresh  water  in  2022,  whereas  emissions  factor  of  0.21  kgCO 2 e/m 3   was  used  for  processed sewage in 2022; Emission factor of 0.417 kgCO 2 e/m 3  was used for processed fresh water in 2021, whereas emissions factor of 0.20 kgCO 2 e/m 3  was used for processed sewage in 2021.

## A1.3.  Hazardous Waste

The Group's business did not involve generation of significant amount of hazardous waste.

## A1.4.  Non-hazardous Waste

The  Group  recognises  that  its  business  operations  had  generated  non-hazardous  waste, which mainly consisted of general office waste. However, since the amount of non-hazardous waste generated was insignificant, the Group did not measure the amount of non-hazardous waste generated and thus no data was available.

## A1.5.  Measures to Mitigate Emissions

To  promote  reduction  of  carbon  footprint,  employees  are  encouraged  to  take  the  public transports  when  commuting  to/from  work.  Online  conferences  are  encouraged  to  improve collaboration while minimising emission. When business travels are inevitable, economy-class, which has a lower emission, is preferred.

The Group had set the target of achieving a 10% reduction in emissions intensity by 2031, using 2021 as the baseline year. The Group's emission intensity in 2021 was 0.013 tCO 2 e per m 2   of  total  office  area,  which  means  the  Group  had  recorded  a  12%  increase  in  emissions intensity from the baseline year for this Reporting Period. Based on these results, the Group may  consider  re-evaluating  its  10-year  target  for  emissions  intensity  reduction,  if  these increased emissions figures are sustained for the next Reporting Period.

## A1.6.  Waste Reduction and Initiatives

As the Group had not collected any data on its non-hazardous waste generation, the Group did  not  set  any  targets  for  reducing  non-hazardous  waste  generation.  Nevertheless,  the Group has implemented various measures to decrease the amount of non-hazardous waste generated from its business operations.

Non-hazardous  waste  was  collected  and  treated  by  the  property  management  department of the office building. For the Group's business operations, the major type of non-hazardous waste is domestic waste, such as paper. The Group strives to reduce paper waste by reusing single-sided used paper. Reminders have been posted at conspicuous locations in toilets to remind employees to avoid the use of tissue paper.

## A2.  Use of Resources

## A2.1.  Energy Consumption

A  total  of  7,214.00  kWh  of  energy  was  consumed  by  the  Group  for  its  operations  during the  Reporting  Period,  all  of  which  was  from  electricity  consumption  for  office  operations. This  represents  a  17%  increase  from  last  year.  The  electricity  consumption  was  managed by  the  property  management  department  of  the  office  building,  which  has  provided  the monthly  breakdown  of  electricity  consumption  of  the  Group  for  the  Reporting  Period.  The consumption intensity was 23.85 kWh of electricity per m 2  of total office area.

## A2.2.  Water Consumption

The  Group  had  consumed  12.00  m 3   of  water  during  the  Reporting  Period,  representing no  change  from  last  year.  Water  consumption  of  the  Group  was  managed  by  the  property management  department  of  the  office  building,  which  has  provided  a  monthly  breakdown of  water  consumption of the Group for the Reporting Period. In addition, the Group had no issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose during the Reporting Period. The consumption intensity  was  0.04  m 3   of  water  per  m 2 of  total  office  area,  representing  no  change  from  last year.

## A2.3.  Energy Use Efficiency Initiatives

The Group turns off unnecessary air conditioners and lightings during lunch breaks and after work hours.  Employees are  also  encouraged  to  switch  off  other  idling  electrical  appliances. The administration department usually controls the temperature of the air conditioners at 26 degree Celsius or above. To reduce energy use, only ventilation fans are switched on during the  winter  period.  The  Group  would  further  promote  and  raise  its  employees'  awareness  of energy conservation in the coming years.

The Group had set the target of achieving a 10% reduction in energy use intensity by 2031, using  2021  as  the  baseline  year.  The  Group's  energy  use  intensity  in  2021  was  20.35  kWh per m 2   of  total  office  area,  which  means  the  Group  has  recorded  a  17%  increase  in  energy use  intensity  from  the  baseline  year  for  this  Reporting  Period.  Based  on  these  results,  the Group  may  consider  re-evaluating  its  10-year  target  for  energy  use  intensity  reduction,  if these increased energy consumption figures are sustained for the next Reporting Period.

## A2.4.  Water Use Efficiency Initiatives

The  Group  does  not  involve  significant  use  of  water  resources  in  its  business  operation. Reminders have been posted at conspicuous locations in the washroom to remind employees to conserve water.

Since there is no major consumption of water resources, the Group had not set any targets for reducing water use.

## A2.5.  Packaging Materials

The Group's business did not involve any use of packaging materials. Hence, no policy has been established and no data is available.

## A3.  The Environment and Natural Resources

## A3.1.  Significant Impacts of Activities on the Environment

The  Group  understands  that  electricity  was  the  main  energy  source  of  its  operation. Therefore, it strives to reduce electricity consumption whenever possible. The Group will strive to  further  improve  our  energy  conservation,  reduce  emission  and  prevent  the  production  of waste. The Group did not receive any complaints from the surrounding community regarding air pollution, odour, noise, or light pollution.

## A4.  Climate Change

Climate change impacts to all businesses, and the Group is not an exception.

This  year,  the  Group  has  taken  its  first  step  to  disclosing  its  climate-related  information aligning  with  the  four  core  elements,  namely,  Governance,  Strategy,  Risk  Management,  and Metrics and Targets of TCFD recommendations on climate-related financial disclosure.

## A4.1 Governance

Due to  the  nature  of  business  as  an  office-based  company,  climate  change  has  not  posed significant  threat  to  the  Group's  business  operation.  As  such,  the  Group  has  not  formulated any official policies regarding climate change. Strategies on climate change are considered to be ESG-related issues, and thus its management is delegated to the ESG task force team.

For further details of the Group's ESG governance, please refer to the section 'Sustainability Governance'.

## A4.2 Strategy

However, the Group has identified relevant climate-related risks and assessed their potential financial  impacts.  The  climate  risks  identified,  their  time  horizon,  trend,  and  the  potential financial impacts affecting the Group are shown below.

| Climate  Risks  Time  horizon  Trend  Potential financial impact  Physical  Risks  Acute  Short term  Increase  Extreme weather events with increased  severity during cyclones, hurricanes,  storm surges and floods can cause  supply chain interruption by bringing  damage to local infrastructure,  potential damage to offices and  disruption to human resources.  Chronic  Long term  Increase  Longer-term shifts in climate patterns  can increase capital costs, operating  costs, costs of human resources and  increased insurance premium.  Transition  Risks  Technology  Long term  Increase  During the transitional period, the Group  expects increased procurement  expenditures to introduce new and  alternative technologies, and the  additional cost of adopting/deploying  new practices and processes.  Policy and  Legal  Short to  medium  term  Increase  Implementation of tightened  environmental laws, stringent  requirements on climate disclosures  and carbon pricing system increases  operating costs.  Market  Short term  Increase  During the transitional period, the Group  might face a decrease in revenue due  to higher environmental requirements  of clients, if no strategy has been set  accordingly.  Reputation  Short to  medium  term  Increase  Stakeholders' concerns on climate-  related issues of the Group might  dampen the investment sentiment  of investors, impacting the stock  price and market capitalisation of  the Group, and hence increasing the  liquidity risk.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

However, the Group has yet to identify any opportunities arising from climate change.

## A4.3 Risk Management

An  ESG  risk  assessment  was  conducted  based  on  assessing  the  possibility  and  impact  of each  identified  risk  into  three  levels:  high,  medium  and  low.  Risks  are  then  prioritised  and classified  into  the  risk  levels,  high,  medium  and  low  based  on  the  possibility  and  impact ratings. The overall risk level was determined depending on the overall possibility and impact of the risks.

| Risk levels  Definition of the overall risk levels  High  Risks at this level may have serious consequences. It is highly likely  that there will be some impacts to the Group and hindrance for  the Group to achieve strategic goals.  Medium  Risks at this level may have serious consequences, but they are  less likely to occur. Conversely, the consequences could be  minor in nature, but the probability of occurrence is higher  Low  Risks at this level have limited harm and consequences for the  Group to achieve its strategic goals, and the probability of  occurrence is low.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has identified its risk profile based on the climate-related risks suggested by the TCFD  recommendations  on  climate-related  financial  disclosure.  All  climate-related  risks  are assessed to be in high risk levels according to the risk assessment.

| Climate  risks  Overall  risk level  Management Approach  Physical  Acute  Medium  -  Prepared relevant contingency strategies for  extreme weather events, such as work-from-home  arrangements for non-essential employees  Chronic  Transition  Policy and  Legal  High  -  Engaged with professionals to provide advice on  climate-related issues  -  Continuously monitor the latest climate-related  regulations and trend  Technology  Medium  -  Engaged with professionals to provide advice on  climate-related issues  Market  High  -  Diversify supply chain and customer base  Reputation  High  -  Continuously monitor the latest climate-related  regulations and trend   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## A4.4 Metric and Targets

To  measure  the  level  and  impact  of  the  Group's  climate-related  risks,  the  Group  monitors metrics  and  indicators  to  ensure  an  effective  and  quantitative  assessment.  The  Group monitors  and  reviews  its  Scope  1,  Scope  2,  Scope  3  GHG  emissions  (in  tCO 2 eq.),  total GHG emissions (in tCO 2 eq.)  and  GHG emission intensity (in tCO 2 eq./m 2 )  regularly.  The  GHG emission data and information about target setting are shown in the section 'A1. Emissions' of this Report.

## B. Social

## 1. Employment and Labour Practices

## B1.  Employment

The  operations  in  Mainland  China  had  a  total  number  of  16  employees  at  the  end  of  the Reporting Period. All employees are from various provinces in PRC.

There was no material non-compliance in relation to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and  promotion,  working  hours,  rest  periods,  equal  opportunity,  diversity,  anti-discrimination, and  other  benefits  and  welfare  that  have  a  significant  impact  to  the  Group  during  the reporting  period.  The  Group  has  complied  strictly  with  the  relevant  employment  laws  and regulations of Mainland China to ensure employees' interests are protected. See below for a list of employment laws and regulations:

- Labour Law
- Labour Contract Law
- Regulations on Paid Annual Leave for Employees
- Law on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests
- Special Rules on the Labour Protection of Female Employees

The  figures  below  illustrate  the  workforce  distribution  by  different  categories  as  of  31st December, 2022, as well as comparisons with last year.

| Total Workforce as of  31st December  2022  2021  Number  Percentage  Number  Percentage  By Gender  Male  11  68.75%  12  75.00%  Female  5  31.25%  4  25.00%  By Employment Type  Full-Time  16  100.00%  10  62.50%  Part-Time  0  0.00%  6  37.50%  By Employee Category  Senior Management  7  43.75%  5  31.25%  Middle Management  4  25.00%  6  37.50%  Frontline and Other Employees  5  31.25%  5  31.25%  By Age Group  18-25  0  0.00%  0  0.00%  26-35  10  62.50%  11  68.75%  36-45  4  25.00%  3  18.75%  46-55  1  6.25%  1  6.25%  56 or above  1  6.25%  1  6.25%  By Geographical Location  Mainland China  16  100.00%  16  100.00%  Total  16  100.00%  16  100.00%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Turnover

During  the  Reporting  Period,  apart  from  re-designation  of  roles  within  a  substantial shareholder of the Company and its subsidiaries of some employees, no employees left the Group for the operations in Mainland China. The Group has retained 100% of its employees for the operations in Mainland China.

## Competitive Compensation and Benefits Package

Employees are the Group's most valuable  assets,  so  the  Group  pays  great  attention  to  the recruitment  and  retention  of  talents.  Employees  are  entitled  to  basic  salary  with  various allowance  as  per  their  job  positions,  duties,  experience  and  work  performance.  The  Group provides  social  insurance  (including  pension  fund,  Housing  Provident  Fund,  medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity insurance) in accordance with the Social Insurance Law of the PRC. Commercial combined insurance was also purchased for employees in the factoring operation. Various types of leave are provided including  annual,  sick,  work-related  injury,  marriage,  maternity  and  compassionate  leave. The  Group  reviews  employees'  salary  annually.  The  Group  complies  with  the  employment regulation  of  the  PRC  and  the  local  government  on  the  working  hours,  leaves,  and  other benefits.

## Recruitment, Promotion and Dismissal

The Group is committed to creating an open and fair recruitment and promotion mechanism. Newly  recruited  employees  are  subjected  to  a  30-day  probation  period.  Internal  promotion and salary increment are offered to existing employees, and selection is based on reviewed work capability,  attitude,  and  quality  of  work  of  employees  through  performance  appraisals. Employees' performance is reviewed during probation period and year end. The Group also possesses  a  policy  regarding  procedures  or  terms  for  determining  job  posts,  salary  and management levels.

Employees  are  required  to  inform  the  Group  about  their  preference  on  termination  or renewal of the employment contract 30 days before contract expiration. The Group provides economic compensation to employees in situations stated in the Labour Contract Law of the PRC.

## Equal Opportunity

The  Group  is  committed  to  promoting  equal  opportunities  for  employees  in  respect  of recruitment,  compensation  and  benefits,  training  and  development,  and  job  advancement. Employee  remuneration  does  not  differ  since  age,  gender,  ethnic,  background,  religion, colour,  marital  status,  family  status,  retirement,  disability,  pregnancy  or  any  other  forms  of discrimination are prohibited by applicable law.

## Employee Communication

The  Group  employs  an  'Award  and  Penalty  System'  in  which  employees  with  good presentation,  responsibility  and  discipline,  and  employees  that  act  as  role  models  are recognised  and  rewarded  by  cash  bonus,  paid  leave,  training  or  promotion  opportunities; while disciplinary action and cash penalty would be taken if an employee has committed an act of serious misconduct or deceitful behaviours.

Engagement  activities  are  regularly  organised  to  enhance  employees'  sense  of  belonging. During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  and  the  Workers'  Congress  have  arranged  sports day  and  departmental  team-building  activities  to  build  workplace  camaraderie  and  improve teamwork. An activity room has been set for employees to take rest and communicate with each other.

## B2. Employee Health and Safety

## Occupational Health and Safety

The  Group  attaches  great  importance  to  occupation  health  and  safety  of  employees  and is  committed  to  ensuring  a  safe  and  healthy  working  environment  for  employees.  It  strictly abides by all relevant occupational health the laws and regulations of Mainland China that are significant  to  the  Group  regarding  workplace  safety  and  prevention  of  occupational  hazard. See below for a list of occupational health related laws and regulations:

- Labour Law
- Labour Contract Law
- PRC Law on The Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases

Employees  are  constantly  reminded  of  the  health  and  safety  knowledge  and  emergency incident  procedures  through  notice  boards,  occupational  health  and  safety  regulations, and  the  hazard  warning  labels  that  are  posted  at  conspicuous  locations.  Safety  training and  personal  protective  equipment  are  provided  to  employees  with  respect  to  the  national regulations. Fire drills were conducted during the Reporting Period to prepare employees for an emergency.

## Indoor Environmental Quality

The Group believes that providing a healthy and comfortable environment for its employees is important for their  wellness.  The  Group  therefore  ensures  good  ventilation  and  has  installed indoor air purifiers at the office to improve the indoor air quality.

## COVID-19 Measures

The  Group  has  established  a  COVID-19  task  force  team  with  the  Chairman  as  the  team leader,  which  is  responsible  for  formulating  scientifically  based  work  plans,  clarifying management  procedures  and  contingency  plans,  and  delegating  responsibilities  for  each department of the COVID-19 task form team.

Furthermore, the Group has also further detailed monitoring, personal protection, ventilation, and  disinfection  procedures,  for  which  each  task  was  assigned  to  a  specific  person  in charge. At the same time, the Group has formulated an emergency response plan in case of an outbreak. To reduce the chances of an outbreak, all employees are restricted from heading to  areas  of  medium-to-high-risk,  and  are  also  restricted  from  contacting  any  returnees  from abroad. For employees who are returning from Hong Kong to PRC, the Group strictly follows the '14+7' quarantine policy.

| Occupational Health and Safety Data  2022  2021  2020  Work related fatality  0  0  0  Fatality rate  0.00%  0.00%  0.00%  Work injury cases &gt;3 days  0  0  0  Work injury cases ≤3 days  0  0  0  Lost days due to work injury  0  0  0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no case of work-related fatality, injury, or material of non-compliance in relation to providing  a  safe  working  environment  and  protecting  employees  from  occupational  hazards that have a significant impact on the Group during the Reporting Period.

## B3. Development and Training

The Group provides opportunities for continuous learning in the workplace. A training score scheme  is  adopted  to  encourage  employees  to  participate  in  internal  and  external  training and  academic  advancement  programs.  Training  sessions  regarding  professional  knowledge, relevant  laws  and  regulations,  and  news  are  arranged  to  equip  its  employees  to  enhance their job performance. To ensure the effectiveness of training, the Group identifies employees' training needs through questionnaires before conducting large-scaled training.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  16  employees  received  training  as  arranged  by  the  Group, and  the  average  training  hours  that  each  employee  received  was  36.00  hours.  100%  of employees had received training during the Reporting Period, with average training hours per gender and employee category as follows:

| ## By Gender  Female  36.00 hrs  Male  36.00 hrs  ## By Employee Category  Senior Management  36.00 hrs  Middle Management  36.00 hrs  Frontline and Other Employees  36.00 hrs   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## B4. Labour Standards

In pursuance of the Labour Law of the PRC and PRC Law on Protection of Minors, there was no child nor forced labour in the Group's operation during the Reporting Period. Recruitment process  strictly  abides  by  the  recruitment  procedures  in  the  human  resources  management policy.  The Human Resources Department ensures the accuracy of the provided information by  checking  candidates'  identity  card,  educational  certificates  and  employee  registration form.  The  industry  union  and  the  Group's  labour  mediation  committee  are  also  involved in  preventing  forced  labour.  If  any  case  of  non-compliance  is  discovered,  the  Group  will immediately terminate employment and further investigate to avoid recurrence.

## 2. Operating Practices

## B5.  Supply Chain Management

The  Group  has  a  systematic  procedure  for  procurement.  The  user  department  first  reports required  items  and  the  associated  specifications  to  the  Department  of  Inventory,  the procurement  document  is  then  transferred  to  the  Financial  Director,  the  General  Manager and the Procurement Department for approval. The procurement only proceeds when all the above parties have given approvals. The Procurement Department sources the required items by  tendering,  with  at  least  three  quotations  obtained.  If  the  procured  item  is  found  to  be faulty,  the  Department  of  Inventory  will  contact  the  corresponding  supplier  for  an  exchange and  will  strictly  scrutinise  the  exchanged  item  in  accordance  with  the  specifications  and quality.

Although the Group has no policy on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain,  when  purchasing  renovation  materials  and  furniture  for  the  office  of  the  factoring operation,  the  Group  opted  for  those  with  good  environmental  performances.  It  also  takes into  account  the  brand  perception,  popularity  and  background  of  suppliers  when  choosing suppliers.

During the Reporting Period, the Group had not engaged with any long-term suppliers.

## B6. Product Responsibility

The Group has rigorous risk control measures to reduce risks associated with the factoring business.  Before  approval  of  traditional  factoring  loan,  the  Group  conducts  due  diligence investigation  to  assess  customer's  loan  repayment  capacity  and  the  associated  risks.  Due diligence  reports  will  then  be  reviewed  and  approved  by  professional  parties  before  the agreement  is  being  drafted  by  the  legal  department.  The  agreement  serves  to  protect  the Group  from  operational  risks  and  will  be  signed  by  professional  law  firms.  The  Group  also monitors  the  financial  health  of  the  customers  closely  to  further  prevent  and  reduce  any potential  risk  after  loan.  The  Group  also  targets  state-owned  enterprises  and  conglomerate as  their  major  customers,  which  are  relatively  stable  and  more  resilient  to  risks.  For  the communications  factoring  business,  the  Group  appoints  the  credit  assessment  services provider's for the credit assessment of the end customers to minimise the risks.

In terms of regulating product promotion and responsible sales, the Group strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations of Mainland China. See below for a list of relevant laws and regulations:

- Criminal Law
- Advertising Law
- Cyber Security Law
- Provisions  on  Protecting  the  Personal  Information  of  Telecommunications  and  Internet Users

During  the  Reporting  Period,  there  was  no  material  non-compliance  regarding  health  and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to services provided and methods of redress recorded during the Reporting Period.

## Intellectual Property Rights

The  Group  fully  understands  the  importance  of  protecting  the  intellectual  property  rights  of others, as such the Group strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations in all situations that may use other people's intellectual property.

During the Reporting Period, there had been no cases that violate intellectual property rights.

## Customer Data Protection and Privacy

The Group understands the importance of protecting the privacy of customers and hence it stipulates all employees to keep business secrets in confidential. All employees acknowledge and  warrant  not  to  disclose  trade  secrets  and  other  confidential  data  and  information by  signing  the  employment  contract.  Important  information  and  data  are  managed  by  a dedicated  person,  and  registration  is  required  for  accessing  such  information  and  data. Employees violating confidentiality-related regulations can be dismissed.

The Group has complied with all applicable laws regarding confidential information and data protection  of  the  PRC.  No  substantiated  complaints  concerning  breaches  of  client  privacy, identified  leaks,  thefts,  or  losses  of  customer  information  was  received  during the Reporting Period.

## B7. Anti-corruption

The  Group  commits  to  manage  all  business  without  undue  influence  and  has  regarded honesty, integrity, and fairness as its core values. In order to strengthen internal management, create an honest corporate culture, and foster the awareness of honesty among employees, the  Group  proactively  engages  employees  of  different  management  levels  in  integrity promotion  activities,  which  covers  the  regulation  'Six  Prohibitions  and  Six  Bans'  developed by the Group. Senior employees of the group are required to sign a bribery agreement.

The 'Six Prohibitions and Six Bans' Regulation

| The 'Six Prohibitions'  -  Engaging  in  activities  unrelated  to  work  during  working  hours;  -  Offering advantages including service or favour to relatives  and friends by exercising right or power at work;  -  Receiving  kickbacks,  shares  or  performance  shares  of  Group-related corporates in the name of employee himself/  herself  or  a  person  with  specific  relationship  with  the  employee;  -  Conducting  deceitful,  fraudulent  or  anti-competitive  practices in bidding activities;  -  Causing  accidents  related  to  safety  production  and  environmental  protection  which  contribute  to  loss  and  damage to the Group due to negligence of duties; and  -  Engaging  in  activities  that  violate  the  national  laws  and  regulations, the Party rules or ethical standards.  The 'Six Bans'  -  Engaging in bribery;  -  Misappropriating  or  encroaching  on  Group-owned  properties;  -  Investing in or receiving shares or performance shares that  violates the regulations;  -  Engaging in corruption, embezzlement, and fraud;  -  Disclosing trade secrets; and  -  Involving in negligence of duties.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Furthermore,  the  Group  has  also  established  whistleblowing  policies  to  provide  clear guidelines  on  reporting  misconduct  in  the  workplace.  The  internal  rules  provide  various channels  for  filing  complaints  and  whistleblowing  to  prevent  non-compliant  business practices.  The  Group  has  complied  with  all  applicable  laws  on  prohibiting  corruption  and bribery of the PRC. There was no concluded legal case regarding corrupt practices brought against the Group or its employees during the Reporting Period.

To ensure that directors and its employees are familiar with relevant anti-corruption topics, all employees  of  the  Group  had  attended  anti-corruption  training  during  the  Reporting  Period, with an average training hour of 2.00 hours per employee.

## B8. Community Investment

Due  to  its  business  nature,  the  Group  did  not  have  any  specific  policies  in  relation  to community engagement and donation during the Reporting Period. However, employees are encouraged to participate in community projects and activities.

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr.  Bai  Zhaoxiang ,  aged  60,  is  a  college  graduate  majoring  in  industrial  accounting  and  a  senior accountant  in  the  PRC.  Mr.  Bai  has  over  30  years  of  experience  in  the  accounting  industry.  He  is currently  an  Executive  Director  responsible  for  all  accounting  and  financial  matters  of  the  Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bai worked as a financial controller of a foreign-invested enterprise in the PRC for approximately 13 years. Mr. Bai is a director of each of four subsidiaries of the Group.

Mr. Pan Mingfeng , aged 39, was appointed as an executive director of the Company in April 2021. He is also the General Manager of Yueda Commercial Factoring, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. He is responsible for setting, implementing the business development plan and for improving product design of commercial factoring business and development of new business. Mr. Pan graduated from Nanjing University of Posts and Telecommunications with a major in Economics. He has over 10 years of experience in finance and risk management.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Liu Debing , aged 53, was appointed as an executive director in March 2019 and re-designated as a non-executive Director and Chairman of the Board in June 2020. Mr. Liu graduated with a bachelor's degree  in  financial  accounting  from  Nanjing  University  of  Science  and  Technology  in  December 1992.  Mr.  Liu  is  an  intermediate  accountant  and  chartered  accountant.  Mr.  Liu  has  over  25  years  of experience  in  the  financial  accounting  industry.  Upon  graduation,  Mr.  Liu  worked  in  the  accounting and finance department of various companies in the PRC from July 2000 to April 2007. Subsequently, Mr.  Liu  worked  as  the  chief  financial  officer  at  Shanghai  Yueda  Real  Estate  Co.,  Ltd.  from  April  2007 to  September 2014, and at Shanghai Yueda New Industrial Group Co., Ltd. from September 2014 to January  2018.  Mr.  Liu  has  been  serving  as  the  head  of  finance  department  of  Jiangsu  Yueda  Group since  January  2018,  and  deputy  secretary,  general  manager  and  director  of  Yueda  Capital  Company Limited  since  January  2019,  which  owns  100%  of  issued  share  capital  of  Yueda  Capital  (HK)  Limited which in turn owns 51.34% issued share capital of the Company.

Mr.  Li  Biao ,  aged  56,  graduated  with  a  specialist  degree  in  pricing  from  Yancheng  Business  School in  July  1985,  and  in  political  economics  from  the  Party  School  of  the  Provincial  Party  Committee  in January 2004. Mr. Li has over 20 years of management experience. Mr. Li worked as the director of the Yancheng  Municipal  Communist  Youth  League  Committee  Office  from  November  1997  to  November 2003, and as a deputy director and, subsequently, a director in the Investment Promotion Bureau of the Yancheng Economic Development Zone from November 2003 to December 2006. He was appointed as a vice president of the Company from 2006 to 2009, a deputy general manager of Yueda Real Estate Group from June 2011 to August 2013, and the chairman and deputy secretary of the party committee of Yueda Real Estate Co., Ltd. from August 2013 to March 2017. Mr. Li has been serving as the party secretary and chairman of Yueda Real Estate Group Co., Ltd. since March 2017.

Mr.  Hu  Huaimin ,  aged  49,  was  appointed  as  an  executive  Director  of  the  Company  in  August  2011 and re-designated as a non-executive Director and Vice Chairman of the Board in June 2020. Mr. Hu graduated  from  the  Law  School  of  Nanjing  University  and  is  qualified  as  a  Chinese  lawyer  and  an economist.  He  has  over  20  years  of  experience  in  the  PRC  legal  practice,  corporate  legal  affairs, investment project operation and management. Mr. Hu is a director of each of four subsidiaries of the Group.

Mr.  Yu  Guangshan ,  aged  56,  was  appointed  as  a  non-executive  Director  of  the  Company  in  May 2022.  Mr.  Yu  graduated  with  a  bachelor's  degree  in  accounting  from  Dalian  University  of  Technology. Mr.  Yu  is  a  senior  accountant  as  credentialed  by  the  Department  of  Human  Resources  and  Social Security of Jiangsu Province （江蘇省人⼒資源和社會保障廳） .  Mr. Yu has over 20 years of experience in the financial accounting industry. Mr. Yu worked in the finance department of a company in the PRC from  August  1988  to  May  2000.  Subsequently,  Mr.  Yu  joined  Jiangsu  Yueda  Group  in  May  2000.  Mr. Yu  served  as  the  head  of  finance  department  of  Jiangsu  Yueda  Investment  Company  Limited  from July  2010 to November 2015, and has been a director and deputy general manager of Yueda Capital Company  Limited  since  December  2015.  Mr.  Yu  has  also  been  as  a  committee  member  of  Yueda Capital Company Limited since November 2020. Yueda Capital Company Limited owns 100% of issued share  capital  of  Yueda  Capital  (HK)  Limited  which  in  turn  owns  51.34%  issued  share  capital  of  the Company.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr.  Liu  Yongping ,  aged  67,  has  been  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the Company since June 2010. He is a consultant of a firm of solicitors in Hong Kong. Dr. Liu graduated from Renmin University of China （中國人民大學） in 1983 with a bachelor degree in law, and graduated from the University of London in 1987 with a master degree in law. In 1994, Dr. Liu graduated from the University of Oxford with a doctor of philosophy. Previously, Dr. Liu worked for the People's Government of Beijing. At present, Dr. Liu is a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong. Dr. Liu has profound knowledge in the  laws  of  the  PRC,  Hong  Kong  and  England.  Since  1994,  Dr.  Liu  has  embarked  in  areas  on  listing application for PRC based companies in Hong Kong and has been working on merger and acquisition. Dr. Liu is acquainted with matters concerning the Listing Rules. Dr. Liu is an independent non-executive Director of Wanjia Group Holdings Limited ((Stock code: 0401), a company with its shares being listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange).

Mr.  Cheung  Ting  Kee ,  aged  53,  has  been  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of the  Company since  July  2015.  He  has  over  27  years  of  working  experience  in  the  securities  industry including  equity  research,  equity  sales,  fund  management  and  corporate  finance.  Mr.  Cheung  is currently  the  sole  director  and  a  responsible  officer  of  a  Hong  Kong  company  being  a  corporation licensed  to  carry  out  type  6  (advising  on  corporate  finance)  regulated  activities  under  the  Securities and  Futures  Ordinance  ('SFO').  Mr.  Cheung  obtained  a  Bachelor  Degree  of  Business  Administration and  a  Master  Degree  in  Professional  Accounting.  He  is  a  fellow  member  of  the  Institute  of  Certified Management  Accountants,  Australia.  Mr.  Cheung  has  been  an  executive  director  of  Planetree International  Development  Limited  (stock  code:  0613),  with  shares  listed  on  Main  Board  of  the  Stock Exchange, since June 2022.

Ms.  Qian  Ying ,  aged  53,  has  been  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the Company  in  August  2022.  She  is  a  professor,  a  doctor  of  management  and  part-time  master  tutor of  Changzhou  University.  She  has  been  a  professor  and  the  vice  president  of  the  business  school  at Yancheng  Teachers  University  since  August  2018  and  October  2019  respectively.  She  is  a  leader  in middle-aged  and  young  science  and  technology  of  '333  Project' （ 333 工程） in  Jiangsu  Province,  a leader  in  the  academic  researches  by  middle-aged  and  young  scholars  in  the  'Excellence  Project' （青藍工程） in  Jiangsu  Province,  an  excellent  backbone  youth  teacher  in  the  'Excellence  Project' （青 藍工程） ,  and  an  innovative  entrepreneurial  leader  in  Yancheng  City.  She  has  published  more  than 30  essays  in  Chinese  Social  Sciences  Citation  Index  and  core  journals,  published  2  master  works, compiled  5  textbooks,  participated  in  2  national  social  science  funds,  and  presided  over  16  scientific research projects such as provincial social science funds. Ms. Qian has extensive practical experience in  securities,  finance,  cost  management,  etc.  She  has  provided  relevant  financial  and  management consulting  services  to  several  companies  including  Lianyungang  Dongsheng  Transformer  Company Limited  and  Suzhou  Mactuni  Environmental  Technology  Company  Limited,  and  has  provided  financial trainings in Jiangsu Province, with more than 1,000 participations.

## Directors' Report

The Board of Directors presents the annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31st December, 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company.  Its  principal  subsidiaries  are  engaged  in  factoring related business in the PRC. The analysis of revenue and segment information of the Group during the year is set out in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.

## RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The  results  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 64 of this annual report.

## DIVIDEND

The  Directors  do  not  recommend  the  payment  of  any  dividend  for  the  year  ended  31st  December, 2022.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A  summary of the results,  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  for  the  past  financial  years  is  set  out  on page 128 of this annual report.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31st December, 2022 are set out in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details  of  the  Company's  share  capital  as  at  31st  December,  2022  are  set  out  in  Note  25  to  the consolidated financial statements.

During the year, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries repurchased, sold or redeemed any of the shares in the Company.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

The  Company's  reserves  available  for  distribution  to  shareholders  as  at  31st  December,  2022,  which represent the share premium, contributed surplus and accumulated losses, were RMB179,451,000.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

Business  review  of  the  Company  and  a  discussion  and  analysis  of  the  Group's  performance  using financial  key  performance  indicators  during  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022  and  the  material factors  underlying  its  results  and  financial  position  are  set  out  in  the  Chairman's  Statement  and Management Discussion and Analysis on pages 3 to 11 of the Annual Report.

## PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINTIES

## 1. Credit risk

Credit risk is the primary risk that we face in our Factoring Operations. Credit risk arises from the inability  or  unwillingness of our customers, or the underlying debtors to make timely payments to us  and/or  to  perform  their  contractual  obligations.  Our  credit  risk  management  measures  were implemented to control credit risk. Details of the risk management measures are set out in pages 6 to 8 of Management Discussion and Analysis.

## 2. Interest rate risk

Interest  rate  risk  refers  to  the  risk  of  losses  in  the  Group's  overall  income  and  economic  value resulting  from  adverse  movements  in  interest  rates,  maturity  structure  and  other  factors.  Profit margins of the Group may be narrowed down as a result of the fluctuation in market interest rates. We primarily  manage  the  interest  rate  risk  through  balancing  the  repricing  periods  of  the  assets and its corresponding liabilities.

## 3. Operational risk

Operational risk refers to the risk of losses resulting from imperfect or problematic internal process, personnel  and  system  or  external  events.  We  control  or  reduce  operational  risks  by  establishing a  sound  internal  control  system  and  management  system,  cultivating  employees  to  develop good professional ethics, continuously improving the process of Factoring Operation, formulating rigorous and meticulous commercial factoring contracts, and establishing an advanced information management system.

## 4. Liquidity risk

Liquidity  risk  refers  to  the  risk  of  us  not  having  sufficient  funds  to  meet  our  liabilities  as  they  fall due. This may arise from mismatch in amount or duration in respect of the maturity of our financial assets and liabilities. The duration of most of our factoring transactions are less than a year. Our target of liquidity risk management is to maintain moderate liquidity reserves and sufficient funding resources  to  adequately  meet  the  repayment  needs  of  matured  liabilities  and  the  funding  needs of  business  development,  and  to  achieve  a  higher  profit  margins  level  and  control  the  liquidity management costs on conditions that liquidity risks have been well managed.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

As  an  environmentally  responsible  company,  the  Group  is  committed  to  continuously  cling  to environmental protection and observe the concept of sustainable development. Being part of a leading state-owned  enterprise  in  China,  the  Group  attaches  great  importance  to  corporate  integrity  and production safety while emphasising social responsibility.

More  information  of  the  Group's  environmental  performance  is  set  out  in  the  section  headed 'Environmental, Social and Governance Report' on pages 24 to 44.

## RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS

The  Group  believes  that  employees  are  important  assets  and  provides  competitive  remuneration packages to attract and retain employees. The management regularly reviews the Group's remuneration to its employees is up to prevailing market standard.

The Group values mutually beneficial long standing relationships with its customers. The Group aims at developing on mutual trust among its customers.

## DIRECTORS

The directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

Non-executive directors

Mr. Liu Debing (Chairman of the Board)

Mr. Li Biao

Mr. Hu Huaimin (Vice Chairman of the Board)

Mr. Yu Guangshan (appointed on 23rd May, 2022)

Executive directors

Mr. Bai Zhaoxiang

Mr. Pan Mingfeng

Mr. Cai Baoxiang (resigned on 23rd May, 2022)

Independent non-executive directors

Dr. Liu Yongping

Mr. Cheung Ting Kee

Ms. Qian Ying (appointed on 18th August, 2022)

Mr. Cui Shuming (retired on 20th May, 2022)

In  accordance with article 108(A) of the Company's articles of association, Mr. Liu Debing, Mr. Li Biao and Dr. Liu Yongping will retire by rotation and being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

In  accordance  with  article  112  of  the  Company's  articles  of  association,  Mr.  Yu  Guangshan  and  Ms. Qian Ying whose appointment as director of the Company took effect from 23rd May, 2022 and 18th August, 2022 respectively shall hold office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election at such meeting.

## CONFIRMATION BY INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The  Company  has  received,  from  each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  an  annual confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the year, no Directors or their associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) had any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly,  with  the  business  of  the Group.

## DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

The  basis  of  determining  the  remuneration  payable  to  the  Directors  is  set  out  in  the  Corporate Governance Report on page 20 of the annual report. Details of Directors' remuneration are set out in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors (including those being proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company) has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

The term of office of each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors is the period up to his retirement by rotation as required by the Company's articles of association.

## DIRECTORS' BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 45 to 47 of the annual report.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as disclosed under the section headed 'Share Options' in page 53 of the annual report, no equitylinked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OR ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATION OF THE COMPANY

As at 31st December, 2022, the interests of each Director and their associates in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of  the  SFO,  which  were  required  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions in which he was deemed or  taken  to  have  under  such  provisions  of  the  SFO),  or  which  were  required,  pursuant  to  section  352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register maintained by the Company referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code contained in the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:

| Name  Name of the  Company/associated  corporation  Capacity  Number of  ordinary  shares  Approximate  percentage of  issued share  capital of the  Company  (Note i)  (Note ii)  Hu Huaimin  The Company  Beneficial Owner  1,130,666 (L)  0.10%  Li Biao  The Company  Beneficial Owner  690,640 (L)  0.06%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- i. The letter 'L' represents the Director's long position in the ordinary shares of the Company.
- ii. The percentage of issued share capital of  the  Company is  calculated  by  reference  to  1,168,626,516  shares  in  issue  as  at 31st December, 2022.

Other  than  as  disclosed  above  and  in  this  annual  report,  none  of  the  Directors,  chief  executives  nor their  associates  had  any  interests  or  short  positions  in  any  shares,  underlying  shares  or  debenture  of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 31st December, 2022.

## SHARE OPTIONS

Pursuant  to  a  resolution  passed  on  20th  May,  2021,  a  share  option  scheme  (the  'Scheme')  was adopted.  The  Scheme  is  for  the  primary  purpose  of  providing  incentives  or  rewards  to  selected participants  for  their  contribution  to  the  Group.  The  Scheme  is  valid  for  10  years  from  the  date  of  its adoption. Under the Scheme, the Directors may, at their discretion, invite any person belonging to any of the following classes of participants to take up options to subscribe for shares in the Company:

- (a) any employee (whether full time or part time) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any entity in  which the Group holds an equity interest ('Invested Entity'), including any executive Director of the Company, any of such subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;
- (b) any non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;
- (c) any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (d) any customer of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (e) any  person  or  entity  that  provides  research,  development  or  other  technological  support  to  the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (f) any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued by any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (g) any  adviser  (professional  or  otherwise)  or  consultant  to  any  area  of  business  or  business development of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity; and
- (h) any  other  group  or  classes  of  participants  who  have  contributed  or  may  contribute  by  way  of joint  venture,  business  alliance  or  other  business  arrangement  to  the  development  and  growth of  the  Group and, for the purposes of the Scheme, the offer of share options may be granted to any  company  wholly  owned  by  one  or  more  persons  belonging  to  any  of  the  above  classes  of participants.

For the avoidance of doubt, the grant of any options by the Company for the subscription of shares in the Company or other securities of the Group to any person who fall within any of the above classes of participants shall not, solely by itself, unless the directors otherwise determine, be construed as a grant of option under the Scheme.

The basis of eligibility  of  any  of  the  above  classes  of  participants  to  the  grant  of  any  options  shall  be determined by the directors from time to time.

The total  number  of  the  Company's  shares  which  may  be  issued  upon  the  exercise  of  all  the  options to  be  granted  under  the  Scheme  and  any  other  share  option  schemes  of  the  Company  must  not,  in aggregate, exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of approval of the adoption  of  the  Scheme  initially.  The  maximum  number  of  the  Company's  shares  to  be  issued  upon the  exercise  of  share  options  that  may  be  granted  under  the  Scheme  under  such  initial  mandate  limit is  116,862,651  shares  of  the  Company.  The  Company  may  seek  approval  of  the  shareholders  of  the Company in general meetings to refresh the 10% initial mandate limit. Notwithstanding that the mandate limit may be refreshed, the board of directors of the Company shall not grant options which would result in the maximum aggregate number of the Company's shares which may be issued upon exercise of all the outstanding options granted but yet to be exercised under the Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company which entitle the holders to acquire or subscribe for the Company's shares exceeding, in aggregate, 30% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.

The subscription price for shares under the Scheme shall be a price determined by the Directors, but shall not be less than the higher of (i) the closing price of the shares of the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations on the date of the offer for grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares  of  the  Company  as  stated  in  the  daily  quotations  of  the  Stock  Exchange  for  the  five  business days immediately preceding the date of the offer for grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the shares of the Company.

As at 31st December, 2022, no outstanding share options under the Scheme.

## ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Other  than  the  Scheme  disclosed  above,  at  no  time  during  the  year  was  the  Company,  or  any  of  its holding  companies,  subsidiaries  and  fellow  subsidiaries,  a  party  to  any  arrangement  to  enable  the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate. Further, save for the Scheme, the Group had not issued or granted any convertible securities, options, warrants or other similar rights during the year. As at 31st December, 2022, the Group had no redeemable securities.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

No contracts of significance, to which the Company, or any of its holding companies, subsidiaries and fellow  subsidiaries  was  a  party  and  in  which  a  Director  of  the  Company  or  his/her  connected  entities had  a  material  interest,  whether  directly  or  indirectly,  subsisted  at  the  end  of  the  year  or  at  any  time during the year.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTION AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

The  following  are  the  continuing  connected  transactions  that  took  place  during  the  year  ended  31st December, 2022.

## Reverse  Factoring  agreement  ('Reverse  Factoring  Agreement')  with  YDRE  and  its project companies

On  22nd  September,  2020,  Yueda  Commercial  Factoring,  an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the Company entered into a reverse factoring agreement (the 'Reverse Factoring Agreement') with Yueda Real  Estate  Group  Company  Limited  ('YDRE')  and  the  Project  Companies  of  YDRE.  The  Reverse Factoring  Agreement  is  a  master  agreement  which  sets  out  the  principles  upon  which  detailed  terms of the definitive agreements are to be determined. Definitive factoring agreements shall be entered into between Yueda Commercial Factoring and the Project Companies upon the grant of the factoring loans and detailed terms, including the interest rate and factoring management fees (collectively, the 'Interest and  Fees'),  the  term  of  the  factoring  loan  and  the  repayment  schedule  of  each  transaction  will  be determined in accordance with the principles set out in the Reverse Factoring Agreement. Pursuant to the  Reverse  Factoring  Agreement,  Yueda  Commercial  Factoring  offered  a  reverse  revolving  credit  limit of RMB180,000,000, which is to be shared among the Project Companies and the Annual Interest and Fees shall range from 9.5% to 10.5% of the loan principal. The available period of the factoring facilities is  from  1st  October,  2020  to  30th  September  2023.  YDRE  guarantees  the  repayment  by  Project Companies. As approximately 66.36% of the issued shares of YDRE is owned by Yue Da Group (H.K.) Co.,  Limited  ('YDHK'),  which  is  a  shareholder  of  the  Company  and  accordingly  YDRE  is  a  connected party.  These  transactions  constituted  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the  Company  and  are subject  to  announcement  and  reporting  requirements  under  Chapter  14A  of  the  Listing  Rules,  details of  which  were  disclosed  in  the  announcement  of  the  Company  dated  22nd  September,  2020.  During the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  the  total  interest  income  and  fee  income  of  RMB8,574,000 and RMB2,861,000 under the Reverse Factoring Agreement were recorded and loans with total gross amount of RMB170,801,000 were granted under the Reverse Factoring Agreement.

Pursuant  to  Rule  14A.56  of  the  Listing  Rules,  the  Board  engaged  the  auditor  of  the  Company  to perform  certain  agreed-upon  procedures  in  respect  of  the  continuing  connected  transactions  of  the Group.  The  Company's  auditor  has  reported  the  factual  findings  on  these  procedures  to  the  Board. The Company also engaged a professional internal control  consultant  to  review  continuing  connected transactions and the relevant internal control procedures. Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the report  of  the  auditor  and  have  confirmed  that  the  transactions  were  entered  into  by  the  Group  in  the ordinary course of its business; on normal commercial terms, or on terms no less favourable than terms available to or from (as the case may be) independent third parties, and in accordance with the terms of the agreements governing such transactions that were fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

Details of the above continuing connected transactions and other discloseable connected transactions are set out in Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

## CONTROLLING AND SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' AND OTHER PERSONS' INTEREST

The register of controlling and substantial shareholders maintained by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO shows that as at 31st December, 2022, the following shareholders had an interest of 5% or more in the issued share capital of the Company:

| Name  Name of the  company/  associated  corporation  Capacity  Number of  issued ordinary  shares held  Percentage of the  issued share capital  of the Company  (Note i)  (Note ii)  Yueda Capital (HK) Limited  ('Yue Da Capital HK')  The Company  Beneficial owner  600,000,000 (L)  51.34%  YDHK  The Company  Beneficial owner  208,979,333 (L)  17.88%  Yueda Capital Company  Limited (Note iii)  The Company  Interest of a controlled  corporation  600,000,000 (L)  51.34%  Jiangsu Yue Da Group  Company Limited (Note iii)  The Company  Interest of a controlled  corporation  808,979,333 (L)  69.22%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) The letter 'L' represents the entity's long positions in the shares.

- (ii) The percentage of issued share capital of  the  Company is  calculated  by  reference  to  1,168,626,516  shares  in  issue  as  at 31st December, 2022.
- (iii) Jiangsu  Yue  Da  Group  Company  Limited  holds  100%  interests  in  YDHK  and  61.03%  interests  in  Yueda  Capital  Company Limited  which  holds  100%  interest  in  Yue  Da  Capital  HK  and  is  accordingly  deemed  to  be  interested  in  the  shares  of  the Company beneficially owned by YDHK and Yue Da Capital HK under the SFO.

Other than as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other persons who as at 31st December, 2022, had interests of 5% or more in any shares or underlying shares of the Company.

## OTHER DIRECTORS' INTEREST

As at the date of this report, the following Directors were also a director or an employee of the following companies,  each  of  which  had  or  was  deemed  to  have  an  interest  or  short  position  in  the  shares  or underlying  shares  in  respect  of  equity  derivatives  of  the  Company  which  would  fall  to  be  disclosed  to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:

| Name of Director  Name of substantial  shareholder of the Company  Position in substantial  shareholder of the Company  Mr. Liu Debing  Yue Da Capital HK  Director  Yueda Capital Company Limited  Director  Mr. Li Biao  YDHK  Director  Mr. Yu Guangshan  Yueda Capital Company Limited  Director   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The  aggregate  sales  attributable  to  the  Group's  five  largest  customers  during  the  year  accounted  for approximately 21.2% of the Group's total revenue and the largest customer accounted for approximately 5.5% of the Group's total revenue.

The Group is principally engaged in the provision of factoring services, accounts receivable management and  collection  services  and  accounts  receivable  consultancy  services.  The  Group  does  not  have  any major suppliers.

So  far  is  known  to  the  Board,  except  for  project  companies  of  YDRE,  which  is  a  subsidiary  of  the ultimate  controlling  shareholder  of  the  Company,  details  are  set  out  in  'Connected  Transaction  and Continuing  Connected  Transactions'  in  the  Directors'  Report,  the  Directors,  their  associates  and substantial  shareholders  of  the  Company  did  not  have  any  interest  in  the  suppliers  or  customers  as disclosed above as at 31st December, 2022.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association, every Director shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto.

The  Company  has  arranged  appropriate  directors'  and  officers'  liability  insurance  coverage  for  the Directors and officers of the Group throughout the year.

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

The emolument policy of the employees of the Group is set up by the Remuneration Committee on the basis of the employees' merit, qualifications and competence.

The Company has adopted a share option scheme as an incentive for directors and eligible employees. Details of the scheme are set out in the section headed 'Share Options' in this annual report.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company's articles of association, or the laws of  the  Cayman  Islands,  which  would  oblige  the  Company  to  offer  new  shares  on  a  pro  rata  basis  to existing shareholders.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

The Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the year ended 31st December, 2022.

## REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  repurchased,  sold  or  redeemed  any  of  the  listed securities of the Company during the year.

## AUDITOR

The  financial  statements  of  the  Company  for  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022  were  audited  by Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. A resolution will be submitted to the annual general meeting to reappoint Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.

On behalf of the Board

## Liu Debing

CHAIRMAN

Hong Kong 31st March, 2023

## Deloitte

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF YUE DA INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 悅 達國際控股有限公司

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Yue  Da  International  Holdings  Limited  (the 'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  'the  Group')  set  out  on  pages  64  to  127, which  comprise  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31st  December,  2022,  and  the consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income,  consolidated  statement  of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31st December, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and  its  consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial Reporting  Standards  ('HKFRSs')  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants ('HKICPA')  and  have  been  properly  prepared  in  compliance  with  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTER

Key audit matter is that matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming  our  opinion  thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.

## Key audit matter

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

## Impairment assessment of factoring receivables

We  identified  the  impairment  assessment  of factoring  receivables  as  a  key  audit  matter due  to  its  significance  to  the  consolidated financial statements as a whole, and the use of judgement exercised by the management of the Group  in  estimating  the  expected  credit  losses ('ECL') on factoring receivables.

The  carrying  amount  of  factoring  receivables was  approximately  RMB763,635,000,  net  of impairment allowance of RMB15,941,000, as at 31st  December,  2022  and  which  represented approximately  84.4%  of  the  total  assets.  As disclosed  in  Note  16  to  the  consolidated financial  statements,  as  at  31  December  2022, the  carrying  amount  of  traditional  factoring receivables  and  communications  factoring r e c e i v a b l e s   was  RMB374,913,000  and RMB388,722,000, respectively.

As  disclosed  in  Note  4  to  the  consolidated f i n a n c i a l   statements,  in  performing  the impairment assessment of factoring receivables, the  ECL  of  the  factoring  receivables  were assessed  by  the  management  after  taking into  account  of  the  historical  loss  experience, collaterals  and  guarantees  that  are  integral  to the  contractual  terms,  financial  condition  of borrowers  for  the  probability  of  default  and loss  given  default,  as  well  as  forward-looking information.

Our  procedures  in  relation  to  the  impairment assessment of factoring receivables included:

- Obtaining an understanding of the management's methodology  for  determining  allowance  for impairment on factoring receivables;
- Evaluating  the  reasonableness  of  the management's  assessment  of  the  internal credit  rating  and  basis  of  estimated  loss rates  applied  to  the  individual  assessment on  traditional  factoring  receivables  or  to  the collective  assessment  on  communications factoring receivables, on a sample basis;
- Engaging  our  internal  valuation  specialist  to evaluate the appropriateness of the significant assumptions used in the ECL model, including probability  of  default,  loss  given  default  and forward-looking information on a sample basis; and
- Assessing the appropriateness of source data, on a sample basis, used in the ECL model.

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report  that  includes  our  opinion  solely  to  you,  as  a  body,  in  accordance  with  our  agreed  terms  of engagement.  We  do  not  assume  responsibility  towards  or  accept  liability  to  any  other  person  for  the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with  HKSAs  will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgment  and  maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit procedures  that  are  appropriate  in  the  circumstances,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements, including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  represent  the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We  communicate  with  those  charged  with  governance  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the  planned scope  and  timing  of  the  audit  and  significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters  that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and  where  applicable,  actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  those  charged  with  governance,  we  determine  those  matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore  the  key  audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in  extremely  rare  circumstances, we  determine  that  a  matter  should  not  be  communicated  in  our  report  because  the  adverse consequences  of  doing  so  would  reasonably  be  expected  to  outweigh  the  public  interest  benefits  of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor's report is Leung Po Shan.

## Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong 31st March, 2023

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  5  Income from traditional factoring business  26,883  36,850  Income from communications factoring business  75,735  21,442  102,618  58,292  Other income  319  1,174  Other gains and losses, net  6  9,939  8,856  Gain from fair value changes of financial assets at  fair value through profit or loss  6,984  -  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,  net of reversal  33  (2,988)  (7,117)  Guarantee and service fees for communications  factoring business  (30,311)  (9,623)  Staff costs  (9,279)  (9,755)  Depreciation expenses  (710)  (506)  Other expenses  (7,197)  (8,982)  Finance costs  8  (18,735)  (4,567)  Profit before tax  50,640  27,772  Income tax expense  9  (20,097)  (12,658)  Profit and total comprehensive income for the year  10  30,543  15,114  Profit and total comprehensive income for the year  attributable to owners of the Company  30,543  15,114  Earnings per share  11  - Basic  RMB2.61 cents  RMB1.29 cents   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

At 31st December, 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current Assets  Property, plant and equipment  13  160  262  Right-of-use assets  14  613  1,209  Deferred tax assets  24  3,985  3,238  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  15  89,752  -  Factoring receivables and other assets  16  143,505  197,869  238,015  202,578  Current Assets  Factoring receivables and other assets  16  632,907  474,294  Amounts due from related parties  17  7,933  6,417  Cash and cash equivalents  18  26,267  24,454  667,107  505,165  Current Liabilities  Other payables and liabilities  19  14,639  13,467  Amounts due to related parties  17  72,055  233,403  Amounts due to directors  20  609  631  Taxation payable  4,845  1,119  Bank and other borrowings  21  90,000  50,000  Obligations arising from asset-backed  financing arrangements  22  213,665  -  Lease liabilities  23  541  539  Contract liabilities  -  3,531  396,354  302,690  Net Current Assets  270,753  202,475  Total Assets Less Current Liabilities  508,768  405,053   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31st December, 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  RMB'000  RMB'000  Capital and Reserves  Share capital  25  105,965  105,965  Reserves  319,437  288,894  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  425,402  394,859  Non-current Liabilities  Obligations arising from asset-backed  financing arrangements  22  66,864  -  Lease liabilities  23  210  746  Deferred tax liabilities  24  16,292  9,448  83,366  10,194  508,768  405,053   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements on pages 64 to 127 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31st March, 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:

| Yu Guangshan  Pan Mingfeng  DIRECTOR  DIRECTOR   |
|--------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

| ## Attributable to owners of the Company  Share  capital  Share  premium  Non-  distributable  reserves  Special  reserve  Capital  contribution  Accumulated  losses  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Note i)  (Note ii)  (Note iii)  At 1st January, 2021  105,965  967,576  6,027  157,178  23,949  (880,950)  379,745  Profit and total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  -  -  15,114  15,114  Transfer  -  -  3,378  -  -  (3,378)  -  At 31st December, 2021  105,965  967,576  9,405  157,178  23,949  (869,214)  394,859  Profit and total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  -  -  30,543  30,543  Transfer  -  -  4,492  -  -  (4,492)  -  At 31st December, 2022  105,965  967,576  13,897  157,178  23,949  (843,163)  425,402   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (i) The  non-distributable  reserves  represent  statutory  reserves  appropriated  from  the  profit  after  tax  of  the  Company's subsidiaries established in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC') under the PRC laws and regulations.
- (ii) The special reserve represents the difference between the nominal value of the share capital issued by the Company and the nominal value of the share capital of the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2001 and the surplus arising on the capitalisation of an amount payable to a fellow subsidiary as part of the group reorganisation.
- (iii) The  capital  contribution  represents  deemed  contribution  from  the  ultimate  parent  and  a  shareholder  arising  from  certain transactions with the Company in prior years.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Profit before tax  50,640  27,772  Adjustments for:  Finance costs  18,735  4,567  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  99  65  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  611  441  Gain on remeasurement of financial  guarantee contracts  (9,854)  -  Gain from fair value changes of financial assets  at fair value through profit or loss  (6,984)  -  Impairment losses under expected  credit loss model, net of reversal  2,988  7,117  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  3  -  Interest income from bank deposits  (308)  (382)  Interest income from pledged bank deposits  -  (785)  Net foreign exchange gain  (88)  (8,856)  Operating cash flows before movements  in working capital  55,842  29,939  Increase in factoring receivables  (98,811)  (153,129)  Decrease in other assets  1,428  228  Increase in other payables  691  795  Decrease in contract liabilities  (3,531)  (4,395)  CASH USED IN OPERATIONS  (44,381)  (126,562)  Income tax paid  (10,274)  (12,119)  NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES  (54,655)  (138,681)  INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Subscription of financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  (70,882)  -  Advance to related parties  (1,156)  (2,195)  Interest received from bank deposits  308  382  Interest received from pledged bank deposits  -  785  Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits  -  217,500  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  -  (271)  NET CASH (USED IN) FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  (71,730)  216,201   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Obligations arising from asset-backed  financing arrangements raised  523,571  -  Advance from related parties  142,679  613,000  New bank and other borrowings raised  90,000  70,000  Advance from directors  544  1,019  Repayment to a related party  (303,847)  (384,907)  Repayment of obligations arising from  asset-backed financing arrangements  (254,928)  -  Repayment of bank borrowings  (50,000)  (367,429)  Interest paid on obligations arising from  asset-backed financing arrangements  (15,948)  -  Interest paid on bank and other borrowings  and lease liabilities  (2,787)  (4,567)  Repayment to directors  (566)  (914)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (549)  (341)  NET CASH FROM (USED IN)  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  128,169  (74,139)  NET INCREASE IN CASH AND  CASH EQUIVALENTS  1,784  3,381  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  29  13  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  AT BEGINNING OF YEAR  24,454  21,060  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR  represented by bank balances and cash  26,267  24,454   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

The  Company  is  incorporated  and  registered  as  an  exempted  company  in  the  Cayman  Islands under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands with limited liability. The shares of the Company are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange'). The Company's parent is Yueda Capital (HK) Limited ('Yue Da Capital HK'), a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability, and the Company's ultimate parent is Jiangsu Yue Da Group Company Limited ('Jiangsu  Yue  Da'),  a  state-owned  enterprise  established  with  limited  liability  in  the  PRC.  The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the corporate information of the annual report.

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company.  The  principal  activity  of  its  subsidiaries  is Factoring Business (as defined in Note 5).

As  all  of  the  Group's  operations  are  in  the  PRC,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  are presented in Renminbi ('RMB'), which is also the functional currency of the Company.

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs')

## 2.1  Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

In  the  current  year,  the  Group  has  applied  the  following  amendments  to  HKFRSs  issued  by the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA')  for  the  first  time,  which are mandatorily effective for the Group's annual period beginning on 1st January, 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  Amendment to HKFRS 16  Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30th June, 2021  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use  Amendments to HKAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract  Amendments to HKFRSs  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group's financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') - CONTINUED

## 2.2  New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The  Group  has  not  early  applied  the  following  new  and  amendments  to  HKFRSs  that  have been issued but are not yet effective:

| HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and February 2022 Amendments to HKFRS 17) Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 Amendments to HKFRS 16 Amendments to HKAS 1 Amendments to HKAS 1 Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments to HKAS 8 Amendments to HKAS 12  Insurance Contracts 1  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 2  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 3  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and  related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 3  Non-current liabilities with Covenants 3  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1  Definition of Accounting Estimates 1  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January, 2023

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined

3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1st January, 2024

Except for the amendments to HKFRSs below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

## (a) Amendments  to  HKAS  1  Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or  Noncurrent  and  related  amendments  to  Hong  Kong  Interpretation  5  (2020)  (the '2020  Amendments')  and  Amendments  to  HKAS  1  Non-current  Liabilities  with Covenants (the '2022 Amendments')

The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of  right  to  defer  settlement  for  at  least  twelve  months  from  reporting  date  for classification of liabilities as current or non-current, which:

- clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the transfer of the entity's own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current or non-current only if the entity recognises the  option  separately  as  an  equity  instrument  applying  HKAS  32  Financial Instruments: Presentation .

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') - CONTINUED

## 2.2  New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective - Continued

- (a) Amendments  to  HKAS  1  Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or  Noncurrent  and  related  amendments  to  Hong  Kong  Interpretation  5  (2020)  (the '2020  Amendments')  and  Amendments  to  HKAS  1  Non-current  Liabilities  with Covenants (the '2022 Amendments') - Continued
- specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights  that  are  in  existence  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Specifically,  the amendments clarify that the classification should not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the liability within 12 months.

For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are conditional on the compliance with covenants, the requirements introduced by the 2020 Amendments  have  been  modified  by  the  2022  Amendments.  The  2022  Amendments specify that only covenants with which an entity is required to comply with on or before the end of the reporting period affect the entity's right to defer settlement of a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date. Covenants which are required to comply with only after the reporting period do not affect whether that right exists at the end of the reporting period.

In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables users of financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within twelve months after the reporting period, if the entity classify liabilities  arising  from  loan  arrangements as non-current when the entity's right to defer settlement  of  those  liabilities  is  subject  to  the  entity  complying  with  covenants  within twelve months after the reporting period.

The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to  annual  reporting  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1st  January,  2024.  The  2022 Amendments,  together  with  the  2020  Amendments,  are  effective  for  annual  reporting periods beginning on or after 1st January, 2024, with early application permitted. If an entity  applies  the  2020  Amendments  for  an  earlier  period  after  the  issue  of  the  2022 Amendments, the entity should also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

The application of the 2020 and 2022 Amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group's liabilities.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') - CONTINUED

## 2.2  New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective - Continued

## (b) Amendments  to  HKAS  1  and  HKFRS  Practice  Statement  2  Disclosure  of Accounting Policies

HKAS 1 is amended to replace all instances of the term 'significant accounting policies' with  'material  accounting  policy  information'.  Accounting  policy  information  is  material if,  when  considered  together  with  other  information  included  in  an  entity's  financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

The  amendments  also  clarify  that  accounting  policy  information  may  be  material because  of  the  nature  of  the  related  transactions,  other  events  or  conditions,  even  if the  amounts  are  immaterial.  However,  not  all  accounting  policy  information  relating  to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose  immaterial  accounting  policy  information,  such  information  must  not  obscure material accounting policy information.

HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements  (the 'Practice Statement') is  also  amended  to  illustrate  how  an  entity  applies  the  'four-step  materiality  process' to accounting policy disclosures and to judge whether information about an accounting policy  is  material  to  its  financial  statements.  Guidance  and  examples  are  added  to  the Practice Statement.

The  application  of  the  amendments  is  not  expected  to  have  significant  impact  on the  financial  position  or  performance  of  the  Group  but  may  affect  the  disclosures  of the  Group's  significant  accounting  policies.  The  impacts  of  application,  if  any,  will  be disclosed in the Group's future consolidated financial statements.

## (c) Amendments to HKAS 8 Definition of Accounting Estimates

The  amendments  define  accounting  estimates  as  'monetary  amounts  in  financial statements  that  are  subject  to  measurement  uncertainty'.  An  accounting  policy  may require items in financial statements to be measured in a way that involves measurement uncertainty  -  that  is,  the  accounting  policy  may  require  such  items  to  be  measured  at monetary  amounts  that  cannot  be  observed  directly  and  must  instead  be  estimated. In  such  a  case,  an  entity  develops  an  accounting  estimate  to  achieve  the  objective set  out  by  the  accounting  policy.  Developing  accounting  estimates  involves  the  use  of judgements or assumptions based on the latest available, reliable information.

In addition, the concept of changes in accounting estimates in HKAS 8 is retained with additional clarifications.

The  application  of  the  amendments  is  not  expected  to  have  significant  impact  on  the Group's consolidated financial statements.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') - CONTINUED

## 2.2  New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective - Continued

## (d) Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

The  amendments  narrow  the  scope  of  the  recognition  exemption  of  deferred  tax liabilities  and  deferred  tax  assets  in  paragraphs  15  and  24  of  HKAS  12 Income  Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

As disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, for leasing transactions in  which  the  tax  deductions  are  attributable  to  the  lease  liabilities,  the  Group  applies HKAS  12  requirements  to  the  relevant  assets  and  liabilities  separately.  Temporary differences on initial recognition of the relevant assets and liabilities are not recognised due to application of the initial recognition exemption.

Upon  the  application  of  the  amendments,  the  Group  will  recognise  a  deferred  tax asset (to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the  deductible  temporary  difference  can  be  utilised)  and  a  deferred  tax  liability  for  all deductible  and  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with  the  right-of-use  assets and the lease liabilities

The amendments are effective for the Group's annual reporting period beginning on 1st January, 2023. As at 31st December, 2022, the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and  lease  liabilities  which  are  subject  to  the  amendments  amounted  to  RMB613,000 and  RMB751,000  respectively.  The  applicable  for  the  amendments  is  not  expected  to have significant impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 3.1  Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs issued by HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information  is  considered  material  if  such  information  is  reasonably  expected  to  influence decisions  made  by  primary  users.  In  addition,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange ('Listing Rules') and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

During the current year, the directors of the Company changed the presentation method for the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Expenses are analysed  by  nature  as  this  presentation  better  represents  the  financial  performance  of  the Group. Comparative figures have been re-presented accordingly.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.1  Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements - Continued

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability in  an  orderly  transaction  between  market  participants  at  the  measurement  date,  regardless of  whether  that  price  is  directly  observable  or  estimated  using  another  valuation  technique. In  estimating  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  or  a  liability,  the  Group  takes  into  account  the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into  account  when  pricing  the  asset  or  liability  at  the  measurement  date.  Fair  value  for measurement  and/or  disclosure  purposes  in  these  consolidated  financial  statements  is determined  on  such  a  basis,  except  for  share-based  payment  transactions  that  are  within the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 Inventories  or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

In  addition,  for  financial  reporting  purposes,  fair  value  measurements  are  categorised  into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable  and  the  significance  of  the  inputs  to  the  fair  value  measurement  in  its  entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level  1  inputs  are  quoted  prices  (unadjusted)  in  active  markets  for  identical  assets  or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;
- Level  2  inputs  are  inputs,  other  than  quoted  prices  included  within  Level  1,  that  are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies

## Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  incorporate  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company and  entities  controlled  by  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries.  Control  is  achieved  when  the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The  Group  reassesses  whether  or  not  it  controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

When the Group is an investor  of  a  fund  in  which  the  Group  also  acts  as  a  fund  manager, the  Group  will  determine  whether  it  is  a  principal  or  an  agent  for  the  purpose  of  assessing whether the Group controls the relevant fund.

An agent is  a  party  primarily  engaged  to  act  on  behalf  and  for  the  benefit  of  another  party or  parties  (the  principal(s))  and  therefore  does  not  control  the  investee  when  it  exercises  its decision-making  authority.  In  determining  whether  the  Group  is  an  agent  to  the  fund,  the Group would assess:

- the scope of its decision-making authority over the investee;
- the rights held by other parties;
- the remuneration to which it is entitled in accordance with the remuneration agreements; and
- the decision maker's exposure to variability of returns from other interests that it holds in the investee.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases  when  the  Group  loses  control  of  the  subsidiary.  Specifically,  income  and  expenses of  a  subsidiary  acquired  or  disposed  of  during  the  year  are  included  in  the  consolidated statement of profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  from  the  date  the  Group  gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Basis of consolidation - Continued

Profit  or  loss  and  each  item  of  other  comprehensive  income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is  attributed  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  interests  even  if  this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

When necessary,  adjustments  are  made  to  the  financial  statements  of  subsidiaries  to  bring their accounting policies in line with the Group's accounting policies.

All  intragroup  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

## Leases

## Definition of a lease

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

For contracts entered into on or modified or after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 or arising from business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

## The Group as a lessee

## Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

For  a  contract  that  contains  a  lease  component  and  one  or  more  additional  lease  or  nonlease  components,  the  Group  allocates  the  consideration  in  the  contract  to  each  lease component  on  the  basis  of  the  relative  stand-alone  price  of  the  lease  component  and  the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

Non-lease  components  are  separated  from  lease  component  and  are  accounted  for  by applying other applicable standards.

## Short-term leases

The  Group  applies  the  short-term  lease  recognition  exemption  to  leases  that  have  a  lease term  of  12  months  or  less  from  the  commencement  date  and  do  not  contain  a  purchase option.  Lease  payments  on  short-term  leases  are  recognised  as  expense  on  a  straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Leases - Continued

The Group as a lessee - Continued

Right-of-use assets

The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

- the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
- any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date,  less  any  lease incentives received;
- any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by  the  Group  in  dismantling  and  removing  the underlying  assets,  restoring  the  site  on  which  it  is  located  or  restoring  the  underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

Right-of-use  assets  in  which  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  obtain  ownership  of  the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straightline basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

Refundable rental deposits

Refundable  rental  deposits  paid  are  accounted  under  HKFRS  9  and  initially  measured  at fair  value.  Adjustments  to  fair  value  at  initial  recognition  are  considered  as  additional  lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement  date  of  a  lease,  the  Group  recognises  and  measures  the  lease liability at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Leases - Continued

The Group as a lessee - Continued

Lease liabilities - Continued

The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable.

After  the  commencement  date,  lease  liabilities  are  adjusted  by  interest  accretion  and  lease payments.

The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

Lease modifications

The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

- the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and
- the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the standalone  price  for  the  increase  in  scope  and  any  appropriate  adjustments  to  that  standalone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the  lease  liability  based  on  the  lease  term  of  the  modified  lease  by  discounting  the  revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

The  Group  accounts  for  the  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  by  making  corresponding adjustments to the relevant right-of-use asset.

When the  modified  contract  contains  a  lease  component  and  one  or  more  additional  lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Foreign currencies

In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other  than  the  functional  currency  of  that  entity  (foreign  currencies)  are  recognised  at  the rates  of  exchanges  prevailing  on  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  At  the  end  of  the  reporting period,  monetary  items  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the  rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition,  construction  or  production  of qualifying  assets,  which  are  assets  that  necessarily  take  a  substantial  period  of  time  to  get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

All  other  borrowing  costs  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  they  are incurred.

## Employee benefit

## Retirement benefit costs

Payments  to  state-managed  retirement  benefit  schemes  and  Mandatory  Provident  Fund Scheme are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

## Short-term employee benefits

Short-term  employee  benefits  are  recognised  at  the  undiscounted  amount  of  the  benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits  are  recognised  as  an  expense  unless  another  HKFRS  requires  or  permits  the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

A liability  is  recognised  for  benefits  accruing  to  employees  in  respect  of  wages  and  salaries and annual leave after deducting any amount already paid.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The  tax  currently  payable  is  based  on  taxable  profit  for  the  year.  Taxable  profit  differs  from profit  before  tax  because  of  income  or  expense  that  are  taxable  or  deductible  in  other years  and  items  that  are  never  taxable  or  deductible.  The  Group's  liability  for  current  tax  is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  base  used in  the  computation  of  taxable  profit.  Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognised  for  all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary  differences  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profits  will  be  available against  which  those  deductible  temporary  differences  can  be  utilised.  Such  deferred  tax assets  and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  the  initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with investments  in  subsidiaries,  except  where  the  Group  is  able  to  control  the  reversal  of  the temporary  difference  and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  difference  will  not  reverse  in the  foreseeable  future.  Deferred  tax  assets  arising  from  deductible  temporary  differences associated  with  such  investments  are  only  recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that there  will  be  sufficient  taxable  profits  against  which  to  utilise  the  benefits  of  the  temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is  no  longer  probable  that  sufficient  taxable  profits  will  be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The  measurement  of  deferred  tax  liabilities  and  assets  reflects  the  tax  consequences  that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Taxation - Continued

For  the  purposes  of  measuring  deferred  tax  for  leasing  transactions  in  which  the  Group recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

For  leasing  transactions  in  which  the  tax  deductions  are  attributable  to  the  lease  liabilities, the  Group  applies  HKAS  12  requirements  to  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities separately.  Temporary  differences  on  initial  recognition  of  the  relevant  right-of-use  assets and lease liabilities are not recognised due to application of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary  differences  arising  from  subsequent  revision  to  the  carrying  amounts  of  right-ofuse  assets  and  lease  liabilities,  resulting  from  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  and  lease modifications, that are not subject to initial recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss.

## Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  tangible  assets  that  are  held  for  use  in  the  production or  supply  of  goods  or  services,  or  for  administrative  purpose,  other  than  construction in  progress,  are  stated  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  at  cost  less subsequent  accumulated  depreciation  and  subsequent  accumulated  impairment  losses,  if any.

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values  and  depreciation  method  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  with  the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An item of property,  plant  and  equipment  is  derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  no  future economic  benefits  are  expected  to  arise  from  the  continued  use  of  the  asset.  Any  gain  or loss  arising  on  the  disposal  or  retirement  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is determined  as  the  difference  between  the  sales  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Impairment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviews  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any.

The  recoverable  amount  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the Group's cash-generating unit ('CGU') to which the asset belongs.

In  testing  a  CGU  for  impairment,  corporates assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  of  allocation  can  be  established,  or  otherwise  they  are allocated  to  the  smallest  group  of  CGUs  for  which  a  reasonable  and  consistent  allocation basis  can  be  established.  The  recoverable  amount  is  determined  for  the  CGU  or  group  of CGUs to which the corporate asset belongs,  and  is  compared  with  the  carrying  amount  of the relevant CGU or group of CGUs.

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that  reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  (or  a  CGU)  is  estimated  to  be  less  than  its  carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For  corporate  assets  or  portion  of  corporate  assets  which  cannot  be  allocated  on  a reasonable  and  consistent  basis  to  a  CGU,  the  Group  compares  the  carrying  amount  of a  group  of  CGUs,  including  the  carrying  amounts  of  the  corporate  assets  or  portion  of corporate assets allocated to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of  CGUs.  In  allocating  the  impairment  loss,  the  impairment  loss  is  allocated  first  to  reduce the  carrying  amount  of  any  goodwill  (if  applicable)  and  then  to  the  other  assets  on  a  prorata  basis  based  on  the  carrying  amount  of  each  asset  in  the  unit  or  the  group  of  CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of  disposal  (if  measurable),  its  value  in  use  (if  determinable)  and  zero.  The  amount  of  the impairment  loss  that  would  otherwise  have  been  allocated  to  the  asset  is  allocated  pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Impairment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets - Continued

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU or  a  group  of  CGUs)  is  increased  to  the  revised  estimate  of  its  recoverable  amount,  but  so that  the  increased  carrying  amount  does  not  exceed  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or CGU or a group of  CGUs)  in  prior  years.  A  reversal  of  an  impairment  loss  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss immediately.

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  include  cash,  which  comprises  of  cash  on  hand  and demand  deposits  and  cash  equivalents,  which  comprises  of  short-term  deposits  (generally with original maturity of three months or less).

## Reimbursement assets

Financial  guarantee  contracts  held  by  the  Group  that  are  not  integral  to  the  related communications  factoring  receivables  are  separately  accounted  for,  which  are  measured  at the higher of:

- the premium paid over the period of the related guarantees; and
- any reimbursement right.

Reimbursement  assets  are  recognised  if  it  is  virtually  certain  that  reimbursement  will  be received when there is a default of the related communications factoring receivables and the amount can be measured reliably.

## Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets  are  recognised  and  derecognised  on  a  trade  date  basis.  Regular  way  purchases  or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value.  Transaction  costs that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of  financial  assets  and  financial liabilities (other than financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL') are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial  recognition.  Transaction  costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Financial instruments - Continued

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial asset  or  financial  liability  and  of  allocating  interest  income  and  interest  expense  over  the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash  receipts  and  payments  (including  all  fees  and  points  paid  or  received  that  form  an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through  the  expected  life  of  the  financial  asset  or  financial  liability,  or,  where  appropriate,  a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

Interest income which are derived from the Group's ordinary course of business (i.e. Factoring Business as defined in Note 5) are presented as revenue.

## Financial assets

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- the  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  to  collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.

- (i) Amortised cost and interest income

Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest  method  for  financial  assets measured  subsequently  at  amortised  cost.  Interest  income  is  calculated  by  applying the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  a  financial  asset,  except  for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is  recognised by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  amortised  cost  of  the  financial  asset  from the  next  reporting  period.  If  the  credit  risk  on  the  credit-impaired  financial  instrument improves  so  that  the  financial  asset  is  no  longer  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is recognised  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the financial  asset  from  the  beginning  of  the  reporting  period  following  the  determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Financial instruments - Continued

Financial assets - Continued

- (ii) Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with  any  fair  value  gains  or  losses  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  The  net  gain  or  loss recognised  in  profit  or  loss  includes  any  interest  earned  on  the  financial  asset  and  is presented as 'gain from fair value changes of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

Impairment of financial assets

The  Group  performs  impairment  assessment  under  expected  credit  loss  ('ECL')  model  on financial  assets  (including  factoring  receivables,  other  assets,  amounts  due  from  related parties  and  cash  and  cash  equivalents),  which  are  subject  to  impairment  under  HKFRS  9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime  ECL  represents  the  ECL  that  will  result  from  all  possible  default  events  over  the expected life  of  the  relevant  instrument.  In  contrast,  12-month  ECL  ('12m  ECL')  represents the  portion  of  lifetime  ECL  that  is  expected  to  result  from  default  events  that  are  possible within  12  months  after  the  reporting  date.  Assessment  are  done  based  on  the  Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

The  Group  always  measures  the  loss  allowance  equal  to  12m  ECL,  unless  when  there  has been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition  in  which  case,  the  Group recognises  lifetime  ECL.  The  assessment  of  whether  lifetime  ECL  should  be  recognised is  based  on  significant  increases  in  the  likelihood  or  risk  of  a  default  occurring  since  initial recognition.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Financial instruments - Continued

Financial assets - Continued

Impairment of financial assets - Continued

- (i) Significant increase in credit risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition, the  Group  compares  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at the  reporting  date  with  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at the  date  of  initial  recognition.  In  making  this  assessment,  the  Group  considers  both quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and  supportable,  including historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without  undue cost or effort.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether credit risk has increased significantly:

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if available) or internal credit rating;
- significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
- existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  operating  results  of  the debtor;
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are  more  than  30  days  past  due,  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and  supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Financial instruments - Continued

Financial assets - Continued

Impairment of financial assets - Continued

- (i) Significant increase in credit risk - Continued

The  Group  regularly  monitors  the  effectiveness  of  the  criteria  used  to  identify  whether there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  and  revises  them  as  appropriate  to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

- (ii) Definition of default

For  internal  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  considers  an  event  of  default  occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective  of  the  above,  the  Group  considers  that  default  has  occurred  when  a financial  asset  is  more  than  90  days  past  due  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and supportable  information  to  demonstrate  that  a  more  lagging  default  criterion  is  more appropriate.

- (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

A  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  that  have  a  detrimental impact  on  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  of  that  financial  asset  have  occurred. Evidence  that  a  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  includes  observable  data  about  the following events:

- (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- (c) the  lender(s)  of  the  borrower,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the borrower's  financial  difficulty,  having  granted  to  the  borrower  a  concession(s)  that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Financial instruments - Continued

Financial assets - Continued

Impairment of financial assets - Continued

- (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets - Continued
- (d) it  is  becoming  probable  that  the  borrower  will  enter  bankruptcy  or  other  financial reorganisation.
- (iv) Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for  example,  when  the  counterparty  has  been  placed  under  liquidation  or  has  entered into  bankruptcy  proceedings.  Financial  assets  written  off  may  still  be  subject  to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

- (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The  measurement  of  ECL  is  a  function  of  the  probability  of  default,  loss  given  default (i.e.  the  magnitude  of  the  loss  if  there  is  a  default)  and  the  exposure  at  default.  The assessment  of  the  probability  of  default  and  loss  given  default  is  based  on  historical data  adjusted  by  forward-looking  information.  Estimation  of  ECL  reflects  an  unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. The estimate of expected cash shortfalls reflect the cash flows expected from collateral and other credit enhancements such as guarantees that are integral to the contractual terms and are not recognised separately by the Group.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Financial instruments - Continued

Financial assets - Continued

Impairment of financial assets - Continued

- (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL - Continued

Lifetime  ECL  for  communications  factoring  receivables  are  considered  on  a  collective basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

For  collective  assessment,  the  Group  takes  into  consideration  the  following characteristics when formulating the grouping:

- Past-due status; and
- External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is  regularly  reviewed  by  management  to  ensure  the  constituents  of  each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from  the  asset  expire,  or  when  it  transfers  the  financial  asset  and  substantially  all  the  risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group retains substantially all the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership  of  a  transferred  financial  asset,  the  Group  continues  to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing.

On  derecognition  of  a  financial  asset  measured  at  amortised  cost,  the  difference  between the  asset's  carrying  amount  and  the  sum  of  the  consideration  received  and  receivable  is recognised in profit or loss.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - CONTINUED

## 3.2  Significant accounting policies - Continued

## Financial instruments - Continued

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An  equity  instrument  is  any  contract  that  evidences  a  residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  an entity  after  deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments  issued  by  the  Company  are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost

The  Group's  financial  liabilities  (including  other  payables,  bank  and  other  borrowings  and amounts due to related parties/directors) are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's obligations are discharged,  cancelled  or  have  expired.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 4. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, the directors of  the  Company  are  required  to  make  estimates  and  assumptions  about  the  carrying  amounts of  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  The  estimates  and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  ongoing  basis.  Revisions  to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects  only  that  period,  or  in  the  period  of  the  revision  and  future  periods  if  the  revision  affects both current and future periods. The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other  key  sources  of  estimation  uncertainty  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  that  may  have  a significant  risk  of  causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities within the next financial year.

## Impairment assessment of factoring receivables

The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on traditional factoring receivables individually. In addition, for communications factoring receivables which are individually insignificant or when the Group does not have reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue  cost  or  effort  to  measure  ECL  on  individual  basis,  collective  assessment  is  performed by  grouping  debtors  based  on  the  Group's  internal  credit  ratings.  A  considerable  amount  of judgement is required in estimating the ultimate realisation of financial assets.

In  performing  the  impairment  assessment  of  factoring  receivables,  the  ECL  of  the  factoring receivables  were  assessed  by  the  management  after  taking  into  account  of  the  historical  loss experience, collaterals and guarantees that are integral to the contractual terms, financial condition of  borrowers  for  the  probability  of  default  and  loss  given  default,  as  well  as  forward-looking information. The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates.

The  information  about  the  ECL  and  the  Group's  financial  assets  are  disclosed  in  Notes  16  and 33  respectively.  As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  carrying  amounts  of  factoring  receivables  was RMB763,635,000 (2021:  RMB667,812,000),  net  of  allowance  for  impairment  of  RMB15,941,000 (2021: RMB12,953,000).

## 5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

## Revenue

Revenue  represents  interest  income  received  and  receivable  from  provision  of  traditional  and communications factoring services. An analysis of the Group's revenue is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Income from traditional factoring business (Note)  26,883  36,850  Income from communications factoring business  75,735  21,442  102,618  58,292   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Included  in  income  from  traditional  factoring  business  is  an  amount  of  RMB5,003,000  (2021:  RMB7,122,000) representing fees that are considered to form an integral part of the effective interest rate of the traditional factoring receivables  and  is  treated  as  an  adjustment  to  the  effective  interest  rate.  Such  fees  may  include  compensation  for activities  such as evaluating the borrower's financial condition, evaluating and recording guarantees, negotiating the terms of the instrument, preparing and processing documents and closing the transaction.

## Segment information

Information  reported  to  the  chief  operating  decision  maker  (the  'CODM')  of  the  Group,  being the  executive  directors  of  the  Company,  for  the  purpose  of  resource  allocation  and  assessment focuses  on  revenue  analysis  by  traditional  and  communications  factoring  business  ('Factoring Business').  No  other  discrete  financial  information  is  provided  other  than  the  Group's  result  and financial  position  as  a  whole.  Accordingly,  only  entity-wide  disclosures,  major  customers  and geographic information are presented.

## Geographical information

All of external revenues of the Group in both years are attributable to customers established in the PRC, the place of  domicile  of  the  Group's  major  operating  entities.  As  at  31st  December,  2022, the  Group's  non-current  assets  excluding  those  related  to  financial  instruments  and  deferred  tax assets of RMB690,000 (2021: RMB1,175,000) and RMB83,000 (2021: RMB296,000) are located in the PRC and Hong Kong, respectively.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION - CONTINUED

## Segment information - Continued

## Information about major customers

Revenue from customers contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Customer A (Note i)  N/A (Note ii)  7,623  Customer B (Note i)  N/A (Note ii)  7,110   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) The above customers are related to traditional factoring business.

(ii) The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.

(iii) There was no customer of the Group whose transactions have contributed over 10% of the Group's revenue for the year ended 31st December, 2022.

## 6. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Net foreign exchange gain  88  8,856  Gain on remeasurement of financial guarantee contracts  9,854  -  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (3)  -  9,939  8,856   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 7. DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND EMPLOYEES' REMUNERATION

The emoluments paid or payable to each of the eleven (2021: ten) directors and the chief executive were as follows:

## 2022

| Executive directors  Non-executive directors  Independent non-executive directors  Chief  Executive  Mr. Bai  Zhaoxiang  Mr. Pan  Mingfeng  Mr. Cai  Baoxiang  Mr. Liu  Debing  Mr. Li  Biao  Mr. Hu  Huaimin  Mr. Yu  Guangshan  Mr. Cui  Shu Ming  Dr. Liu  Yong Ping  Mr. Cheung  Ting Kee  Ms. Qian  Ying  Dr. Wong  Mun Kin  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Note i)  (Note ii)  (Note iv)  (Note v)  (Note vii)  (Note vi)  (Note viii)  Fees  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  82  214  214  -  -  510  Other emoluments  Salaries  422  716  62  487  -  447  280  -  -  -  -  -  2,414  Other benefits  87  40  6  48  -  92  26  -  -  -  -  47  346  Contributions to retirement  benefits schemes  67  68  11  105  -  72  41  -  -  -  -  30  394  Total emoluments  576  824  79  640  -  611  347  82  214  214  -  77  3,664   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2021

| Executive directors  Non-executive directors  Independent  non-executive directors  Chief  Executive  Mr. Bai  Zhaoxiang  Mr. Pan  Mingfeng  Mr. Cai  Baoxiang  Mr. Sun  Yuanming  Mr. Liu  Debing  Mr. Li  Biao  Mr. Hu  Huaimin  Mr. Cui  Shu Ming  Dr. Liu  Yong Ping  Mr. Cheung  Ting Kee  Dr. Wong  Mun Kin  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Note i)  (Note ii)  (Note iii)  (Note viii)  Fees  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  214  214  214  -  642  Other emoluments  Salaries  435  345  735  -  61  -  453  -  -  -  -  2,029  Other benefits  138  26  34  -  9  -  75  -  -  -  27  309  Contributions to retirement  benefits schemes  62  47  62  -  17  -  73  -  -  -  11  272  Total emoluments  635  418  831  -  87  -  601  214  214  214  38  3,252   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  executive  directors'  emoluments  shown  above  were  mainly  for  their  services  in  connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

The non-executive directors' and independent non-executive directors' emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 7. DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND EMPLOYEES' REMUNERATION CONTINUED

In addition to the directors' remuneration disclosed above, certain non-executive directors and the chief executive are not paid directly by the Company but receive remuneration from the Company's holding company, in respect of their services to the larger group which includes the Company and its  subsidiaries.  No  apportionment  has  been  made  as  the  qualifying  services  provided  by  these directors  to  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  are  incidental  to  their  responsibilities  to  the  larger group.

Notes:

- (i) The  director  was  appointed  as  the  Chief  Financial  Officer  and  Vice  Chief  Executive  of  the  Company  since  10th October, 2018.
- (ii) The director was appointed as an executive director of the Company on 1st April, 2021.
- (iii) The  director  was  appointed  as  the  Chief  Executive  of  the  Company  on  1st  June,  2020  and  resigned  on  1st  April, 2021.
- (iv) The director resigned on 23rd May, 2022.
- (v) The director was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company on 23rd May, 2022.
- (vi) The director was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company on 18th August, 2022.
- (vii) The director retired on 20th May, 2022.
- (viii) The  chief  executive  was  appointed  on  1st  April,  2021.  His  emoluments  disclosed  above  include  those  services rendered by him as the chief executive of the Company.

Out  of  the  five  individuals  with  the  highest  emoluments  in  the  Group,  two  (2021:  three)  were directors  of  the  Company  whose  emoluments  are  included  in  the  disclosure  above.  The emoluments  of  the  remaining  three  individuals  (2021:  three  individuals  including  one  individual before the appointment as director during the year ended 31st December, 2021) are follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Note)  Salaries and other benefits  2,065  1,541  Contributions to retirement benefits schemes  150  110  2,215  1,651   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The amount include the portion of remuneration before the individual's appointment as director.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 7. DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND EMPLOYEES' REMUNERATION CONTINUED

Their emoluments were within the following band:

| 2022  2021  Number of  employees  Number of  employees  Nil to HK$1,000,000  3  3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  both  years,  no  emoluments  were  paid  by  the  Group  to  the  five  highest  paid  individuals (including directors, chief executive and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. Neither the chief executive nor any of the directors of the Company waived any emoluments during both years.

## 8. FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interest on bank and other borrowings  2,723  4,510  Interest on obligations arising from  asset-backed financing arrangements  15,948  -  Interest on lease liabilities  64  57  18,735  4,567   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 9. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current tax  - PRC Enterprise Income tax ('EIT')  12,558  11,104  -   PRC withholding tax paid in respect of distribution  of earnings of the PRC subsidiary  750  -  - Under (over) provision in prior years - PRC EIT  692  (45)  14,000  11,059  Deferred tax (Note 24)  6,097  1,599  20,097  12,658   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made as the Group's income neither arises in, nor is derived from, Hong Kong.

Under the Law of the PRC on EIT (the 'EIT Law') and the Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the applicable income tax rate for the PRC subsidiary of the Group is 25% for both years.

The  income  tax  expense  for  the  year  can  be  reconciled  to  the  profit  before  tax  per  the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Profit before tax  50,640  27,772  Tax at the domestic income tax rate of 25% (Note)  12,660  6,943  Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose  2,381  2,770  Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose  (128)  (388)  Under (over) provision in respect of prior year  692  (45)  Provision of withholding tax for income derived from  the PRC subsidiary  4,492  3,378  Income tax expense  20,097  12,658   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:   The domestic tax rate in the jurisdiction where the operation of the Group is substantially based is used.

## 10.  PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting) the following items:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Auditors' remuneration (included in other expenses)  1,671  1,431  Legal and professional fee (included in other expenses)  2,239  2,972  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  99  65  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  611  441  Employee benefit expenses (including directors'  emoluments)  9,279  9,755  Interest income from bank deposits  (included in other income)  (308)  (382)  Interest income from pledged bank deposits  (included in other income)  -  (785)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11.  EARNINGS PER SHARE

The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company  for the purpose of basic earnings per share  30,543  15,114  Number of shares  Number  Number  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for  the purposes of basic earnings per share  1,168,626,516  1,168,626,516   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No diluted earnings per share for both years were presented as there were no potential ordinary shares in issue during both years.

## 12.  DIVIDEND

No dividend was paid or proposed by the directors of the Company for both years, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting period.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 13.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  improvement  Furniture,  fixtures and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Note)  COST  At 1st January, 2021  643  407  590  1,640  Additions  264  7  -  271  Disposals  (643)  -  -  (643)  At 31st December, 2021  264  414  590  1,268  Disposals  -  (31)  -  (31)  At 31st December, 2022  264  383  590  1,237  DEPRECIATION  At 1st January, 2021  643  351  590  1,584  Charge for the year  44  21  -  65  Eliminated on disposals  (643)  -  -  (643)  At 31st December, 2021  44  372  590  1,006  Charge for the year  88  11  -  99  Eliminated on disposals  -  (28)  -  (28)  At 31st December, 2022  132  355  590  1,077  CARRYING VALUES  At 31st December, 2022  132  28  -  160  At 31st December, 2021  220  42  -  262   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:   Motor vehicles are fully depreciated but still in use.

Depreciation is provided to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method, as follows:

| Leasehold improvement Motor vehicles  Over the shorter of 20 years or remaining terms of the lease  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  5 years  5 years   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leased  properties  RMB'000  As at 31st December, 2022  Carrying amount  613  As at 31st December, 2021  Carrying amount  1,209  For the year ended 31st December, 2022  Depreciation charge  611  For the year ended 31st December, 2021  Depreciation charge  441   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) During  the  year  ended  31st  December,  2022,  expense  relating  to  short-term  leases  is  RMB148,000  (2021: RMB549,000).

(ii) During the year ended 31st December, 2022, total cash outflow for leases is RMB761,000 (2021: RMB943,000).

(iii) During the year ended 31st December, 2021, additions to right-of-use assets is RMB1,601,000 (2022: nil).

The  Group  regularly  entered  into  short-term  leases  for  staff  quarter  (2021:  office  premises  and staff quarter). The expense relating to short-term leases has decreased during the year ended 31st December, 2022 mainly due to the expiry  of  certain  tenancy  agreements  without  further  renewal subsequent to the lease for office premises for fixed term of three years entered by the Group in June 2021.

For  both  years,  the  Group  leases  various  offices,  staff  quarters  and  office  equipment  for  its operations.  Lease  contracts  are  entered  into  for  fixed  term  of  six  months  to  three  years  (2021: six months to three years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range  of  different  terms  and  conditions.  In  determining  the  lease  term  and  assessing  the  length of  the  non-cancellable  period,  the  Group  applies  the  definition  of  a  contract  and  determines  the period for which the contract is enforceable.

Details of the lease maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in Note 23.

## 15.  FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

Financial assets measured at FVTPL arising from:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Subordinated tranches  89,752  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of these subordinated tranches investments are disclosed in Notes 22 and 33.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 16.  FACTORING RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Factoring receivables  Traditional factoring business (Note i)  374,913  288,091  Communications factoring business (Note ii)  388,722  379,721  763,635  667,812  Reimbursement assets (Note iii)  9,854  -  Other receivables and prepayments  2,923  4,351  776,412  672,163  Analysed as:  Current portion  632,907  474,294  Non-current portion  143,505  197,869  776,412  672,163   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) For traditional factoring business, as at 31st December, 2022, the carrying amount of traditional factoring receivables of  RMB374,913,000  (2021:  RMB288,091,000)  were  not  past  due.  The  range  of  interest  rates  and  maturity  dates attributed to the Group's traditional factoring receivables was 8.7% to 10.3% (2021: 7.1% to 10.0%) per annum and from 22nd February, 2023 to 29th December, 2023 (2021: 7th February, 2022 to 29th December, 2023), respectively. The management reviews and assesses for impairment of the traditional factoring receivables on an individual basis and continues to monitor any significant changes. All of the traditional factoring receivables are secured by receivables from  borrowers  amounting  to  RMB507,435,000  (2021:  RMB385,490,000).  As  at  31st  December,  2022  and  2021, all  of  the  traditional  factoring  receivables  are  guaranteed  by  guarantors.  The  financial  guarantee  is  integral  to  the contractual  terms  of  the  factoring  arrangements.  To  measure  the  ECL,  traditional  factoring  receivables  have  been assessed individually.  As  at  31st  December,  2021,  RMB94,925,000 (2022: nil) were secured by land and equipment with an aggregate at fair value of approximately RMB73,341,000 (2022: nil).
- (ii) For communications factoring business, the Group cooperates with leading communications service providers in the PRC to provide financing service to large number of debtors with small size of loan amounts per each debtor. As the factoring receivables are individually insignificant and the Group does not have reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort to measure ECL on individual basis, collective assessment is performed in  estimating  ECL.  As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  carrying  amount  of  communications  factoring  receivables of  RMB388,722,000  (2021:  RMB379,721,000)  were  not  past  due  and  out  of  the  total  amount,  RMB19,501,000 (2021:  RMB9,788,000)  are  fully  secured  by  bank  deposits  from  individual  customers  and  RMB262,194,000  (2021: RMB276,458,000)  is  guaranteed  by  guarantors.  The  range  of  interest  rates  and  maturity  dates  attributed  to  the Group's  communications  factoring  receivables  was  16.1%  to  27.2%  (2021:  8.8%  to  25.1%)  per  annum  and  from 10th  January,  2023  to  20th  December,  2025  (2021:  10th  January,  2022  to  10th  January,  2025),  respectively.  The management reviews and assesses for  impairment  of  the  communications  factoring  receivables  based  on  collective assessment and continues to monitor any significant  changes.  Financial  guarantee  contracts  held  by  the  Group  are not integral to the communications factoring receivables and are separately accounted for by the Group.

As  at  31st  December,  2022,  RMB291,373,000  of  the  Group's  communications  factoring  receivables  relate  to  the asset-back financing arrangements as disclosed in Note 22.

- (iii) Reimbursement assets represent  the  amount  that  expected  to  be  reimbursed  by  guarantors  of  the  communications factoring receivables upon a default of settlement. The amount is recognised when, and only when it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received when there is a default and the amount can be measured reliably.

## 17.  AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES

| Due from  2022  2021  Name of related party  Relationship  Nature  RMB'000  RMB'000  Yue Da Mining Limited  ('YDM')  Fellow subsidiary  Non-trade related  4,331  3,971  Yue Da Capital HK  Immediate holding  company  Non-trade related  3,602  2,446  7,933  6,417   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:   The amounts due from related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand for as at 31st December, 2022 and 2021.

| Due to  2022  2021  Name of related party  Relationship  Nature  RMB'000  RMB'000  Yueda Capital Company  Limited ('Yue Da Capital')  Intermediate holding  company  Non-trade related  -  219,043  Yue Da Capital HK  Immediate holding  company  Non-trade related  71,313  13,626  Yue Da Group (H.K.) Co.,  Limited ('YDHK')  Fellow subsidiary  Non-trade related  742  604  Yue Da Enterprise Group  (HK) Co., Ltd.  Fellow subsidiary  Non-trade related  -  130  72,055  233,403   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:   The amounts due to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand as at 31st December, 2022 and 2021.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 17.  AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO RELATED PARTIES - CONTINUED

The  Group's  amounts  due  from/to  related  parties  that  are  denominated  in  currencies  other  than the functional currency of the relevant group entity are set out below:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Amounts due from related parties  United States Dollars ('US$')  3,944  3,611  Hong Kong Dollars ('HK$')  3,918  2,735  Amounts due to related parties  HK$  742  734   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Cash  and  cash  equivalent  include  demand  deposits  and  short  term  deposits  for  the  purpose  of meeting  the  Group's  short  term  cash  commitments,  which  carry  interest  at  market  rates  which range from 0.01% to 0.40% (2021: 0.01% to 0.40%) per annum.

The  Group's  cash  and  cash  equivalents  that  are  denominated  in  a  currency  other  than  the functional currency of the relevant group entity are set out below:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  US$  1  1  HK$  1,525  1,409   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of impairment assessments of bank balances are set out in Note 33.

## 19.  OTHER PAYABLES AND LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Accrued staff costs  3,717  3,942  Other payables and accrued charges  10,922  9,525  14,639  13,467   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20.  AMOUNTS DUE TO DIRECTORS

Amounts mainly represent the directors' emolument payable. The amounts are unsecured, interestfree  and  repayable  on  demand.  As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  amounts  include  RMB223,000 (2021: RMB307,000) which is denominated in HK$, a currency other than the functional currency of the relevant group entity.

## 21.  BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Repayable within one year:  Secured bank loan (Note i)  50,000  50,000  Other loan (Note ii)  40,000  -  90,000  50,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) The amount due is based on scheduled repayment date set out in the loan agreement.

As at 31st December, 2022, the bank loan carried fixed interest rate of 6.3% per annum (2021: 6.3%). The maturity date attributed to the bank loan was 22nd August, 2023.

As at 31st December, 2022 and 2021, the bank loan amounting RMB50,000,000 is secured by the Group's factoring receivables with carrying amount of RMB50,000,000 and guaranteed by Jiangsu Yue Da.

- (ii) As at  31st  December, 2022, the Group has obtained other loan of RMB40,000,000 (2021: nil) from an independent third  party  and  carried  a  fixed  interest  rate  at  4.2%  (2021:  nil)  per  annum.  The  maturity  date  attributed  to  the  other loan  was  28th  February,  2023.  The  loan  is  secured  by  the  Group's  factoring  receivables  with  carrying  amount  of RMB50,000,000 (2021: N/A).

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 22.  OBLIGATIONS ARISING FROM ASSET-BACKED FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  The carrying amounts of the above obligations  are repayable:  Within one year  213,665  -  More than one year but less than two years  66,864  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year,  the  Group  entered  into  several  asset-backed  financing  arrangements  (the 'Financing Arrangements'), the Financing Arrangements involved establishment of special purpose asset-backed vehicles  through  issuing  agents  ('the  SPVs')  or  special  purpose  trust  administered by  trustees  ('the  SPTs').  Under  the  schemes,  contractual  rights  of  factoring  receivables  (the 'Transferred  Assets')  are  transferred  to  the  SPVs/SPTs  by  the  Group  and  a  fellow  subsidiary  of the  Company,  except  for  one  SPT  scheme  in  which  the  Group  is  the  sole  transferor.  The  SPVs/ SPTs  then  issued  asset-back  securities  to  investors,  the  priority  tranches  were  subscribed  by independent  investors  whilst  the  subordinated  tranches  were  subscribed  by  the  Group  and  the fellow  subsidiary  proportional  to  the  value  of  the  Transferred  Assets  transferred  by  both  parties. For the SPT scheme in which the Group is the sole transferor, the entire subordinated tranche was subscribed by the Group.

According to offering documents of the SPVs or trust agreements of the SPTs between the SPVs/ SPTs  and  investors  (holders  of  priority  and  subordinated  tranches),  the  decisions  of  the  relevant activities are controlled by the holders of the priority tranches until such tranches are fully settled. As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  priority  tranches  of  the  SPVs/SPTs  are  still  not  fully  settled. Accordingly,  the  Group  as  holders  of  subordinated  tranches  could  not  exercise  control  over  the SPVs and SPTs thus the SPVs/SPTs are not consolidated.

Furthermore, pursuant to the agreements between the SPVs/SPTs and the transferors (the Group or  the  Group  and  the  fellow  subsidiary),  the  Group  are  required  to  repurchase  the  factoring receivables  transferred  to  SPVs/SPTs  when  they  are  identified  as  non-performing  and  the  Group has also retained risks and rewards through subscription of the subordinated tranches. The Group assessed  and  concluded  that  the  Group  has  retained  substantially  all  risks  and  rewards  of  the Transferred Assets and accordingly continues to recognise the factoring receivables and recognise obligations  arising  from  these  Financing  Arrangements.  As  at  31st  December,  2022,  the  carrying amount of  communications  factoring  receivables  under  these  Financing  Arrangements  amounted to RMB291,373,000.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 22.  OBLIGATIONS ARISING FROM ASSET-BACKED FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS CONTINUED

At  initial  recognition,  the  obligations  arising  these  asset-backed  Financial  Arrangements  were measured  at  fair  value,  taking  into  consideration  the  Group's  borrowing  rates  and  the  estimated cash flows, which represent the cash consideration and the subordinated tranches received by the Group. These obligations are subsequently measured at amortised cost with effective interest rates range between 6.29% to 7.72%. As at 31st December, 2022, the carrying amounts of obligations due to SPVs and SPTs amounted to RMB179,197,000 and RMB101,332,000 respectively. Priority tranches  issued  by  the  SPVs  are  listed  in  the  Shenzhen  Stock  Exchange  and  the  obligations payable to the priority tranches are guaranteed by the ultimate holding company of the Company.

The  subordinated  tranches  subscribed  and  held  by  the  Group  constitute  contractually  linked instruments  as  the  SPVs/SPTs  prioritise  payments  to  the  holders  of  priority  tranches  prior  to repaying  the  subordinated  tranches.  The  Group  has  the  right  to  payment  only  if  the  SPVs/SPTs have  sufficient  cashflow  to  satisfy  the  obligations  payable  to  the  holders  of  priority  tranches. Accordingly,  the  contractual  cash  flows  of  the  subordinated  tranches  are  not  solely  payments of  principal  and  interest  and  were  measured  at  fair  value  at  initial  recognition  and  subsequently measured at fair value through profit and loss.

During  the  year,  the  fair  value  of  subordinated  tranches  subscribed  by  the  Group  amounted  to RMB82,768,000 at initial recognition.

## 23.  LEASE LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Lease liabilities payable:  Within one year  541  539  Within a period of more than one year but not  more than two years  210  536  Within a period of more than two years but not  more than five years  -  210  751  1,285  Less:   Amount due for settlement within  12 months shown under current liabilities  (541)  (539)  Amount due for settlement after  12 months shown under non-current liabilities  210  746   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 24.  DEFERRED TAX (ASSETS) LIABILITIES

The  followings  are  the  major  deferred  tax  (assets)  liabilities  recognised  and  movements  thereof during the current and prior years:

| Reimbursement  assets  Impairment  losses on  factoring  receivables  Distributable  profits of  subsidiaries  Other  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1st January, 2021  -  (1,459)  6,070  -  4,611  (Credit) charge to profit or loss  -  (1,779)  3,378  -  1,599  At 31st December, 2021  -  (3,238)  9,448  -  6,210  Charge (credit) to profit or loss  2,464  (747)  4,492  638  6,847  Reversal upon payment of withholding tax  -  -  (750)  -  (750)  At 31st December, 2022  2,464  (3,985)  13,190  638  12,307   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Deferred tax assets  (3,985)  (3,238)  Deferred tax liabilities  16,292  9,448  12,307  6,210   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25.  SHARE CAPITAL

| Number of  shares  Amount  Shown in the  consolidated  financial  statements  HK$'000  RMB'000  Ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each:  Authorised  At 1st January, 2021,  31st December, 2021 and  31st December, 2022  2,000,000,000  200,000  N/A  Issued and fully paid  At 1st January, 2021,  31st December, 2021 and  31st December, 2022  1,168,626,516  116,863  105,965   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.  SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS

## The Scheme

On 11th June, 2011, a share option scheme was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 9th June,  2011  (the  'Scheme').  The  purpose  of  the  Scheme  is  to  enable  the  Group  to  grant  share options to the eligible participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution to the Group. The Scheme is valid for 10 years from the date of its adoption.

Under the Scheme, the board of directors of the Company may, at its discretion, invite any eligible participant to take up options to subscribe for the shares in the Company at a price determined as set out below. The eligibility of any of the eligible participants is set out below.

The  maximum  number  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  which  may  be  allotted  and  issued  upon exercise of all outstanding share options granted and yet to be exercised under the Scheme and any  other  share  option  schemes  adopted  by  the  Company  shall  not  exceed  30%  of  the  share capital of the Company in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the Scheme or any other share option scheme adopted by the Company if the grant of such option will result in the limit referred to in this paragraph being exceeded.

The total number of the shares of the Company which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all options (excluding, for this purpose, options which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Company) to be granted under the Scheme and  any  other  share  option  scheme  of  the  Company  must  not  in  aggregate  exceed  10%  of  the shares of the Company in issue at the date of approval of the Scheme.

The Scheme was terminated pursuant to a resolution passed on 20th May, 2021. At the date of termination of the Scheme, no outstanding share options under the Scheme.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 26.  SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS - CONTINUED

## The New Scheme

A new share option scheme was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 20th May, 2021 (the 'New Scheme'). The purpose of the New Scheme is to enable the Group to grant share options to  the  eligible  participants  as  incentives  or  rewards  for  their  contribution  to  the  Group.  The  New Scheme is valid for 10 years from the date of its adoption.

Under the New Scheme, the board of directors of the Company may, at its discretion, invite any eligible participant to take up share options to subscribe for the shares of the Company at a price determined as set out below. The eligibility of any of the eligible participants is set out below.

The  total  number  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  which  may  be  issued  upon  the  exercise  of  all the  options  to  be  granted  under  the  New  Scheme  and  any  other  share  option  schemes  of  the Company must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the  date  of  approval  of  the  adoption  of  the  New  Scheme  initially.  The  maximum  number  of  the shares  of  the  Company  to  be  issued  upon  the  exercise  of  share  options  that  may  be  granted under  the  New  Scheme  under  such  initial  mandate  limit  is  116,862,651  shares  of  the  Company. The  Company  may  seek  approval  of  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  in  general  meetings  to refresh  the  10%  initial  mandate  limit.  Notwithstanding  that  the  mandate  limit  may  be  refreshed, the board of directors of the Company shall not grant options which would result in the maximum aggregate  number  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  which  may  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all  the outstanding options granted but yet to be exercised under the New Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company which entitle the holders to acquire or subscribe for the shares of the Company exceeding, in aggregate, 30% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.

The  subscription  price  in  respect  of  any  share  option  under  the  Scheme  and  the  New  Scheme shall,  subject  to  any  adjustments  made  pursuant  to  the  Scheme  and  the  New  Scheme  for  the event of any alteration in the capital structure of the Company, be at the discretion of the directors of  the  Company,  provided  that  it  shall  not  be  less  than  the  highest  of  (i)  the  closing  price  of  the shares of the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet for trade in one or more board lots of the shares of the Company on the offer date of share options, (ii) the average closing  price  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotations sheets  for  the  five  business  days  immediately  preceding  the  offer  date  of  share  options,  and  (iii) the nominal value of the Company's share.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 26.  SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS TRANSACTIONS - CONTINUED

## The New Scheme - Continued

The eligibility of any of the eligible participants to an offer of share options under the Scheme and the  New Scheme shall be determined by the directors of the Company from time to time on the basis of the opinion of the directors of the Company as to his contribution to the development and growth of the Group. The eligible participants under the Scheme and New Scheme included:

- (a) any employee (whether full time or part time) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any entity in which the Group holds an equity interest ('Invested Entity'), including any executive Director of the Company, any of such subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;
- (b) any  non-executive  director  (including  independent  non-executive  director)  of  the  Company, any of its subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;
- (c) any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (d) any customer of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (e) any  person  or  entity  that  provides  research,  development  or  other  technological  support  to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (f) any  shareholder  of  any  member  of  the  Group  or  any  Invested  Entity  or  any  holder  of  any securities issued by any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (g) any  adviser  (professional  or  otherwise)  or  consultant  to  any  area  of  business  or  business development of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity; and
- (h) any other group or classes of participants who have contributed or may contribute by way of joint venture, business alliance or other business arrangement to the development and growth of the Group, and, for the purposes of the Scheme and the New Scheme, the offer of share options may be made to any company wholly owned by one or more persons belonging to any of the above classes of participants.

The  making  of  an  offer  of  share  options  to  any  director  of  the  Company,  chief  executive  or substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  or  any  of  their  respective  associates  must  be  approved by  the  independent  non-executive  directors  of  the  Company  (excluding  any  independent  nonexecutive director of the Company who or whose associate is the proposed grantee of an option).

Options granted under the Scheme and the New Scheme must be taken up not be later than 21 days from the offer date, upon payment of HK$1 per each grant.

As at 31st December, 2021 and 2022, no outstanding share options under the New Scheme.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 27.  CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going  concern  while  maximising  the  return  to  shareholders  through  the  optimisation  of  the  debt and equity balance. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

The  capital  structure  of  the  Group  consists  of  net  debts,  which  include  amounts  due  to  related parties, bank and other borrowings, obligations arising from asset-backed financing arrangements, net  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and  equity  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company,  comprising issued share capital and various reserves.

The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this review,  the  directors  of  the  Company  consider  the  cost  of  capital  and  the  risks  associated  with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the directors of the Company, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debts or the redemption of existing debts.

## 28.  RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities, including both  cash  and  non-cash  changes.  Liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities  are  those  for  which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

| Lease  liabilities  Amounts due  to directors  Amounts due  to related  parties  Obligations  arising from  asset-backed  financing  arrangements  Bank  and other  borrowings  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1st January, 2021  61  526  5,331  -  356,519  362,437  Financing cash flows  (398)  105  228,093  -  (301,939)  (74,139)  Foreign exchange translation  (6)  -  (21)  -  (9,090)  (9,117)  Interest expenses  57  -  -  -  4,510  4,567  Recognition of lease liabilities  1,571  -  -  -  -  1,571  As at 31st December, 2021  1,285  631  233,403  -  50,000  285,319  Financing cash flows  (613)  (22)  (161,168)  252,695  37,277  128,169  Foreign exchange translation  15  -  (180)  -  -  (165)  Non-cash at initial recognition  -  -  -  11,886  -  11,886  Interest expenses  64  -  -  15,948  2,723  18,735  At 31st December, 2022  751  609  72,055  280,529  90,000  443,944   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29.  RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

The  relevant  PRC  subsidiary  is  required  to  make  contributions  to  the  state-managed  retirement schemes in the PRC based on 20% (2021: 20%) of the monthly salaries of their current employees to  fund  the  benefits.  The  employees  are  entitled  to  retirement  pension  calculated  with  reference to  their  basic  salaries  on  retirement  and  their  length  of  service  in  accordance  with  the  relevant government  regulations.  The  PRC  government  is  responsible  for  the  pension  liability  to  these retired staffs.

In  addition,  the  Group  operates  a  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Scheme  ('MPF  Scheme')  for  all qualifying  employees in Hong Kong. The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the  Group,  in  funds  under  the  control  of  trustees.  The  Group  contributes  5%  (2021:  5%)  of  the relevant payroll costs to the scheme, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000 for  the  MPF  Scheme  which  contribution  is  matched  by  employees.  The  Group  also  makes voluntary contribution in addition the mandatory contribution.

The  total  cost  of  RMB1,168,000  (2021:  RMB876,000)  recognised  to  profit  or  loss  represents contributions payable to these schemes by the Group in respect of current year.

## 30.  PLEDGE OF ASSETS

- (i) As  disclosed  in  Notes  16,  21  and  22,  the  Group's  credit  facilities  were  secured  by  the Group's factoring receivables of RMB100,000,000 (2021: RMB50,000,000) in aggregate as at 31st December, 2022.
- (ii) As disclosed in Note 22, the Group has the contractual obligations to transfer the cashflows relating to the Group's communications factoring receivables of RMB291,373,000 as at 31st December, 2022 (2021: nil) under asset-backed financing arrangements.

## 31.  RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

- (i) The  Group  operates  in  an  economic  environment  currently  predominated  by  entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the PRC government. The Company is  ultimately  controlled  by  the  PRC  government.  The  Company's  parent  is  Yue  Da  Capital HK,  a  company  incorporated  in  Hong  Kong  with  limited  liabilities,  and  the  Company's ultimate  parent  is  Jiangsu  Yue  Da,  which  is  controlled  by  the  Yancheng  Municipal  People's Government.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 31.  RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES - CONTINUED

## (i) - Continued

- (a) Other than as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group has following transactions and balances with subsidiaries of Jiangsu Yue Da:

| Name of related parties  Nature of transactions/balances  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Fellow subsidiary  Jiangsu Yue Da Green Construction  Technology Company Limited  Income from traditional factoring  business  5,679  2,787  Factoring receivables  110,516  26,926  Jiangsu Yue Da Commercial  Properties Company Limited  Income from traditional factoring  business  5,392  7,623  Factoring receivables  33,060  66,112  Shanghai Saina Energy Conservation  Technology Development Company Limited  Income from traditional factoring  business  67  -  Factoring receivables  2,334  -  Blue Shield Construction Group  Company Limited  Income from traditional factoring  business  447  -  Factoring receivables  15,824  -  Jiangsu Yueda Saifuna Energy Saving  Technology Company Limited  Income from traditional factoring  business  31  -  Factoring receivables  8,617  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:   As at 31st December, 2022 and 2021, the factoring receivables balances were fully guaranteed by Yueda Real Estate Group Company Limited, a fellow subsidiary of the Company.

- (b) Transactions and balances with other government related entities:

Apart  from  the  transactions  with  related  parties  disclosed  above,  the  Group  also conducts business with other government related entities. The directors of the Company consider  those  government  related  entities  are  independent  third  parties  so  far  as  the Group's business transactions with them are concerned.

In  establishing  its  pricing  strategies  and  approval  process  for  transactions  with  other government related entities, the Group does not differentiate whether the counter-party is a government related entity or not.

## 31.  RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES - CONTINUED

## (ii) Compensation of key management personnel

The  remuneration  of  directors  and  key  management  during  the  year,  which  is  determined by  the  remuneration  committee  having  regard  to  the  performance  of  individuals  and  market trends, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Short-term benefits  4,045  3,815  Post-employment benefits  433  311  4,478  4,126   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Details of the Company's principal subsidiary as at 31st December, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Country of  establishment  and operations  Registered capital  Attributable equity  interest held indirectly  by the Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  %  %  Yueda (Shenzhen)  Commercial Factoring  Co., Ltd. (Note)  PRC  Registered capital  - RMB400,000,000  100  100  Provision of factoring  services and accounts  receivable management  and collection services   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:   The company is wholly foreign-owned enterprise.

The  above  table  list  the  subsidiary  of  the  Group  which,  in  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the Company,  principally  affected  the  results  or  assets  of  the  Group.  To  give  details  of  other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

None of the subsidiaries has issued any debt securities at the end of the year.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 33.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at FVTPL  89,752  -  Financial assets at amortised cost  800,282  702,524  Financial liabilities  Amortised cost  452,081  291,972   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Group's major financial  instruments  include  factoring  receivables,  other  receivables  (included in  other  assets),  amounts  due  from  related  parties,  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  other  payables, amounts  due  to  related  parties/directors,  bank  and  other  borrowings,  obligations  arising  from asset-backed financing  arrangements  and  lease  liabilities.  Details  of  the  financial  instruments  are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## Market risk

## (i) Currency risk

The  Group  has  foreign  currency  financial  assets  and  liabilities  which  expose  the  Group  to foreign currency risk.

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's  monetary  assets  and  monetary  liabilities  which  are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the relevant group entities at the end of the reporting period date are as follows:

| Liabilities  Assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  US$  -  -  3,945  3,612  HK$  1,024  1,304  5,502  4,188   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  currently  does  not  have  a  foreign  exchange  hedging  policy.  However,  the management  of  the  Group  monitors  foreign  exchange  exposure  and  will  consider  hedging significant foreign exchange exposure should the need arises.

## 33.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - CONTINUED

## Financial risk management objectives and policies - Continued

## Market risk - Continued

## (i) Currency risk - Continued

## Sensitivity analysis

The Group is mainly exposed to HK$ and US$ exchange risk relative to RMB.

No  sensitivity  analysis  is  disclosed  as  the  management  considers  that  the  exposure  is insignificant to the Group.

## (ii) Interest rate risk

The  Group  is  exposed  to  fair  value  interest  rate  risk  in  relation  to  fixed  rate  factoring receivables,  bank  and  other  borrowings,  obligations  arising  from  asset-backed  financing arrangements  and  lease  liabilities  as  set  out  in  Notes  16,  21,  22  and  23  respectively. Currently, the Group does not have a hedging policy. However, management monitors interest rate  exposure  and  will  consider  hedging  significant  fixed  interest  rate  exposure  should  the need arise. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variablerate bank balances (as set out in Note 18).

The  management  considers  that  the  cash  flow  interest  rate  risk  arising  from  deposits  as included  in  cash  and  cash  equivalents  is  insignificant  having  regard  to  the  stable  trend  in interest rates and thus no material fluctuation is anticipated in the near future.

Total interest income from financial assets that are measured at amortised cost is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  Financial assets at amortised cost  102,618  58,292  Other income  Financial assets at amortised cost  308  1,167  Revenue/interest income under effective  interest method  102,926  59,459   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total interest expense from financial liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial liabilities at amortised cost  18,671  4,510   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 33.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - CONTINUED

## Financial risk management objectives and policies - Continued

## Market risk - Continued

## (iii) Other price risk

The  Group  is  exposed  to  other  price  risk  through  its  subordinated  tranches  arising  from asset-backed financing arrangements as disclosed in Note 22.

## Credit risk and impairment assessment

Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group's counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting  in  financial  losses  to  the  Group.  The  Group's  credit  risk  exposures  are  primarily attributable to factoring receivables, other receivables (included in other assets), financial assets at FVTPL, amounts due from related parties and cash and cash equivalents. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments and  the  policies  on  how  to  mitigate  these  risks  are  set  out  below.  The  management  manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

Except  for  financial  assets  at  FVTPL,  the  Group  performs  impairment  assessment  for  other financial assets under ECL model.

The  Group  applies  HKFRS  9  to  measure  ECL  for  which  uses  a  12m  ECL  for  all  factoring receivables  of  which  the  credit  risk  has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition.  The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

## Traditional factoring business

The Group had concentration of credit risk as 45.6% (2021: 43%) of the total factoring receivables as  at  31st  December,  2022  was  due  from  seven  (2021:  six)  customers  from  traditional  factoring business.

In  order  to  minimise  the  credit  risk  in  relation  to  traditional  factoring  receivables  credit  limits  and credit  terms  granted  to  customers  are  approved  by  delegated  officers  and  follow-up  action  is taken to recover overdue debts.

The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding traditional factoring receivables on an individual basis to minimise its credit risk. The management has a credit policy in place and the exposures to the credit risk are monitored on an ongoing basis. The policy includes evaluation of collectability and aging analysis of the factoring receivables based on management's judgement on creditworthiness of the borrowers and the guarantors, collaterals and past collection history.

## 33.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - CONTINUED

## Financial risk management objectives and policies - Continued

## Credit risk and impairment assessment - Continued

## Traditional factoring business - Continued

To measure the ECL, factoring receivables for traditional factoring business with gross amount of RMB375,918,000  (2021:  RMB288,767,000)  have  been  assessed  individually.  The  credit  losses expectations are based on the Group's historical loss experience, collaterals and guarantees that are integral to the contractual terms, financial condition of borrowers for the probability of default and loss given default, as well as forward-looking information.

Management  performs  ongoing  credit  evaluations  of  individual  customers'  financial  condition. These evaluations focus on the customer's past history of making payments when due and current ability  to  pay,  and  take  into  account  information  specific  to  the  customer  as  well  as  pertaining  to the economic environment. The Group has policies to limit the credit exposure on receivables by taking into account the availability of guarantee from third parties and getting payment guarantee. The settlement patterns of customers are regularly monitored by the Group. As at 31st December, 2022, the expected loss rate for traditional factoring receivables is 0.26% (2021: 0.16% to 0.27%).

## Communications factoring business

The  Group  uses  collective  assessment  in  estimating  ECL  on  factoring  receivables  for communications business. The Group takes into consideration  of  internal  credit  rating  of  various debtors,  which  are  grouped  based  on  historical  collection  records,  taking  into  consideration collaterals  and  forward-looking  information  that  is  reasonable  and  supportable  available  without undue costs or effort. At the end of each reporting period, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

Financial  guarantee  contracts  held  by  the  Group  in  relation  to  the  communications  factoring receivables  are  separately  accounted  for  by  the  Group.  The  Group  recognised  reimbursement asset,  when  and  only  when,  it  is  virtually  certain  that  reimbursement  will  be  received  and  the amount can be measured reliably. The amount recognised for the reimbursement is capped at the amount of impairment losses recognised under ECL model for the related receivables under such guarantees.

## Other receivables (included in other assets)

For other receivables, management makes periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other  receivables  based  on  historical  settlement  records,  past  experience,  and  also  quantitative and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and  supportive  forward-looking  information.  No allowance  for  impairment  was  made  since  the  management  of  the  Group  considers  that  the probability of default is minimal after considering the counterparties' repayment history.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 33.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - CONTINUED

## Financial risk management objectives and policies - Continued

## Credit risk and impairment assessment - Continued

## Amounts due from related parties

The  Group  has  taken  into  account  the  economic  outlook  of  the  industries  in  which  the  related parties operate, and concluded that there has been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. No allowance for impairment was made since the management of the Group considers that the probability of default is minimal after considering the counterparties' repayment history.

## Cash and cash equivalents

The  credit  risk  on  liquid  funds  (i.e.  bank  balances)  is  limited  because  the  majority  of  the counterparties are banks with high credit-ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies, which is considered as of high credit quality by the management, and the probability of default of the  counterparty  banks  is  insignificant,  accordingly,  no  allowance  for  credit  losses  is  provided  as the amount of ECL is immaterial.

As  at  31st  December,  2022  and  2021,  the  Group  performed  impairment  assessment  on  bank balances  by  reference  to  the  average  loss  rates  for  respective  credit  rating  grades  published  by international credit-rating agencies and concluded that the exposure of credit loss is insignificant.

The Group's internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

| Internal credit  rating  Description  Factoring receivables/  other financial assets  Low risk  The counterparty has a low risk of default and does not  have any past-due amounts  12m ECL  Watch list  Debtor frequently settle after due dates  12m ECL  Doubtful  There have been significant increases in credit risk since  initial recognition through information developed internally or  external resources  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  Loss  There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe  financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic prospect  of recovery  Amount is written off   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - CONTINUED

## Financial risk management objectives and policies - Continued

## Credit risk and impairment assessment - Continued

The table below details the credit risk exposures of the Group's financial assets, which are subject to ECL assessment:

| Notes  External  credit rating  Internal  credit rating  12m or  lifetime ECL  Gross carrying amount  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets at  amortised cost  Traditional factoring  receivables  16  N/A  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit-impaired)  375,918  288,767  Communications factoring  receivables  16  N/A  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit-impaired)  387,880  381,365  Watch list  12m ECL  (not credit-impaired)  15,778  10,633  Other receivables  (included in other assets)  16  N/A  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit-impaired)  2,447  3,841  Amounts due from  related parties  17  N/A  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit-impaired)  7,933  6,417  Cash and cash  equivalents  18  Ba1 to Aa2  Low risk  12m ECL  (not credit-impaired)  26,267  24,454   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 33.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - CONTINUED

## Financial risk management objectives and policies - Continued

## Credit risk and impairment assessment - Continued

Collective assessment - Communications factoring business

As  part  of  the  Group's  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  applies  collective  assessment  for  its customers  in  relation  to  its  communications  factoring  business.  The  following  table  provides information  about  the  exposure  to  credit  risk  for  communications  factoring  receivables  which  are assessed  on  a  collective  basis  with  12m  ECL.  Debtors  with  gross  carrying  amounts  under  12m ECL are RMB403,658,000 as at 31st December, 2022 (2021: RMB391,998,000).

Gross carrying amount

| 2022  2021  Average  loss rate  Communications  factoring  receivables  Average  loss rate  Communications  factoring  receivables  Internal credit rating  RMB'000  RMB'000  Low risk  3.64%  387,880  3.04%  381,365  Watch list  5.10%  15,778  4.51%  10,633  403,658  391,998   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  For the outstanding balance as at 31st December, 2022 and 2021, the total amount was not due.

## 33.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - CONTINUED

## Financial risk management objectives and policies - Continued

## Credit risk and impairment assessment - Continued

Collective assessment - Communications factoring business - Continued

The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates of the debtors and  are  adjusted  for  forward-looking  information  that  is  available  without  undue  cost  or  effort. The  grouping  is  regularly  reviewed  by  management  to  ensure  relevant  information  about  specific debtors is updated.

The  movements  in  the  allowance  for  impairment  in  respect  of  factoring  receivables  during  the reporting period were as follows:

| 12m ECL  (not-credit-  impaired)  RMB'000  As at 1st January, 2021  5,836  Changes due to financial instruments recognised as at 1st January, 2021:  - Impairment losses reversed  (5,423)  New financial assets originated or purchased  12,540  As at 31st December, 2021  12,953  Changes due to financial instruments recognised as at 1st January, 2022:  - Impairment losses reversed  (8,670)  - Impairment losses recognised  2,417  New financial assets originated or purchased  9,241  As at 31st December, 2022  15,941   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity risk

In  the  management  of  the  liquidity  risk,  the  Group  monitors  and  maintains  a  level  of  cash  and cash  equivalents  deemed  adequate  by  the  management  to  finance  the  Group's  operations  and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management also monitors the utilisation of borrowings.

The  Group  relies  on  amounts  due  to  related  parties,  bank  and  other  borrowings  and  obligations arising from asset-backed financing arrangements as a significant source of liquidity. Details of which are set out in Notes 17, 21 and 22.

The following table details the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities.  The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for other non-derivative financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 33.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - CONTINUED

## Financial risk management objectives and policies - Continued

## Liquidity risk - Continued

The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.

Liquidity tables

| Weighted  average  effective  interest rate  On demand  or less than  1 month  1 - 3  months  3 months to  1 year  1 - 5  years  Total  undiscounted  cash flows  Carrying  amounts  %  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  2022  Non-derivative financial liabilities and  lease liabilities  Other payables  -  11,273  -  -  -  11,273  11,273  Amounts due to related companies  -  72,055  -  -  -  72,055  72,055  Amounts due to directors  -  609  -  -  -  609  609  Bank and other borrowings  5.2  -  40,280  50,250  -  90,530  90,000  Obligations arising from asset-backed  financing arrangements  7.2  -  75,822  164,113  76,664  316,599  278,144  Lease liabilities  6.1  -  188  383  213  784  751  83,937  116,290  214,746  76,877  491,850  452,832  2021  Non-derivative financial liabilities and  lease liabilities  Other payables  -  7,938  -  -  -  7,938  7,938  Amounts due to related companies  -  233,403  -  -  -  233,403  233,403  Amounts due to directors  -  631  -  -  -  631  631  Bank and other borrowings  6.3  -  50,263  -  -  50,263  50,000  Lease liabilities  6.1  -  182  420  779  1,381  1,285  241,972  50,445  420  779  293,616  293,257   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments is subject to change if interest rates differ to those determined at the end of the reporting period.

## Fair value measurements of financial instruments

This  note  provides  information  about  how  the  Group  determines  fair  values  of  various  financial assets.

## Fair value measurement and valuation process

The  financial  controller  of  the  Group  is  responsible  to  determine  the  appropriate  valuation techniques and key inputs for fair value measurements.

In  estimating  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  or  a  liability,  the  Group  uses  market-observable  data  to the extent it is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engaged independent qualified  professional  valuers  to  perform  the  valuation.  The  financial  controller  works  closely  with the  independent  qualified  professional  valuers  to  establish  the  appropriate  valuation  techniques and  key  inputs  to  the  model.  Financial  controller  reports  to  executive  directors  semi-annually  to explain the cause of fluctuations in the fair value of the assets.

## 33.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - CONTINUED

## Fair value measurements of financial instruments - Continued

## Fair value measurement and valuation process - Continued

Information  about  the  valuation  techniques  and  key  inputs  used  in  determining  the  fair  value  of carious assets are disclosed below:

## Fair  value  of  the  Group's  financial  assets  that  are  measured  at  fair  value  on  a  recurring basis

Some of the Group's financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period. The  following  table  gives  information  about  how  the  fair  values  of  these  financial  assets  are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and key inputs used).

| Financial assets  Fair value as at  31st December  Fair value  hierarchy  Valuation technique(s)  and key input(s)  Sensitivity  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets at FVTPL  89,752  -  Level 3  Income approach with  key inputs  (i) estimated cash flows  (ii)   discount rate ranging  from 13.08% to  17.82%  A significant increase/decrease  discount rate adopted would  result in a significant decrease/  increase in fair value. No further  sensitivity analysis has been  disclosed for the impacts  of changes in the relevant  unobservable inputs as the  management considers the  exposure is insignificant to the  Group. The fair value gain for  the year ended 31st December,  2022 mainly attributed to the  accretion of discounting effect.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair value of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis

The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.

The  directors  of  the  Company  consider  that  the  carrying  amounts  of  the  financial  assets  and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 34.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  26  36  Right-of-use assets  57  260  Investments in subsidiaries  1  1  Amount due from a subsidiary  371,968  362,723  372,052  363,020  Current assets  Other receivables  142  125  Amounts due from subsidiaries  1,069  119  Amounts due from related parties  7,933  6,417  Bank balances and cash  3,603  3,201  12,747  9,862  Current liabilities  Other payables and accruals  8,233  7,434  Lease liabilities  59  209  Amount due to a subsidiary  -  51,156  Amounts due to related parties  72,055  14,360  Amounts due to directors  223  307  80,570  73,466  Net current liabilities  (67,823)  (63,604)  Total assets less current liabilities  304,229  299,416  Capital and reserves  Share capital  105,965  105,965  Reserves  198,264  193,396  304,229  299,361  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  -  55  304,229  299,416   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31st December, 2022

## 34.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY CONTINUED

Movement in the Company's capital and reserves:

| Share  capital  Share  premium  Contributed  surplus  Capital  contribution  Accumulated  losses  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Note i)  (Note ii)  At 1st January, 2021  105,965  967,576  231,749  18,813  (1,013,731)  310,372  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (11,011)  (11,011)  At 31st December, 2021  105,965  967,576  231,749  18,813  (1,024,742)  299,361  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  4,868  4,868  At 31st December, 2022  105,965  967,576  231,749  18,813  (1,019,874)  304,229   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) The  contributed  surplus  of  the  Company  represents  the  difference  between  the  aggregate  net  assets  of  the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to the group reorganisation in 2001 over the nominal value of the share capital of the Company issued for the acquisition.
- (ii) The  capital  contribution  represents  deemed  contributions  from  the  ultimate  parent  and  a  shareholder  arising  from certain transactions with the Company in prior years.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

| ## Year ended 31st December,  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue (including continuing and  discontinued operations)  87,429  64,354  47,658  58,292  102,618  (Loss) profit for the year  attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (46,515)  30,177  10,499  15,114  30,543  Non-controlling interests  (920)  -  -  -  -  (47,435)  30,177  10,499  15,114  30,543  ## As at 31st December,  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Assets and liabilities  Total assets  1,163,835  754,220  770,994  707,743  905,122  Total liabilities  (826,998)  (384,974)  (391,249)  (312,884)  (479,720)  336,837  369,246  379,745  394,859  425,402  Equity attributable to owners  of the Company  336,837  369,246  379,745  394,859  425,402   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|