0 701

0 1 0

<!-- image -->

## Dadi International Group Limited 大地國際集團有限公司

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands and continued in Bermuda with limited liability) (Stock Code: 8130)

## 2022 ANNUAL REPORT

0 1 0

0 1 0

@oo

1 0 1 0

1 0

00

010

0oo

## CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE 'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors  should  be  aware  of  the  potential  risks  of  investing  in  such  companies  and  should  make  the decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main Board and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This  report,  for  which  the  directors  (the  'Directors')  of  Dadi  International  Group  Limited  (the  'Company'  and together with its subsidiaries, the 'Group') collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given  in  compliance  with  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  GEM  of  the  Stock  Exchange  (the  'GEM Listing  Rules')  for  the  purpose  of  giving  information  with  regard  to  the  Company.  The  Directors,  having  made  all reasonable enquiries, confirm that, to the best of their knowledge and belief the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no any other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

## CONTENTS

| - 3 Corporate Information  - 5 Chairman's Statement  - 6 Management Discussion and Analysis  - 22 Profile of Directors  - 26 Corporate Governance Report  - 35 Report of the Directors  - 44 Independent Auditors' Report  - 50 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  - 52 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  - 54 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  - 56 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  - 58 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  - 156 Summary of Financial Information   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Executive Directors

Mr. Qu Zhongrang

Mr. Fu Yuanhong (Chairman) Mr. Wu Xiaoming (Executive Vice Chairman and

Chief Executive Officer)

## Non-executive Directors

Mr. Ju Mengjun Mr. Zhang Xiongfeng

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Dr. Zhang Wei Mr. Law Yui Lun Dr. Jin Lizuo

## Joint Company Secretaries

Mr. Chen Yong

(resigned with effect from 5 March 2022) * Ms. Mak Po Man Cherie (resigned with effect from 5 March 2022) * Mr. Hong Kam Le (appointed with effect from 5 March 2022) * Mr. Bai Mingjun (appointed with effect from 1 April 2022) *

## Compliance Officer

Mr. Fu Yuanhong

## Authorised Representatives

Mr. Fu Yuanhong Ms. Mak Po Man Cherie (resigned with effect from 5 March 2022) * Mr. Hong Kam Le (appointed with effect from 5 March 2022) *

## Registered Office

Clarendon House 2 Church Street Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda

## Corporate Information

## Principal  Share  Registrar  and  Transfer Office

Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited Clarendon House 2 Church Street Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda

## Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office

Tricor Secretaries Limited Level 54, Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong

## Audit Committee

Mr. Law Yui Lun (Chairman) Mr. Zhang Xiongfeng Dr. Zhang Wei Dr. Jin Lizuo

## Remuneration Committee

Dr. Zhang Wei (Chairman) Mr. Fu Yuanhong Mr. Wu Xiaoming Mr. Law Yui Lun Dr. Jin Lizuo

## Nomination Committee

Mr. Fu Yuanhong (Chairman) Dr. Zhang Wei Mr. Law Yui Lun Dr. Jin Lizuo

## Auditors

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited Certified Public Accountants

* Mr.  Chen  Yong  resigned  from  the  position  as  a  joint  company  secretary  of  the  Company,  and  Ms.  Mak  Po  Man  Cherie resigned  from  the  position  as  a  joint  company  secretary  and  an  authorised  representative  of  the  Company  with  effect from 5 March 2022. Consequently, Mr. Hong Kam Le has been appointed as a joint company secretary and an authorised representative of the Company with effect from 5 March 2022, and Mr. Bai Mingjun has been appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company with effect from 1 April 2022. Please refer to the section headed 'Corporate Governance Report -  Joint  Company  Secretaries'  in  this  annual  report  and  the  announcements  of  the  COmpany  dated  4  March  2022  and 1 April 2022 for details.

## Corporate Information

## Legal Advisers

As to Hong Kong Law DLA Piper Hong Kong

As to Bermuda Law Conyers Dill and Pearman

## Head  Office  and  Principal  Place  of Business in Hong Kong

Unit 1504-1506, 15th Floor Office Tower, Convention Plaza 1 Harbour Road Wanchai, Hong Kong

## Principal Bankers

Hang Seng Bank Limited China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited

## Corporate Website

http://www.dadi-international.com.hk

## GEM Stock Code

08130

Dear shareholders,

On behalf of the board (the 'Board') of directors (the 'Directors') of the Company, I hereby present the results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 (the 'Year').

The year of 2022 remains to be an exceedingly difficult year for both the world and the Group. The lasting impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is much longer than expected, and so far the global economy is still under its severe impact. The Group had also suffered from such impact and faced with adverse operating conditions. Upon the completion of  the  acquisition  of  Shanxi  Jinxin  Keyuan  Environmental  Protection  Science  and  Technology  Company  Limited （⼭ 西晉新科源環保科技有限公司） ('Jinxin  Keyuan')  by  the  Group  on  9  February  2021,  during  the  Year,  the  Group had  been  successful  in  expanding  the  scale  of  operation  in  its  environmental  consultancy  business.  Whilst  actively expanding its  nuclear  and  radiation  monitoring  business  for  the  electricity  supply  industry,  the  Group  expanded  its service  offerings  in  relation  to  stone  mine  restoration,  soil  remediation  and  comprehensive  utilisation  of  mine  solid waste  businesses.  At  the  same  time,  the  COVID-19  pandemic  has  raised  the  public's  attention  towards  healthcare industry in general. The Group explored profitable markets and developed presence and expertise in these areas by taking  this  opportunity  to  leverage  its  current  resources  and  network,  commenced  the  sales  of  healthcare  product business  segment  during  the  Year,  introduced  various  healthcare  products  from  overseas  markets  for  sales  in  the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC') through electronic platforms.

During  the  Year,  the  Group  recognised  revenue  from  its  operations  in  relation  to  the  publication,  purchase  and distribution  of  books,  provision  of  environmental  consultancy  services  and  sales  of  healthcare  products.  The  Group recorded  a  year-on-year  decrease  of  approximately  93.8%  in  terms  of  its  revenue  for  the  Year  in  the  amount  of approximately  HK$38.0  million  when  compared  with  that  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2021  ('FY2021')  in  the amount  of  HK$616.0  million.  The  decrease  in  the  revenue  of  the  Group  for  the  year  was  mainly  attributable  to the  forced  scale-back  of  its  operations  in  the  publication,  purchase  and  distribution  of  books  business  due  to  the tightened  cash  flow  and  nearly  stalled  settlement  of  payments  and  receivables  along  the  industry  chain,  partially offset by the increase in revenue generated from the expanding environmental consultancy services business of the Group for the Year. The Group recorded a loss for the Year attributable to owners of the Company in the amount of  HK$217.8  million,  when  compared  to  that  of  HK$152.5  million  for  FY2021.  Such  loss  was  recognised  against the background of the generally adverse operating environment of the books publication, purchase and distribution industry  as  mentioned  above,  and  net  allowance  for  expected  credit  loss  ('ECL')  in  relation  to  the  receivables  of certain  downstream book distributors is recognised in accordance with the applicable accounting standards, details of which are set out in the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis - Financial Review' in this annual report.

Since the beginning of 2022, with the COVID-19 pandemic gradually brought under control in the PRC domestically, the economy commenced its rebounding process. Although the overall economic situation is still not optimistic, the Group is full of confidence in the PRC's economic prospect and long-term sustained and stable growth, and will seize this opportunity to increase its investment in environmental consultancy services sector alongside with maintaining its current business performance on publication, purchase and distribution of books, explore markets for the healthcare product business, and strive to make greater improvement in its operating performance during the Year.

Finally,  I  would  like  to  thank  our  Board  members,  management  and  staff  for  their  contributions  to  the  Group.  I would also like  to  extend  my  sincere  gratitude  to  our  shareholders,  business  partners,  customers  and  suppliers  for their continued support.

## Fu Yuanhong

Chairman

## Chairman's Statement

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## General

During the Year, the Group is principally engaged in the publication, purchase and distribution of books, provision of environmental consultancy services as well as sales of healthcare products.

## Business Overview

## Industry Overview

## Books Industry

In  recent  years,  the  PRC  has  implemented  a  series  of  major  construction  projects  for  primary  and  secondary education  such  as  'the  transformation  of  school  with  poor  condition'  and  'the  balanced  compulsory  education of  up  to  standard',  aiming  at  comprehensively  improving  the  basic  operating  conditions  for  primary  schools  and secondary  schools.  At  the  same  time,  education  authorities  at  all  levels  have  also  begun  to  appreciate  the  impact and role of libraries in primary and secondary schools in school education. On 15 October 2019, the Department of Basic Education under the Ministry of Education promulgated the Notice on Launching Campaign for the Review and Cleanup of Libraries  in  Primary  and  Secondary  Schools  ( 《關於開展全國中小學圖書館審查清理專項行動的通知》 ), which  required  the  review  and  clean-up  of  obsolete  books  supplied  by  libraries  in  primary  and  secondary  schools, with  the  Recommended Book List for Libraries in  Primary  and  Secondary  Schools  Nationwide  ( 《全國中小學圖書館 （室） 推薦書目》 ) as the major reference basis for the supply of books by libraries. Such campaign will accelerate the clean-up  and  update  of  books  supplied  by  libraries  in  primary  and  secondary  schools.  In  March  2021,  the  Ministry of Education of the PRC issued the Administrative Measures on Introduction of Extracurricular Books into School for Primary and Secondary Students ( 《中小學生課外讀物進校園管理辦法》 ), which required a strict regulation over the school books to cultivate a sound environment for the healthy growth of primary and secondary students. With the expected gradual reduction of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, the books industry, being the key pillars for the establishment of the spiritual civilization, shall encounter increased new business opportunities in the future.

## Environmental Protection Service Industry

In  November  2016,  the  State  Council  issued  the  13th  Five-Year  Plan  for  Ecological  and  Environmental  Protection ( 《「十三五」生態環境保護規劃》 ),  which  illustrated  the  direction  for  the  PRC's  ecological  and  environmental protection  work  in  the  next  five  years.  In  March  2017,  the  State  Council  approved  the  13th  Five-Year  Plan  for Nuclear Safety and Radioactive Pollution Prevention and Control with the Vision 2025 ( 《核安全與放射性污染防治 「十三五」規劃及⼆零⼆五年遠景目標》 ),  clearly  defining  the  new  directions  and  goals  for  the  nuclear  safety  and the  prevention  and  control  of  radioactive  pollution  during  the  period  of  the  13th  Five-year  Plan.  Both  plans  clearly propose 'strengthening the supervision and management of associated radioactive mines', 'ensuring the radiation environmental safety of associated radioactive mines', and 'strengthening the radiation environmental management of  associated  radioactive  mines',  placing  the  safety  management  of  the  radiation  environment  of  associated radioactive  mines  and  the  prevention  and  control  of  radioactive  pollution  to  an  unprecedented  position.  In  this context, the relevant market potential will continue to grow.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

In  respect  of  telecommunication  base  stations,  there  are  more  than  5  million  base  stations  to  service  the  4G networks  in  China,  while  the  5G  network  would  need  to  support  1  million  devices  per  square  kilometer,  the network  construction  must  be  very  dense,  requiring  a  large  number  of  small  base  stations  to  support  the network  infrastructure.  Pursuant  to  the  Notice  on  Issuing  the  Memorandum  of  Environmental  Protection  Work  for Communication  Base  Stations  ( 《關於印發通信基站環境保護工作備忘錄的通知》 ),  it  is  clearly  stipulated  in  the Shanxi  Province  Communication  Facilities  Construction  and  Protection  Regulations  ( 《⼭西省通信設施建設與保護 條例》 ),  the  construction  unit  of  communication  facilities  shall  assess  the  level  of  the  electromagnetic  radiation  of the communication base station, publish the test results to the public, and be responsible for the authenticity of the test results. Therefore, as the 5G era approaches, the 'four major operators' in the province currently owning and operating a large number of existing mobile communication base stations will further install and put into operation a large number of 5G communication base stations during the 14th Five-Year Plan period. This industry will be the most significant business growth point for the radiation testing services. In addition, radio and television transmitting stations  and  numerous  meteorological  radars  and  navigation  radar  stations  in  Shanxi  Province  shall  constitute countless electromagnetic sources, most of which will require completion of the requisite environmental protection procedures, as well as the need to conduct radiation environmental assessment and monitoring.

In  respect  of  the  power  industry,  wind  power  projects  and  photovoltaic  power  generation  projects  are  among  the key new energy projects in the PRC, and are the key support projects in the strategic emerging energy development. There  are  a  number  of  areas  in  Shanxi  Province  suitable  to  build  wind  farms  and  install  photovoltaic  power generation panels. Taking into account of the good development value for wind and solar energy, a large number of wind and solar power plants have been established in recent years. At the same time, as a major energy province, there are a large number of power transmission and transformation facilities in Shanxi Province, with voltage levels of 500kV, 220kV, 110kV AC transmission and transformation, and its 1,000kV UHV transmission and transformation, as  well  as  newly  developed  DC  high-voltage  transmission  projects.  These  present  a  large  potential  for  radiation monitoring demands.

In  respect  of  radiation  in  general  and  from  nuclear  operations,  the  State  has  successively  established  various specifications and standards in 2021, such as the Technical Specification for Radiation Environmental Monitoring ( 《輻 射環境監測技術規範》 ), the General Regulation of Quality Assurance for Ionizing Radiation Monitoring ( 《電離輻射 監測質量保證通⽤要求》 ) and the Technical Specifications for Emergency Monitoring in Radiation Accidents ( 《輻射 事故應急監測技術規範》 ),  providing  legal  safeguards  and  basis  for  the  development  of  the  Company's  business  in respect of environmental assessment and monitoring of nuclear and radiation activities.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

While there are no nuclear facilities in Shanxi Province, nuclear technology applications are present in the province. At present, there are 1,459 nuclear technology utilization units in the province, comprising mainly nuclear medicine departments,  radiotherapy  rooms  and  diagnostic  radiology  departments  in  hospitals,  scientific  research  units  for industrial  flaw  detection,  well  logging,  density  and  ash  analysis,  and  China  Institute  for  Radiation  Protection,  in which 3,506 sealed radioactive sources are used, and a large number of radiation devices are equipped. There are also  development  and  utilization  of  associated  radioactive  mines.  Shanxi  Province  is  a  major  province  of  mineral resources,  thereby  presenting  a  prominent  market  potential  to  strengthen  the  monitoring  of  surrounding  radiation environment and effluent.

## Healthcare Products Industry

With social progress and economic development, human beings are increasingly concerned about their own health. The health consumption level of global residents is rising year by year, and the demand for nutritional and healthcare food  remains  very  strong.  Healthcare  food  is  called  'functional  food'  or  'healthy  food'  or  'nutritional  food'  in Europe and the United States, 'reformed food' in Germany, 'food for specified health use' in Japan, and is included in the 'specific nutritional food' category. Countries all over the world attach great importance to the development of  healthcare  food,  and  new  functions,  new  products,  new  presentations  and  new  consumption  methods  are constantly emerging. The PRC market has significant development potential. In the coming years, there will be 270 million 'senior citizens' in the PRC, presenting a clear demand for health products with sufficient spending power. In  addition,  there  is  a  current  trend  that  promotion  for  nutrition  is  being  promoted  among  younger  generation. At present,  young  people  in  the  PRC  have  some  distinctive  characteristics  such  as  'loving  food,  beauty  and  health', and  have  strong  demand  for  diet  and  health,  which  will  effectively  expand  domestic  demand  alongside  with  their increase in income in the future.

With  the  increase  of  per  capita  gross  domestic  product  in  the  PRC,  consumers  have  undergone  fundamental changes in the consumption concept and willingness of healthcare food, and healthcare food will gradually change from discretionary  consumption to essential consumer goods in terms of consumption attributes. With the gradual implementation  of  the  National  Nutrition  Plan  (2017-2030)  ( 《國民營養計劃（ 2017-2030 年）》 )  and  the  'Healthy China 2030' Planning Outline ( 《「健康中國 2030 」規劃綱要》 )  promulgated  by  the  State  Council  of  the  PRC,  the big  health  industry,  especially  the  healthcare  food  industry,  will  usher  in  a  golden  period  in  the  history  in  the  PRC. The Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Healthy Development of the Food Industry ( 《關於促進食品工業健康發展的 指導意見》 )  promulgated jointly by the National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC and the Ministry of  Industry  and  Information  Technology  of  the  PRC  points  out  that  it  is  necessary  to  actively  carry  out  food  health efficacy evaluation, accelerate the development of infant formula food, food for the elderly and functional food that meet  the  needs  of  specific  groups,  support  the  development  of  healthcare  products,  and  engage  in  the  research and  development  of  functional  proteins,  functional  dietary  fibers,  functional  glycogen,  functional  oils,  probiotics, bioactive peptides and other healthcare and healthy foods.

In  recent  years,  healthcare  products  market  in  the  PRC  has  witnessed  rapid  growth.  In  2021,  the  market  size  of healthcare  products  in  the  PRC  increased  by  approximately  RMB20.5  billion  to  approximately  RMB270.8  billion compared  with  2020,  representing  a  year-on-year  increase  of  8.19%.  Under  the  background  of  increasing  health awareness  and  higher  market  demand,  the  overall  market  size  of  healthcare  products  in  China  will  continue  to expand.  It  is  expected  that  the  size  of  healthcare  products  industry  in  the  PRC  will  reach  RMB320  billion  in  2023, with significant potential for market development.

## Business Review

The  outbreak  of  the  novel  coronavirus  pneumonia  ('COVID-19')  pandemic  had  a  significant  impact  on  the  global economy. The Year had proved to be very difficult for the Group. Despite the challenges imposed by the generally unfavourable  economic  and  industry  environment,  the  Group  exhibited  resilience  in  its  overall  operations  over  the Year. The Board, together with the support of the management of the Group, strived hard to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its operations on one hand, and on the other, devoted resources to support the growth of  the  environmental  protection  business  segment,  which  is  the  emerging  revenue  generator  of  the  Group,  and explored new opportunities in promoting the sales of healthcare products.

## Publication, Purchase and Distribution of Books

The Group's publication, purchase and distribution of books business segment is generally operated and maintained by its non-wholly owned subsidiary, namely, Dadi Feichi Culture Development (Shanghai) Company Limited ( 大地飛 馳文化發展（上海） 有限公司 ).

The Group issued over 800 genres of books with a total of approximately 400,000 books published and distributed over  the  Year.  The  Group  recorded  sales  of  approximately  HK$2.7  million  (FY2021:  HK$608.5  million)  and  a segmental  loss  of  approximately  HK$312.8  million  (FY2021:  HK$39.7  million  segmental  profit)  in  respect  of  its publication, purchase and distribution of books business for the Year. The year-on-year significant decrease of 99.6% in  the  segmental  revenue  and  the  turnaround  from  segmental  profit  to  segmental  loss  were  mainly  attributable  to the  severe  impact  suffered  from  a  number  of  industry  participants  arising  from  the  continued  sporadic  outbreak of COVID-19 confirmed cases in various regions in the PRC as a result of the evolvement of the COVID-19 variants over the Year, leading to a nearly stalled settlement of payments and receivables along the industry chain (including those from the Group's downstream customers, namely, the book distributors) and thus tightened cash flows among the  industry  players  and  a  generalised  slowdown  in  the  business  and  financial  performance  of  the  books  industry. In  such  circumstances,  the  Group,  adopting  a  prudent  capital  management  approach,  was  forced  to  temporarily scale  down  its  operations  in  this  business  segment.  Meanwhile,  the  Group  continued  to  incur  certain  direct  costs including the costs for book procurement and delivery costs associated with the book distribution over the Year to sustain the segmental operations. In light of the industry circumstances, the Group assessed the credit risk in relation to certain customers in this business segment and recognised impairment losses in relation to the ECL in respect of the receivables from such downstream distributors. Please refer to the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis - Financial Review - Loss for the Year' in this annual report for details.

Over  the  Year,  the  Group  had  been  strengthening  its  effort  to  recoup  the  outstanding  receivables  from  certain downstream distributors as part of its ongoing commitment to maintain its liquidity and financial position to facilitate its business operations and development. For instance, in response to the overall condition of the industry, the Group had launched legal proceedings in the PRC against certain downstream distributors on contractual claims. The Group is paying close attention to the development of the book publication and distribution industry, and is in the course of taking active initiatives to conduct consultations with the authorities and seek legal advice as to any further available course  of  action  to  demand  immediate  settlement  of  outstanding  fees  and  receivables,  and  to  seek  compensation and remedies from the counterparties as and when appropriate.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Environmental Consultancy Services

The environmental consultancy services segment became the major revenue driver of the Group for the Year. Upon the  completion  of  acquisition  of  Jinxin  Keyuan  in  February  2021,  the  Group  had  been  successful  in  expanding  the scale  of  operation  in  its  environmental  consultancy  business.  The  management  devoted  more  resources  towards the  development  of  its  segmental  operations  and  was  met  with  further  business  opportunities.  During  the  Year, whilst actively expanding its nuclear and radiation monitoring business for the electricity supply industry, the Group expanded its  service  offerings  in  relation  to  stone  mine  restoration,  soil  remediation  and  comprehensive  utilization of  mine  solid  waste  businesses.  Mine  remediation  and  soil  remediation  services  focused  on  the  remediation  of the  damaged  mountains,  soil  and  vegetation  left  by  historical  mining  activities  as  well  as  those  sustained  in  the course  of  new  mining  activities  through  the  implementation  of  holistic  technical  and  commercial  solutions;  as for  comprehensive  utilisation  of  mine  solid  wastes,  wastes  generated  in  the  mining  process  were  processed  and transformed  into  construction  raw  materials,  so  as  to  achieve  the  goal  of  ecological  environmental  protection  and green mining of local governments and mining enterprises.

This  business  segment  contributed  revenue  of  approximately  HK$34.7  million  (FY2021:  approximately  HK$4.2 million), and profit of approximately HK$7.7 million (FY2021: approximately HK$0.6 million) to the Group during the Year,  representing  a  year-on-year  increase  of  approximately  733.1%  and  1,190.7%  in  the  segmental  revenue  and profit,  respectively.  The  substantial  increases  above  were  principally  attributable  to  (i)  the  expansion  in  the  service offerings  and  projects  undertaken  by  the  Group  in  relation  to  environmental  consultancy  services  over  the  Year; and (ii)  the  relatively  small  segmental  revenue  and  profit  recognised  by  the  Group  in  FY2021  as  the  acquisition  of the  majority  interest  in  Shanxi  Jinxin  Keyuan,  the  principal  subsidiary  of  the  Group  responsible  for  the  provision  of environmental protection services, was only completed, and the latter's accounts were only consolidated towards the Group's accounts, by the end of FY2021.

## Healthcare Products

The  COVID-19  pandemic  has  raised  the  public's  attention  towards  healthcare  industry  in  general.  The  Group,  as a  continuing  initiative  to  explore  profitable  markets  and  develop  presence  and  expertise  in  these  areas  taking advantage of its current resources and network, commenced the sales of healthcare product business segment during the  Year.  The  Group  introduced  various  healthcare  products  from  overseas  markets  for  sales  in  the  PRC  through electronic  platforms.  The  healthcare  products  comprised  primarily  of  dietary  supplements  which  aimed  to  support the metabolism and internal circulation of human beings. Meanwhile, as part of the strategies to expand the target customer group to the younger generations and leveraging on the Group's developing presence in Japan, the Group was introducing chewable functional natto snacks as well as other series of healthcare products featuring functional dietary  fiber  ingredients  as  part  of  its  product  portfolio  to  match  the  youth's  trend  for  the  growing  support  for healthcare and dietary supplements in the PRC.

During the Year, the Group recorded sales of approximately HK$0.3 million (FY2021: nil) and a loss of approximately HK$1.5 million (FY2021: nil) from the sales of healthcare products.

## Other Business Segments

During the Year, the Group had minimal operations in the advertising and media related services segment and the financial  leasing  and  other  financial  service  segment.  The  Group  did  not  recognise  any  revenue  (FY2021:  nil)  and recorded  a  loss  of  approximately  HK$19.5  million  (FY2021:  HK$159.9  million)  in  relation  to  the  advertising  and media related services segment; and recorded a revenue of approximately HK$0.2 million (FY2021: HK$3.2 million) and a loss of approximately HK$29.7 million (FY2021: HK$14.5 million) in relation to the financial leasing and other financial service segment for the Year.

## Financial Review

## Revenue

The Group recognised revenue of approximately HK$38.0 million for the Year, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 93.8% as compared to that of approximately HK$616.0 million for FY2021.

During the Year, the Group principally derived its revenue from its publication, purchase and distribution of books as well as the provision of environmental consultancy services. The Group also commenced certain sales of healthcare products. The Group did not recognise any revenue in respect of its advertising and media related services segment in the Year, and recorded a substantially less revenue from the provision financial leasing and other financial service during the Year as compared to that of FY2021.

The table below sets out the breakdown of the Group's segment revenue and results for the Year and FY2021.

| Advertising and media  related services  Financial leasing and  other financial services  Publication,  purchase and  distribution of books  Environmental  protection services  Healthcare products  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  Sales to external customers  -  -  230  3,237  2,709  608,533  34,748  4,171  274  -  37,961  615,941   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The substantial decrease in the Group's revenue for the Year was mainly attributable to (i) a significant decrease in the  Group's  revenue  from  the  publication,  purchase  and  distribution  of  books  segment  due  to  the  impact  of  the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry participants creating severe cash flow pressure and delay in the settlement of payments  and  receivables  along  the  industry  chain,  thereby  causing  a  generalised  slowdown  of  the  business  and economic activities in the industry; and (ii) the minimal operations and therefore, relatively low revenue recognised from the Group's provision of advertising and media related services as well as financial leasing and other financial services as the Group's current operations and business strategies were focused towards developing its environmental consultancy  services  business  and  the  sales  of  healthcare  products  business,  partially  offset  by  the  substantial increase in the Group's environmental consultancy services segmental revenue and certain revenue recognised from the developing healthcare product sales.

Please  refer  to  the  section  headed  'Management  Discussion  and  Analysis  -  Business  Review'  in  this  annual  report for further details of the segmental financial performance of the Group.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Costs of Sales

The costs of sales of the Group consisted primarily of costs directly attributable to the provision of its services and sales  of  goods,  which  mainly  included  (among  other  things)  the  direct  labour  and  staff  costs  associated  to  the provision of services and sales of healthcare products; the procurement costs of books for the purpose of publication and  distribution  and  of  the  healthcare  products  for  sales  in  the  PRC;  and  the  costs  in  relation  to  procurement  of outsourced  technology  services  for  the  purpose  of  rendering  certain  environmental  consultancy  services  for  the Group's customers.

The  Group  recorded  costs  of  sales  of  approximately  HK$19.5  million  for  the  Year,  representing  a  year-on-year decrease  of  approximately  96.0%  as  compared  to  that  of  approximately  HK$490.7  million  for  FY2021.  The substantial decrease was mainly attributable to (i) the forced reduction in the scale of operation of the publication, purchase  and  distribution  of  books  segment  in  light  of  the  industry  condition  leading  to  a  significantly  lower procurement  costs  incurred;  and  (ii)  the  reduction  in  direct  costs  incurred  for  the  advertising  and  media  related services  and  provision  financial  leasing  and  other  financial  service  business  segments  as  a  reduction  in  their  scale of  operations  by  the  Group,  partially  offset  by  (i)  the  increase  in  costs  incurred  for  the  procurement  of  equipment and outsourced technology services as well as increase in manpower and other resources to support the expansion of  the  provision  of  environmental  consultancy  services;  and  (ii)  the  initial  start-up  costs  incurred  to  prepare  for  the commencement of the sales of healthcare product business segment.

## Gross Profit and Gross Margin

The  Group's  gross  profit  recorded  a  year-on-year  decrease  of  approximately  85.2%  from  approximately  HK$125.2 million  for  FY2021  to  approximately  HK$18.5  million  for  the  Year.  The  decrease  in  the  gross  profit  of  the  Group was  mainly  attributable  to  the  substantial  decrease  in  the  Group's  revenue  as  a  result  of  the  forced  scale-back  of the operations in the Group's book publication, purchase and distribution business, as well as the reduction in the Group's provision of advertising and media related services and provision financial leasing and other financial services leading to a significant drop in the Group's revenue generated from these business segments.

The gross margin (expressed as a percentage of gross profit over revenue) of the Group increased from approximately 20.3% for FY2021 to approximately 48.7% for the Year. The improvement of the gross margin of the Group was mainly  attributable  to  the  relatively  significant  decrease  in  the  direct  costs  associated  with  the  procurement  and distribution of books, and the reduction in costs incurred for the purpose of offering advertising and media related services  as  well  as  financial  leasing  and  other  financial  services  due  to  the  reduced  scale  of  operations  of  these business segments as mentioned above.

## Administrative Expenses

The  Group  recorded  a  year-on-year  decrease  of  approximately  36.4%  from  HK$70.7  million  for  FY2021  to approximately  HK$44.9  million  for  the  Year  in  respect  of  its  administrative  expenses.  The  decrease  in  the  Group's administrative  expenses  was  principally  attributable  to  (i)  the  absence  of  recognition  of  consulting  service  fee payment to Shanxi Environment Protection Fund Co., Ltd. ( ⼭西省環境保護基金有限公司 ) ('Shanxi Fund') pursuant to  the  financing  services  framework  agreement  entered  into  between  the  Company  (for  itself  and  on  behalf  of  its subsidiaries) and Shanxi Fund, the agreement having been expired on 31 December 2020 upon the end of the term of  the  agreement  (please  refer  to  the  paragraph  headed  'Report  of  the  Directors  -  Connected  Transaction'  in  the 2021  annual  report  of  the  Company  and  the  announcement  of  the  Company  dated  11  August  2020  for  details); and (ii)  the  cost-saving  measures  including  reduction  in  the  office  rental  implemented  by  the  Group  in  light  of  the relatively unfavourable business environment as mentioned above.

## Finance Costs

The  Group  recognised  finance  costs  of  approximately  HK$52.5  million  for  the  Year,  representing  a  year-on-year decrease  of  approximately  12.7%  from  approximately  HK$60.2  million  for  FY2021.  The  decrease  in  the  Group's finance costs was mainly attributable to the lower interest rates charged by the new loans obtained by the Group as replacements to the then existing loans.

## Loss for the Year

The  Group  recorded  loss  for  the  year  and  loss  for  the  year  attributable  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  of approximately  HK$378.5  million  and  HK$217.8  million,  respectively,  for  the  Year,  when  compared  to  those  of HK$196.1 million and HK$152.5 million, respectively, for FY2021. The deterioration of the year-on-year loss position of the Group was principally due to (i) the recognition of net allowance for ECL, primarily attributable to the recovery of the receivables from certain downstream distributors in the Group's books publication, purchase and distribution business segment; and (ii) the decrease in the Group's revenue and gross profit for the Year primarily attributable to the forced scale-back of operations in the publication, purchase and distribution of books business segment, partially offset by the year-on-year decrease in the administrative expenses and finance costs incurred by the Group as part of its cost-saving effort in light of the current business environment.

The  recognition  of  ECL  in  respect  of  the  receivables  arising  from  the  Group's  books  publication,  purchase  and distribution  business  segment  was  against  the  background  of  the  continued  sporadic  outbreak  of  COVID-19 confirmed  cases  in  various  regions  in  the  PRC  due  to  the  evolvement  of  the  COVID-19  variants  over  the  Year,  the resultant  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  led  to  an  overall  slowdown  of  business  activities  within  the  industry leading to tightened cash flow positions faced by a number of industry participants and a nearly stalled settlement of payments and receivables along the industry chain. For details against the background where such ECL is recognised, please refer to the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis - Business Review - Publication, Purchase and Distribution of Books' in this annual report for details.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Management Discussion and Analysis

The Group performs impairment assessment under the ECL model on financial assets. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition. For more details as to the recognition of the ECL in respect of the aforementioned receivables, please refer to the paragraph headed 'Financial instruments - Financial assets - Impairment of financial assets' under note 4, the paragraph headed 'Financial risk management objectives and policies - Credit risk' under note 6 and note 24 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Group in this annual report.

## Prospects

Despite  the  COVID-19  pandemic  had  struck  hard  on  the  worldwide  economy,  and  the  Group  had  suffered  the resultant impact, particularly as to its publication, purchase and distribution of books business segment, the Group considers  that  the  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  will  be  temporary,  and  will  ease  off  as  the  general  economy and  normal  business  activities  gradually  resume.  With  the  determined  and  effective  measures  imposed  by  the  PRC authorities to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, the impact from the pandemic will eventually diminished. The Group will  conduct  careful  assessment  on  the  outlook  of  each  industry  and  operate  in  a  stable  manner.  In  respect  of  the publication,  purchase  and  distribution  of  books  business  segment,  the  Group  is  strengthening  its  effort  to  recoup the  outstanding  receivables  from  various  industry  counterparties  (particularly,  the  downstream  book  distributors) including by way of resorting to various legal measures as mentioned in the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis - Business Review - Publication, Purchase and Distribution of Books' in this annual report. Meanwhile, it  will  conduct careful assessment and select prominent institutions to seek business cooperation opportunities with strategic values to the Group to resume the normal scale of operations in this segment.

In  terms  of  its  environmental  consultancy  services,  in  light  of  the  increasing  public  awareness  and  policy  support on  environmental  protection  initiatives  as  well  as  enhanced  compliance  obligations  imposed  by  the  strengthened regulatory  framework,  the  Group  expects  that  the  demand  for  its  environmental  consultancy  services  will  continue to  grow.  In  this  regard,  the  Group  will  continue  to  enhance  its  effort  in  developing  its  service  offerings  as  well  as expanding its  customer  base  so  as  to  cover  more  industry  needs.  The  Group  is  planning  to  devote  more  resources support  to  Jinxin  Keyuan,  the  principal  subsidiary  of  the  Group  responsible  for  the  operations  of  this  business segment,  in  order  to  promote  its  capabilities  to  undertake  a  wider  variety  of  environmental  protection  and conservation  projects  and  diversity  its  revenue  streams  and  improve  the  overall  profitability.  Further,  the  Group  is currently  in  negotiations  with  the  PRC  government  subordinate  entities  in  respect  of  a  potential  joint  development of a centralised and unified green stone material industry trading service platform in Laizhou, Shandong by way of government guidance and market-oriented operation. Please refer to the section headed 'Report of the Directors Events after the reporting period' for details.

As  a  relatively  new  business  segment  for  the  sales  of  healthcare  products,  the  Group  plans  to  dedicate  more resources to explore the market potentials and expand the scale of operations in a gradual manner. In this regard, the  Group  will  further  strengthen  the  cooperation  and  discussion  with  professional  technology  and  product development agencies overseas and locally to identify potential healthcare and dietary products in order to expand the  product  portfolio  of  the  Group.  Further,  the  Group  will  conduct  further  market  study,  particularly  in  respect  of the youth generation market, to identify the market leads with an aim gain a first-mover advantage as one of the first  industry  participants to introduce the appropriate products from overseas for sale in the PRC, and to meet the increasing awareness of the healthcare needs by the younger generations locally.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

The COVID-19 pandemic had brought changes to the economic structure of the PRC and globally, certain strategic emerging  industries  such  as  new  energy,  environmental  protection,  conservation  and  restoration,  as  well  as biomedicine  and  healthcare  have  evolved  as  a  result,  raising  the  public's  attention  and  resource  devotion  to  the research and development of new technologies, product and service offerings in these industries. In the coming year, the Group will pay close attention to the industry developments, seize the opportunities and strive to enhance the revenue drivers of the Group in order to improve the overall financial performance of the Group and bring values to the shareholders of the Company.

## Final Dividend

The Board does not recommend the payment of final dividend for the Year (FY2021: nil).

## Liquidity and Financial Resources

The Group generally derives cash for operation from internal cash flow and from borrowings in the PRC. As at 31 March 2022, the Group had total assets of approximately HK$1,085.0 million (as at 31 March 2021: approximately HK$1,340.9  million),  including  trade,  bills  and  other  receivables,  deposits  and  prepayments  of  approximately HK$975.2  million  (as  at  31  March  2021:  approximately  HK$1,221.8  million)  and  net  cash  and  bank  balances  of approximately  HK$16.9  million  (as  at  31  March  2021:  approximately  HK$36.2  million).  As  at  31  March  2022,  the Group's  borrowings  amounted  to  approximately  HK$652.7  million  (as  at  31  March  2021:  approximately  HK$627.2 million).  Details  of  the  Group's  borrowings  as  at  31  March  2022  are  set  out  in  note  31  of  the  notes  to  the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

The  above  changes  were  mainly  attributable  to  the  impact  of  COVID-19  pandemic  suffered  by  the  Group  and,  in particular,  a  general  downturn  of  the  performance  of  the  books  industry  over  the  Year  due  to  the  tightened  cash flow  and  an  overall  delay  in  settlement  of  payment  and  receivables  among  the  industry  participants,  leading  to the  recognition  of  ECL  in  respect  of  the  receivables  from  certain  downstream  distributors  (details  of  which  are disclosed  in  the  section  headed  'Management  Discussion  and  Analysis  -  Business  Review  -  Publication,  Purchase and Distribution of Books' in this annual report), and hence a year-on-year decrease of approximately 20.2% in the Group's trade, bills  and other receivables, deposits and prepayments as mentioned above.

The Group adopted a prudent capital management approach in light of the industry circumstances and temporarily eased  its  pace  of  operations  in  the  book  publication,  purchase  and  distribution  segment;  meanwhile,  the  Group ramped up its effort  in  its  environmental  protection  business  segment  by  expanding  the  number  of  active  projects and  increase  in  its  provision  of  environmental  consultancy  services.  As  such,  the  Group  had  to  resort  more  to its  internal  resources  and  borrowings  to  maintain  its  day-to-day  operations  as  well  as  to  support  the  business expansion in the environmental protection sector, therefore leading to a relatively substantial year-on-year decrease of  approximately  53.4%  in  the  Group's  net  cash  and  bank  balances,  coupled  with  a  year-on-year  increase  of approximately 4.1% in the Group's borrowings.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

The  Group's  current  assets  and  current  liabilities  as  at  31  March  2022  were  approximately  HK$1,028.8  million (as  at  31  March  2021:  approximately  HK$1,292.1  million)  and  approximately  HK$1,058.7  million  (as  at  31  March 2021:  approximately  HK$970.2  million),  respectively.  The  Group's  non-current  liabilities  as  at  31  March  2022  was approximately  HK$0.2  million  (as  at  31  March  2021:  approximately  HK$0.2  million).  The  year-on-year  decrease  of approximately 20.4% in the Group's current assets was mainly attributable to the decrease in the Group's trade, bills and other receivables, deposits and prepayments and in the Group's net cash and bank balances as mentioned above. The year-on-year increase of approximately 9.1% in the Group's current liabilities was mainly due to (i) the increase in the Group's borrowings to support its daily operations as well as the expansion of the environmental consultancy business segment; and (ii) the increase in the trade and other payables of the Group of approximately 20.9% from approximately HK$298.8 million as at 31 March 2021 to approximately HK$361.3 million as at 31 March 2022, the latter the major cause of which was the consequent extension of trade payables settlement resulting from the delay in  the  Group's  operations under the COVID-19 pandemic. The non-current liabilities, being the non-current portion of  the  lease  liabilities  of  the  Group,  remained  approximately  the  same  as  at  31  March  2022  and  31  March  2021. Please refer to note 32 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report for details.

References are made to the paragraphs headed 'Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements - Going concern'  under  note  4  and  note  31  of  the  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  in  this  annual  report, whereby the Group had fallen behind the interest payments of certain borrowings drawn by the Group during the Year. To this end, the lenders have waived all such defaults and have not demanded for any immediate repayment of the borrowings. The Group has also been in active negotiations and is concluding with the lenders on the renewal and/or settlement of such borrowings.

The  management  of  the  Group  has  been  striving  to  obtain  sufficient  financial  resources  to  maintain  and  improve the  working  capital  and  liquidity  of  the  Group.  Please  refer  to  the  paragraph  headed  'Basis  of  preparation  of consolidated  financial  statements  -  Going  concern'  under  note  4  of  the  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial statements in  this  annual  report  for  details.  The  Directors  have  urged  the  management  of  the  Company,  and  shall lead the initiatives to procure sufficient financial resources to be in place to address the going-concern issue of the Group. To this end, attention is drawn to the paragraph headed 'Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern' in the independent auditors' report contained in this annual report.

## Gearing Ratio

The  gearing  ratio,  expressed  as  a  percentage  of  total  liabilities  over  total  assets,  of  the  Group  was  approximately 97.6%  (as  at  31  March  2021:  approximately  72.4%).  The  increase  in  the  gearing  ratio  of  the  Group  was  mainly attributable  to  the  combined  effect  of  (i)  the  increases  in  the  Group's  liabilities  in  terms  of  its  trade  and  other payables as well as its borrowings; and (ii) the decreases in the Group's net cash and bank balances and the trade, bills  and  other  receivables,  deposits  and  prepayments,  particularly  in  relation  to  the  recognition  of  ECL  in  respect of certain receivables from certain downstream distributors of the Group's publication, purchase and distribution of books business segment as mentioned above.

## Treasury Policies

The  primary  objective  of  the  Group's  capital  management  is  to  maintain  its  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern so  that  the  Group  can  constantly  provide  returns  for  the  Shareholders  and  benefits  for  other  stakeholders  by implementing  proper  product  pricing  and  securing  access  to  financing  at  reasonable  costs.  The  Group  actively and  regularly  reviews  and  manages  its  capital  structure  and  makes  adjustments  by  taking  into  consideration  the changes in economic conditions, its future capital requirements, prevailing and projected profitability and operating cash  flows,  projected  capital  expenditures  and  projected  strategic  investment  opportunities.  The  Group  also  closely monitors its gearing ratio as mentioned above.

## Foreign Currency Exposure

The  Group's  businesses  are  mainly  conducted  in  Renminbi  ('RMB'),  Hong  Kong  dollars  and  United  States  dollars. Currently, the Group has not employed any foreign currency derivative instruments to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange  risk.  However,  the  Group's  management  monitors  closely  the  exposures  and  will  consider  hedging  the exposures should the need arise.

## Interest Rate Exposure

The  Group's  interest  rate  risk  arises  primarily  from  bank  and  other  borrowings  and  bank  balances.  Borrowings  at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Currently, the Group does not employed any financial instruments to hedge against interest rate risk.

## Capital Structure

The Board monitors the Group's capital structure by reviewing its cash flow requirements and considering its future financial  obligations  and  commitments.  There  had  been  no  change  in  the  Company's  capital  structure  during  the Year. As at 31 March 2022, the Company's issued share capital was approximately HK$36.4 million (the same as at 31 March 2021), and the number of ordinary shares issued by the Company was 3,640,627,457 (the same as at 31 March 2021).

## Commitments

The Group did not have any material capital commitment as at 31 March 2022 (as at 31 March 2021: nil).

## Charge on Assets

As at 31 March 2022, the Group did not have any charge on its assets (as at 31 March 2021: nil).

## Contingent Liabilities

As at 31 March 2022, save as disclosed in the unaudited consolidated financial statements set out above, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (as at 31 March 2021: nil).

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Significant Investments

Save  for  the  investment  in  its  subsidiaries  by  the  Company,  the  Group  did  not  have  any  significant  investments during the Year.

## Material  Acquisitions  and  Disposals  of  Subsidiaries,  Associates  and  Joint Ventures

The Group did not have any material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the Year, when compared to FY2021, during which the Group completed the acquisition of 60% of the equity interest in Jinxin Keyuan at an initial consideration of RMB27 million pursuant to an acquisition agreement (the 'Acquisition Agreement') entered into among the Company, Zhongtou Jinfu Technology Development (Beijing) Company Limited. ( 眾投金服科技發展（北京） 有限公司 ) ('Zhongtou Jinfu', a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), Han Jin ( 韓晉 ), Wang Huaiyu ( 王懷宇 ),  Zhao  Yongde  ( 趙永德 )  and  Zhou  Jin  ( 周進 )  (collectively  the  'Vendors').  For  details  of  the said acquisition, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 28 December 2020, 19 January 2021 and 9 February 2021 (collectively the 'Acquisition Announcements').

## Profit Guarantee in Relation to the Acquisition of Jinxin Keyuan

Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, the Vendors jointly and severally guarantee and undertake to the Company and Zhongtou Jinfu that (i) the revenue from the principal business of Jinxin Keyuan will grow year by year; and (ii) the audited net profit after deducting all extraordinary items of Jinxin Keyuan will be not less than the amounts set out below for the relevant years:

| ## Relevant year  ## Guaranteed Profit  the year ending 31 December 2021  RMB5,500,000  the year ending 31 December 2022  RMB6,050,000  the year ending 31 December 2023  RMB6,655,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

If  Jinxin  Keyuan  does  not  meet  the  above  performance  targets,  the  consideration  for  the  said  acquisition  shall  be adjusted in the manner set out in the Acquisition Agreement, pursuant to which the Company may repurchase part or  all  the  consideration  shares  issued  to  the  Vendors.  Please  refer  to  the  Acquisition  Announcements  for  further details.

Based on the information available to the Group, the profit guarantee for the year ended 31 December 2021 had been met.

## Future Plan for Material Investments and Capital Assets

Save as disclosed in the section headed 'Report of the Directors - Events after the Reporting Period' in this annual report, the Board had not approved any plan for material investments or acquisitions of capital assets.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Principal Risks and Uncertainties

| Principal risks  Description  ## Mitigating actions  Business risk  Business risk  is  the  risk  of  rapid  changes  in customers' preference and price driven  competition  could  impact  the  Group's  performance.  •  Review  market  trends  and  maintain  a  competitive  position  by  recruiting  and  retaining  quality  staff  to  provide  flexible solutions to the customers.  Economic risk  Economic risk is the risk of any downturn  in  economic conditions could impact the  Group's performance.  •  Review  forward  looking  indicators  to  identify economic conditions.  Liquidity risk  Liquidity  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  Group  would  not  be  able  to  meet  its  financial  obligations as they fall due.  •  Monitor liquidity and balance sheet.  •  Maintain  appropriate  liquidity  to  cover commitments.  Exchange risk  Exchange  risk  is  the  risk  that  changes  in  foreign  exchange  rates  would  affect  the  Group's  income  and  the  value  of  its  holdings of assets.  •  Closely monitor statement of financial  position  and  cashflow  exchange  risk  exposures  and  consider  appropriate  use  of  financial  instruments,  such  as  forward  exchange  contracts,  foreign  currency  options  and  forward  rate  agreements,  to  hedge  the  exchange  risk.  People risk  People risk is the risk of loss the services  of  any  Directors,  senior  management  and  other  key  personnel  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  Group's  businesses.  •  Provide  competitive  reward  and  benefit packages to attract and retain  the employees the Group need.  •  Ensure  that  the  staff  of  the  Group  has the right working environment to  enable  them  to  do  the  best  job  and  maximise their satisfaction at work.  Legal and  regulatory risk  Legal  and  regulatory  risk  is  the  risk  that  a  breach  of  laws  and  regulations  could  lead  to  litigation,  investigations  or  disputes,  resulting  in  additional  costs  on  civil  and/or  criminal  proceedings  and  reputational damage being incurred.  •  Monitor  changes  and  developments  in  the  regulatory  environment  and  ensure that sufficient resources being  made available  to  implement  for  any  compulsory changes.  •  Seek  legal  or  other  specialist  advice  as appropriate.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Environmental Policies

The  Group  is  committed  to  acting  in  an  environmentally  responsible  manner.  Recycling  and  use  of  eco-friendly stationery, plus a series of measures to save paper and energy, resulted in more efficient use of resources, as well as reduction of waste.

## Compliance with Environmental Regulations

Due to the nature of the business of the Group, the Directors are of the opinion that no specific laws and regulations related  to  environmental  protection  obligations  on  the  part  of  the  Group  has  significant  impact  on  its  business operations.

## Major Customers and Suppliers

The percentage of sales and purchases for the Year attributable to the Group's major customers and suppliers are as follows:

## Sales

| - the largest customer  7%  - five largest customers combined  24%  ## Purchases  - the largest supplier  37%  - the five largest suppliers combined  63%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  no  time  during  the  Year  did  the  Directors  and  their  associates  or  a  shareholder  of  the  Company  (which  to  the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital) had any interest in the major customers or suppliers referred  to above.

## Emolument Policy

The  emoluments  of  the  Directors  are  decided  by  the  Board  with  reference  to  the  recommendations  from  the remuneration committee of the Board, having regard to the Company's operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics.

The Company has adopted a share option scheme as an incentive to Directors and eligible participants. Please also refer to the section headed 'Report of the Directors - Share option scheme' in this annual report for details.

## Management Contract

No management contract was in force during the Year for the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the Group's business subsisted at the end of the Year or at any time during the Year.

## Employees

As at 31 March 2022, the Group employed around 99 employees (as at 31 March 2021: around 80 employees). The remuneration policy and package of the Group's employees are maintained at market level and are reviewed annually by  the  management.  Their  remuneration,  promotion  and  salary  review  are  assessed  based  on  job  responsibilities, work performance, professional experiences and the prevailing industry practices. The employees in Hong Kong and the PRC have been enrolled to the appropriate mandatory provident fund schemes and retirement benefits schemes. In addition to basic salary, discretionary bonuses and other fringe benefits such as medical insurance, share options may  also  be  granted  to  eligible  employees  at  the  discretion  of  the  Board  and  are  subject  the  performance  of  the individual employees as well as the Group. Please refer to the section headed 'Report of the Directors - Share option scheme' in this annual report for details.

The  Group  regards  its  employees  as  the  most  important  asset  and  resource  and  provides  regular  training  courses and a variety of development programs and has developed relevant training policies and procedures to enhance the effectiveness of such training programs. Trainings provided to the employees cover topics including but not limited to industry updates, compliance matters and occupational health and safety, etc.

## Profile of Directors

## Executive Directors

Mr.  Qu  Zhongrang  ('Mr.  Qu') ,  aged  55,  obtained  a  bachelor's  degree  in  laws  from  China  University  of  Political Science and Law in January 2007. Mr. Qu has been appointed as an executive Director of the Company with effect from 23 April 2019. Mr. Qu concurrently serves as the chairman of ⼭西大地環境投資控股有限公司 .

Mr. Fu Yuanhong ('Mr. Fu') ,  aged 54, is the chairman of the Board and he is responsible for overall management of  the  Board.  He  has  served  as  the  chairman  of  Shanxi  Minji  Eco-Environment Engineering Co., Ltd. (now renamed as Shanxi Dadi Minji Eco-Environment Co., Ltd., a company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations System (The New Third Board), stock code: 833365) since 21 December 2018. Mr. Fu obtained a bachelor's degree in environmental protection from Shanxi University in July 1992 and obtained the title of senior engineer in May 2011. Mr.  Fu  has  been  appointed  as  the  chairman  of  the  Board  and  an  executive  Director  with  effect  from  19  February 2019,  he  is  also  the  chairman  of  the  nomination  committee  and  a  member  of  remuneration  committee  of  the Company. Mr. Fu concurrently serves as the chairman of ⼭西省環境集團有限公司 , a deputy general manager of ⼭ 西大地環境投資控股有限公司 and the first director of Dadi International Holdings Co., Ltd.

Mr.  Wu  Xiaoming  ('Mr.  Wu') ,  aged  60,  is  the  executive  vice  chairman  and  the  chief  executive  officer  of  the Company and is experienced in financing and practice in  business  management,  team  building,  corporate  strategy development and implementation in large corporations, he also has in-depth knowledge and operational experience in investments and development of large-scale projects. Mr. Wu has been appointed as the chief executive officer, an executive Director and the executive vice chairman, with effect from 28 April 2016, 30 September 2016 and 3 April 2018 respectively. He is also a member of remuneration committee of the Company.

## Non-executive Directors

Mr.  Ju  Mengjun  ('Mr.  Ju') ,  aged  66,  has  extensive  journalistic  (including  interviewing,  editing  and  reviewing  of news),  international  research  and  management  experience.  During  his  more  than  30  years  of  employment  with Xinhua News Agency, Mr. Ju has served various positions (including principal  journalist,  assistant  to  editor-in-chief, deputy  chief  editor  and  officer  of  the  editor-in-chief  office,  etc.)  in  different  departments  and  branches  of  Xinhua News  Agency  (including  the  international  department  and  its  Eurasia  office,  the  Moscow  Branch,  the  Alma  Ata Branch and the editor-in-chief office of the headquarters). He also served as the president of Asia Pacific Branch and Hong Kong Branch of Xinhua News Agency. Mr. Ju served as an executive director of Xinhua News Media Holdings Limited (stock code: 309) from May 2011 to January 2018 and served as a co-chairman from June 2011 to January 2018. Mr. Ju graduated from the Department of Russian Language and Literature of Beijing University, has studied at Pushkin State Russian Language Institute, Moscow and has been a post-graduate. Mr. Ju has been appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 22 December 2020.

## Profile of Directors

Mr.  Zhang  Xiongfeng  ('Mr.  Zhang') ,  aged  54,  has  extensive  experience  in  the  investment  banking  industry specialising in the area of corporate finance. Mr. Zhang was a non-executive director of Fire Rock Holdings Limited, whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1909) from January 2016 to October 2018; Mr. Zhang is currently a non-executive director of Pa Shun International Holdings Limited, a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 574); and he was an executive director and chairman of the board of Hang Tai Yue Group Holdings Limited (formerly known as Interactive Entertainment China Cultural  Technology  Investments  Limited)  (stock  code:  8081)  shares  are  listed  on  GEM  of  the  Stock  Exchange  from December 2013 to December 2018. Mr. Zhang has been appointed as a non-executive Director since 3 April 2018. He is also a member of the audit committee of the Company.

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Dr. Zhang Wei ('Dr. Zhang') , aged 68, had taught Development Economics and Chinese Economy at the University of Cambridge in the UK since 2000 and is also the founding director of Economic Research Centre for Greater China in  Cambridge.  Dr.  Zhang  joined  Mingly  Corporation  since  2011  and  has  served  as  senior  economist,  an  executive director  and  chief  executive  officer.  Dr.  Zhang  served  as  a  non-executive  director  of  Hanison  Construction  Holdings Limited  (a  company  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  Stock  Exchange,  stock  code:  896)  since  25  June  2019.  Dr.  Zhang has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director since 1 November 2017. He is also the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of each of the audit committee and the nomination committee of the Company.

Mr. Law Yui Lun ('Mr. Law') ,  aged 60, is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants of the United Kingdom. Mr. Law has extensive professional experience in the fields of auditing, accounting, corporate taxation,  company  liquidation  and  insolvency,  financial  advisory  and  management  for  over  30  years.  Mr.  Law  is currently independent non-executive director of CBK Holdings Limited (stock code: 8428), which is listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange and he served as an independent non-executive director of Shougang Concord Century Holdings Limited  (stock  code:  0103),  which  is  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange,  from  18  April  2005  to  1 January 2020 and an independent non-executive director of China Trustful Group Limited (stock code: 8265), which is  listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange, from 17 July 2020 to 30 September 2020. Mr. Law has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director since 1 November 2017. He is also the chairman of the audit committee of the Company and a member of each of the nomination committee and remuneration committee of the Company.

Mr. Law has voluntarily ceased to be an associate member of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong as at the date of this annual report. Mr. Law has confirmed that the aforesaid cessation is not related to any matter or circumstance set out in Rule 17.50(2)(s) of the GEM Listing Rules.

## Profile of Directors

Dr.  Jin  Lizuo  ('Dr.  Jin') ,  aged  64,  has  been  a  supervisor  of  China  International  Capital  Corporation  Limited  (a company  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange,  stock  code:  3908)  since  May  2015;  participated  in  its  establishment  and was a member of its preparatory group from 1994 to 1995. Dr. Jin served as an independent non-executive director of  Beijing  Enterprises  Environment  Group  Limited  (formerly  known  as  Beijing  Development  (Hong  Kong)  Limited) (a  company  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange,  stock  code:  154)  since  September  2004,  and  a  director  of  NetBrain Technologies Inc. since August 2012. He served as the chairman of Beijing Integrity Financial Consulting Company* （北京中和應泰財務顧問有限公司） from  1997  to  2004;  and  was  awarded  the  'Most  Influential  Independent Director' （最具影響⼒獨立董事獎） at  the  5th  Session  Golden  Round  Table  Award  campaign  for  the  Board  of Directors  of  Listed  Companies  in  China  in  2009.  Dr.  Jin  obtained  a  bachelor's  degree  in  economics  from  Peking University  in  the  PRC  in  January  1982  and  a  doctoral  degree  in  economics  from  Oxford  University  in  the  United Kingdom  in  November  1993;  he  also  served  as  the  founding  president  of  the  Chinese  Economic  Association  (UK) from 1988 to 1989 and the chief councilor of the Shanghai Institute of Law &amp; Economics （上海法律與經濟研究所 理事長） . Dr. Jin has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director since 11 February 2020. He is also a member of each of the nomination committee, remuneration committee and audit committee of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, since the date of the 2021 interim report of the Company and up to the date of this annual report,  there  were  no  other  changes  in  the  information  of  the  Directors  which  shall  be  disclosed  pursuant  to  Rule 17.50A(1) of the GEM Listing Rules.

## Senior Management

Mr.  Wu  Xiaoming ,  aged  60,  is  the  executive  Director,  executive  vice  chairman  and  chief  executive  officer  of  the Company. He is responsible for  the  overall  management  and  operation,  liaison  with  major  customers  and  business development  of  the  Group.  His  biographies  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'Profile  of  Directors  -  Executive Directors' in this annual report.

Feng Jiangtao ('Mr. Feng') ,  aged  42,  is  the  vice  president  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Feng  worked  in  Shanxi  Jin  Tong Investment  Management  Co.,  Ltd. （⼭西金通投資管理有限公司） as  a  project  assistant  and  project  manager  from March 2006 to June 2011; successively served as the manager of the investment department and project manager of  Shanxi  Emerging  Energy  Industry  Group  Co.,  Ltd. （⼭西新興能源產業集團有限公司） and  Shanxi  International Electricity Group Limited Company （⼭西國際電⼒集團有限公司） from June 2011 to April 2013; served as the head of the legal affairs department and general counsel of Shanxi Jin Tong Investment Management Co., Ltd. from April 2013 to March 2018; concurrently served as the chairman and general manager of Shanxi Jin Tong Venture Capital Co.,  Ltd. （⼭西金通創業投資有限公司） form  June  2014  to  May  2019;  served  as  the  deputy  director  and  director of the development planning department of Shanxi Dadi Environment Investment Holdings Co., Ltd. （⼭西大地環境 投資控股有限公司） from December 2017 to August 2019; concurrently served as a director of Shanxi Environment Group  Co.,  Ltd. （⼭西省環境集團有限公司） and  Shanxi  Dadi  Minji  Eco-Environment  Co.,  Ltd. （⼭西大地民基生 態環境股份有限公司） since  January  2019;  and  served  as  the  vice  president  of  the  Company  and  the  chairman  of Shanxi  Dadi  Holdings  Equity  Investment  Fund  Management  Co.,  Ltd. （⼭西大地控股股權投資基金管理有限公司） since July 2019. Mr. Feng obtained a master's degree in economics from Shanxi University in the PRC and majoring in quantitative economics.

## Profile of Directors

Mr. Mi Zhaogang ('Mr. Mi') ,  aged 45, is the vice president and the director of the investment asset development center of the Company and is responsible for the investment management of the Group. Mr. Mi worked in Tsinghua Ziguang  Environmental  Protection  Co.,  Ltd. （清華紫光環保有限公司） as  the  project  manager,  senior  investment manager  and  manager  of  the  investment  department  from  August  2000  to  July  2008.  Mr.  Mi  worked  in  Beijing Enterprises  Holdings  Environment  Technology  Co.,  Ltd. （北京北控環保工程技術有限公司） as  the  head  of  the investment  department,  general  manager  of  the  investment  management  center  and  deputy  general  manager  of the  company  from  July  2008  to  April  2016,  and  worked  in  the  Company  since  April  2016.  Mr.  Mi  is  a  registered consulting  engineer  (investment),  a  registered  first-class  constructor  and  an  intermediate  engineer.  He  obtained  a bachelor's  degree  in  engineering  from  Harbin  Institute  of  Technology （哈爾濱工業大學） in  the  PRC  and  a  master's degree in engineering from Tsinghua University in the PRC.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Introduction

The Board and the management of the Company are committed to establishing good corporate governance practices and procedures. The maintenance of high standard of business ethics and corporate governance practices has always been one of the Group's goals. The Company believes that good corporate governance provides a framework that is essential  for  effective  management, successful business growth and a healthy corporate culture, thereby leading to the enhancement of shareholders' value.

## Corporate Governance Practices

The  corporate  governance  principles  of  the  Company  emphasise  a  quality  Board,  sound  internal  controls, transparency and accountability to all shareholders. By applying rigorous corporate governance practices, the Group believes  that  its  accountability  and  transparency  will  be  improved  thereby  instilling  confidence  to  shareholders  and the public. Save as disclosed in this corporate governance report, throughout the Year, the Group has complied with all applicable code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the 'CG Code') as set out in Appendix 15 of the GEM Listing Rules. The Board has, since the amendments to the GEM Listing Rules regarding  corporate  governance  practices  were  first  proposed  by  the  Stock  Exchange,  continued  to  monitor  and review the Group's progress in respect of corporate governance practices to ensure compliance. Meetings were held throughout the Year and where appropriate, circulars and other guidance notes were issued to Directors and senior management of the Group to ensure awareness to issues regarding corporate governance practices.

## The Board

## Responsibilities

The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group's business, strategic decisions  and  performances  and  is  collectively  responsible  for  promoting  the  success  of  the  Company  by  directing and supervising its affairs. In practice, the Board takes responsibility for decision making in all major matters of the Company  including:  the  approval  and  monitoring  of  all  policy  matters,  the  setting  of  objectives,  annual  budgets and overall strategies, material transaction, appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters.  The  day-to-day  management,  administration  and  operation  of  the  Company  are  delegated  to  the  senior executives.  These  responsibilities  include  the  implementation  of  decisions  of  the  Board,  the  co-ordination  and direction of day-to-day operation and management of the Company in accordance with the management strategies and plans approved by the Board. Approval has to be obtained from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by these senior executives and the Board has the full support of them to discharge its responsibilities.

## Composition

At  31  March  2022  and  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Board  comprised  eight  Directors,  including  three  executive Directors,  namely  Mr.  Qu  Zhongrang,  Mr.  Fu  Yuanhong  (chairman  of  the  Board)  and  Mr.  Wu  Xiaoming,  two non-executive  Directors,  namely  Mr.  Ju  Mengjun  and  Mr.  Zhang  Xiongfeng,  and  three  independent  non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Law Yui Lun and Dr. Jin Lizuo. Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Profile of Directors' in this annual report.

## Corporate Governance Report

The Directors have distinguished themselves in their field of expertise and have exhibited high standards of personal and professional ethics and integrity. All the Directors give sufficient time and attention to the Company's affairs. The Board believes that  the  ratio  of  executive  to  non-executive  Directors  is  reasonable  and  adequate  to  provide  checks and balances that safeguard the interest of the shareholders and the Company as a whole.

The Board as a whole is responsible for the appointment of new Directors and Directors nomination for re-election by shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company. Under the Company's bye-laws, the Board may from time to time appoint a Director either to fill a vacancy or as an addition to the Board. Any new Director appointed to fill  a  casual  vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting after his appointment and shall then be eligible for  re-election.  Any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

As at 31 March 2022, Mr. Fu Yuanhong and Mr. Wu Xiaoming were serving as the chairman and the chief executive officer of the Company, respectively. The positions of the chairman and the chief executive officer of the Company are  held  by  different  persons  in  order  to  ensure  independence  and  accountability  of  their  respective  functions  and balanced distribution of power and authority between them.

## Independence of the Independent Non-executive Directors

The Company has three independent non-executive Directors at the end of the Year and as at the date of this report, one of whom has appropriate financial management expertise, and is in compliance with the GEM Listing Rules. The three independent non-executive Directors at the time have made written confirmations to the Company in respect of their independence. Based on such confirmation and to be best knowledge of the Board, the Company considers these current independent non-executive Directors are independent under the guidelines set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## Non-executive Directors

The  non-executive  Directors  are  appointed  for  a  specific  term  of  three  years  from  their  respective  date  of appointment, subject to retirement by rotation as stipulated in the bye-laws of the Company.

## Board Meetings and Shareholders' Meetings

The Board regularly meets in person or through other electronic means of communication at least four times every year  to  determine  overall  strategic  direction  and  objectives  and  approve  quarterly,  interim  and  annual  results,  and other significant matters. At least fourteen days' notice of regular Board meeting is given to all Directors, who are all given an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for discussion. Apart from regular meetings, senior management from time to time provides Directors information on activities and development of the businesses of the Group.

## Corporate Governance Report

During  the  Year,  six  Board  meetings  were  held.  Details  of  the  attendance  of  the  Directors  at  general  meeting,  the meetings of the Board and its respective committees are as follows:

| Name of Director  General  Meeting  Attended/Held  Board  Meeting  Attended/Held  Audit  Committee  Attended/Held  Remuneration  Committee  Attended/Held  Nomination  Committee  Attended/Held  Executive Directors  Mr. Qu Zhongrang  0/1  8/8  N/A  N/A  N/A  Mr. Fu Yuanhong, Chairman  1/1  8/8  N/A  2/2  2/2  Mr. Wu Xiaoming  0/1  8/8  N/A  2/2  N/A  Non-executive Directors  Mr. Ju Mengjun  0/1  8/8  N/A  N/A  N/A  Mr. Zhang Xiongfeng  0/1  8/8  4/4  N/A  N/A  Independent non-executive  Directors  Dr. Zhang Wei  0/1  8/8  4/4  2/2  2/2  Mr. Law Yui Lun  0/1  8/8  4/4  2/2  2/2  Dr. Jin Lizuo  0/1  8/8  4/4  2/2  2/2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deviation from compliance with code provision E.1.2 (which has been re-numbered as F.2.2 since 1 January 2022) of the CG Code This code provision requires the chairman of the Board to invite the chairmen of the audit and remuneration committees of the Board to attend.

Dr.  Zhang  Wei,  being  an  independent  non-executive  Director  and  the  chairman  of  the  remuneration  committee of  the  Board,  and  Mr.  Law  Yui  Lun,  being  an  independent  non-executive  Director  and  the  chairman  of  the  audit committee of the Board, were unable to attend the 2021 annual general meeting of the Company due to their work arrangements.

## Training and support for Directors

All Directors must keep abreast of their collective responsibilities as Directors and of the businesses of the Group. As such,  the  Group  provides  an  induction  to  each  newly  appointed  Director  upon  his/her  appointment.  Briefings  and orientations  are  provided  and  organised  to  ensure  that  the  Directors  are  familiar  with  the  role  of  the  Board,  their legal and other duties as a Director as well as the business and governance practices of the Group. Such programmes are  tailored  to  each  individual  Director  taking  into  account  their  background  and  expertise.  The  Company  will continuously update all Directors on the latest developments regarding the GEM Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance of the same by all Directors.

All  Directors  also  participate  in  continuous  professional  development  programmes  provided  or  procured  by  the Group, such as external seminars organised by qualified professionals, to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills  in  relation  to  their  contribution  to  the  Board.  A  record  of  the  training  received  by  the  respective  Directors are kept and updated by the Company.

## Board Diversity

The  Company recognises  that  increasing  diversity  at  the  Board  level  will  support  the  attainment  of  the  Company's strategic  objectives  and  sustainable  development.  The  Company  seeks  to  achieve  Board  diversity  through  the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,  professional  experience,  skills,  knowledge  and  length  of  service.  The  Company  will  also  take  into consideration its own business model and specific needs from time to time in determining the optimal composition of the Board.

Measureable objectives include (i)  at  least  one  third  of  the  Board  shall  be  independent  non-executive  Directors;  (ii) at  least  one  Director  is  female  and  (iii)  at  least  one  Director  shall  have  obtained  accounting  or  other  professional qualifications.  For  the  Year,  items  (i)  and  (iii)  have  been  fulfilled.  The  Board  expects  item  (ii)  will  be  fulfilled  in  the recent  future  within  an  approximately  two-year  timeframe.  Whereas  the  current  Board  and  senior  management  of the  Group  comprise  of  all  male  members,  viewing  from  the  Group's  perspective,  as  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group had 99 employees in total comprising of approximately 44 females and 55 males (that is, a female-to-male ratio of 4:5),  reflecting  a  gender  equality  principle  generally  adhered  by  the  Group.  The  Board  is  mindful  of  the  objectives for  the  factors  as  set  out  in  the  paragraph  headed  'Nomination  Committee' below for assessing the candidacy of the Board members, and will ensure that any successors to the Board shall follow the gender diversity policy. Similar considerations  shall  also  be  in  place  to  assess  the  candidacy  of  the  senior  management  team  from  time  to  time. The Group is determined to maintain gender diversity and equality in terms of the whole workforce, and to procure the senior management team to achieve gender equality in terms of the gender ratio within an approximately twoyear timeframe. The Company expects the above is achievable with suitable effort in promoting the gender diversity culture, which the Group has been advocating for so.

## Remuneration Committee

A  remuneration  committee  was  established  with  specific  written  terms  of  reference  in  accordance  with  the requirements  of  the  CG  Code.  At  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  remuneration  committee  consists  of  five members, of which two of them are executive Directors namely Mr. Fu Yuanhong and Mr. Wu Xiaoming, and three of  them  are  independent  non-executive  Directors,  namely  Dr.  Zhang  Wei,  Mr.  Law  Yui  Lun  and  Dr.  Jin  Lizuo.  The chairman of the remuneration committee is Dr. Zhang Wei.

The remuneration committee is responsible for formulating and recommending to the Board the remuneration policy, determining the remuneration of Directors and members of senior management of the Company, as well as reviewing and  making  recommendations  on  the  Company's  share  option  scheme,  bonus  structure,  provident  fund  and  other compensation-related  issues.  This  committee  consults  with  the  chairman  on  its  proposals  and  recommendations and has access to professional advice if deemed necessary. The remuneration committee is also provided with other resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

The remuneration committee meets at least once a year.

During  the  Year,  the  remuneration  committee  held  two  meetings.  During  the  relevant  meetings,  the  remuneration committee reviewed performance of executive Directors, the remuneration policy and structure of the Company, the remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## Nomination Committee

The  nomination  committee  was  established  with  specific  written  terms  of  reference  in  accordance  with  the requirements  of  the  CG  Code.  At  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  nomination  committee  consists  of  four members,  of  which  one  of  them  is  an  executive  Director,  namely  Mr.  Fu  Yuanhong,  and  three  of  them  are independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Law Yui Lun and Dr. Jin Lizuo. The chairman of the nomination committee is Mr. Fu Yuanhong.

The duties of the nomination committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board at least annually, making recommendations on any proposed changes to the board to complement the Company's corporate strategy,  identifying  individuals  suitably  qualified  to  become  members  of  the  Board  and  selecting  individuals nominated  for  directorship,  assessing  the  independence  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  and  making recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  or  re-appointment  of  Directors  and  succession  planning  for Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company.

The nomination committee meets at least once a year.

During  the  Year,  the  nomination  committee  held  two  meetings.  During  the  relevant  meetings,  the  nomination committee reviewed the  structure,  size,  composition  and  diversity  of  the  Board,  assessed  the  independence  of  the independent non-executive Directors and considered the re-election of Directors.

## Board Nomination Policy

The  Company  adopted  a  nomination  policy  for  the  nomination  committee  to  identify  individuals  suitably  qualified to  become  Board  members  and  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  selection  of  individuals  nominated for  directorships  with  reference  to  the  formulated  criteria.  The  Board  is  ultimately  responsible  for  selection  and appointment of new Directors.

The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the nomination committee, has used its best efforts to ensure that  Directors  appointed  to  the  Board  possess  the  relevant  background,  experience  and  knowledge  in  business, finance  and  management  skills  critical  to  the  Group's  business  to  enable  the  Board  to  make  sound  and  well considered decisions. Collectively, they have competencies in areas which are relevant and valuable to the Group.

## Nomination Procedure

The  nomination  committee  shall  assess  whether  any  vacancy  on  the  Board  has  been  created  or  is  expected  on  a regular basis or as required. The nomination committee utilises various methods for identifying Director candidates, including  recommendations  from  Board  members,  management,  and  professional  search  firms.  All  Director candidates,  including  incumbents  and  candidates  nominated  by  shareholders  are  evaluated  by  the  nomination committee based upon the director qualifications. While Director candidates will be evaluated on the same criteria through  review  of  resume,  personal  interview  and  performance  of  background  checks.  The  nomination  committee retains the discretion to establish the relative weighting of such criteria, which may vary based on the composition, skill sets, age, gender and experiences of the collective Board rather than on the individual candidate for the purpose of diversity perspectives appropriate to the requirement of the Company's business.

## Selection Criteria

The nomination committee will take into account whether a candidate has the qualifications, skills, experience and gender  diversity  that  add  to  and  complement  the  range  of  skills,  experience  and  background  of  existing  Directors by  considering  the  highest  personal  and  professional  ethics  and  integrity  of  the  Director  candidates,  proven achievement and competence in the nominee's field and the ability to exercise sound business judgment, skills that are complementary to those of the existing Board, the ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions  to  the  Company's  success  and  such  other  factors  as  it  may  deem  are  in  the  best  interests  of  the Company and its shareholders. The Company shall review and reassess the nomination policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.

## Audit Committee

The Company established an audit committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rules 5.28 to 5.29 of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.  As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  audit  committee  consists  of  four  members,  of which  one  of  them  is  a  non-executive  Director,  namely  Mr.  Zhang  Xiongfeng,  and  three  of  them  are  independent non-executive  Directors,  namely  Dr.  Zhang  Wei,  Dr.  Jin  Lizuo  and  Mr.  Law  Yui  Lun.  The  chairman  of  the  audit committee is Mr. Law Yui Lun.

The main duties of the audit committee include the followings:

- (a) To  review  the  financial  statements  and  reports  and  consider  any  significant  or  unusual  items  raised  by  the qualified accountant, compliance officer or external auditors before submission to the board.
- (b) To review the relationship with the external auditors by reference to the work performed by the auditors, their fees and terms of engagement, and make recommendation to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditors.
- (c) To review the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's financial reporting system, internal control system and risk management system and associated procedures.

The audit committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it to discharge its duties.

The  audit  committee  held  four  meetings  during  the  Year,  to  review  the  financial  results  and  reports,  financial reporting  and  compliance  procedures,  report  on  the  Company's  internal  control  and  risk  management  review  and processes as well as the re-appointment of the external auditors.

There  is  no  disagreement  between  the  Board  and  the  audit  committee  regarding  the  selection,  appointment, resignation or dismissal of external auditors.

The Group's annual results for the Year has been reviewed by the audit committee of the Company.

## Auditors' Remuneration

For  the  Year,  the  remuneration  in  respect  of  the  audit  services  provided  by  the  auditors  of  the  Company,  HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, amounted to approximately HK$1,096,000.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## Joint Company Secretaries

During  the  Year,  Mr.  Chen  Yong  ('Mr.  Chen')  and  Ms.  Mak  Po  Man  Cherie  ('Ms.  Mak')  were  the  joint  company secretaries  of  the  Company  until  their  respective  resignation  with  effect  from  5  March  2022.  Following  their resignations,  Mr.  Hong  Kam  Le  ('Mr.  Hong')  has  been  appointed  as  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company  with effect  from  the  same  date.  Mr.  Hong  is  a  partner  of  Chungs  Lawyers  in  association  with  DeHeng  Law  Offices  and is  responsible  for  advising  the  Board  regarding  corporate  governance  matters  to  ensure  regulatory  compliance  and corporate governance functions of the Group to be carried out in an efficient and effective manner. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 4 March 2022 for details as to the resignations of Mr. Chen and Ms. Mak and the appointment of Mr. Hong (including his biographical details) as the company secretary of the Company.

At  the  material  times,  Ms.  Mak  Po  Man  Cherie  was  the  vice  president  of  SWCS  Corporate  Services  Group  (Hong Kong)  Limited  and  was  responsible  for  advising  the  Board  regarding  corporate  governance  matters  to  ensure  the compliance  with  policies  and  procedures  set  by  the  Board  and  applicable  laws,  rules  and  regulations.  Mr.  Chen,  a joint company secretary of the Company, was the primary contact of Ms. Mak in the Company.

Subsequent to the end of the Year, Mr. Bai Mingjun ('Mr. Bai'), having served as a deputy director of the Chairman's office of the Company since May 2016, has been appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company, with Mr. Hong continuing to be the other joint company secretary of the Company, with effect from 1 April 2022. Whilst Mr. Bai  does  not  possess  the  requisite  qualifications  as  a  company  secretary  of  a  listed  company  on  GEM  of  the  Stock Exchange under Rule 5.14 of the GEM Listing Rules, the Company has applied to the Stock Exchange and has been granted a waiver by the Stock Exchange from strict compliance with the requirements under Rules 5.14 and 11.07(2) of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules  in  respect  of  Mr.  Bai's  appointment.  Please  refer  to  the  announcement  of  the  Company dated  1  April  2022  for  details  as  to  Mr.  Bai's  appointment  (including  his  biographical  details)  as  a  joint  company secretary  of  the  Company  and  grant  of  the  aforesaid  waiver  by  the  Stock  Exchange.  Mr.  Bai  has  been  the  primary contact of Mr. Hong in the Company since Mr. Hong's appointment as the company secretary of the Company.

Each  of  Mr.  Chen,  Ms.  Mak  and  Mr.  Hong  has  confirmed  that  he/she  received  not  less  than  15  hours  of  relevant professional training as required by according to the Rule 5.15 of the GEM Listing Rules for the Year.

## Directors' Securities Transactions

The  Company  has  adopted  a  code  of  conduct  regarding  securities  transactions  by  the  Directors  on  terms  no  less exacting than the required standard of dealings as set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules (the 'Model Code'). The Company, having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, is not aware of any non-compliance with the  required  standard  of  dealings  and  its  code  of  conduct  regarding  securities  transactions  by  the  Directors  during the Year.

Pursuant  to  Rule  5.66  of  the  Model  Code,  the  Directors  have  also  requested  any  employee  of  the  Company  or director or employee of a subsidiary of the Company who, because of his/her office or employment in the Company or a subsidiary, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the securities of the Company, not to deal in the securities  of  the  Company  when  he/she  would  be  prohibited  from  dealing  by  the  Model  Code  as  if  he/she  were  a Director.

## Directors' Preparation Responsibilities on Financial Statements

The  Directors  acknowledge  their  responsibilities  to  prepare  the  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  31  March 2022 and ensure these financial statements to give a true and fair view on the financial position of the Group.

## Internal Control and Risk Management

The  Board  has  overall  responsibility  for  the  internal  control  system  and  risk  management  of  the  Group  and  it has  delegated  to  the  executive  management  to  carry  out  the  risk  identification  and  monitoring  procedures.  The objectives of the risk management are to enhance the governance and corporate management processes as well as to safeguard the interests of the shareholders and the assets of the Group.

The Board highly emphasized on internal control and adopted various initiatives to control and monitor the business of the Company and prevent potential risks. The Company has established internal audit function to conduct regular review on all  the  policies  and  procedures  of  material  control,  and  report  all  material  issues  to  the  Board  and  audit committee at least once annually.

The Group adopted a three-line risk management approach to identify, analyze, assess, mitigate and handle risks. The first  line  of  defence  is  that  the  Group's  employees  must  understand  that  their  roles  and  responsibilities  to  identify, assess  and  monitor  risks  associated  with  transactions.  The  second  line  of  defence  is  the  Group's  management  that provides independent oversight of the first line of defence. It ensures that risks are within the Group's risk capacity and that the control of the first line of defence is effective. As the final line of defence, the audit committee of the Company, with the advices and opinions from the external professional party (such as the auditor) and annual review by the internal audit function, ensures that the first and second lines of defence are effective.

Taking into account the size and complexity of the operations of the Group, the Company considers that the existing organisation  structure  and  the  close  supervision  of  the  executive  management  have  provided  sufficient  internal control and risk management for the Group.

The Board reviewed the risk management and internal control system adopted by the Group annually. For the Year, the Board is of the view that the systems are effective and there are no irregularities, improprieties, fraud or other deficiencies that suggest material deficiency in the effectiveness of the Group's internal control system.

## Disclosure of Inside Information

The  Group  acknowledges  its  responsibilities  under  the  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  (the  'SFO')  and  the  GEM Listing  Rules  and  the  overriding  principle  that  Inside  Information  should  be  announced  immediately  when  it  is  the subject of a decision. The procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of Inside Information are as follows:

- the  Group  conducts  its  affairs  with  close  regard  to  the  disclosure  requirement  under  the  GEM  Listing  Rules as  well  as  the  'Guidelines  on  Disclosure  of  Inside  Information'  published  by  the  Securities  and  Futures Commission of Hong Kong in June 2012;
- the Group has strictly prohibited unauthorised use of confidential or Inside Information; and
- the Group regularly reminds its Directors and employees about due compliance with all policies regarding the Inside Information, as well as keeps them appraised of the latest regulatory updates.

## Dividend Policy

The Company may distribute dividends by way of cash or by other means that the Company considers appropriate. Any  proposed  distribution  of  dividends  shall  be  determined  by  the  Board  and  will  be  subject  to  shareholders' approval.  A  decision  to  declare  or  to  pay  dividends,  and  the  amount  of  dividends,  will  depend  on  a  number  of factors,  including  the  Company's  operating  results,  cash  flow,  financial  condition,  payments  by  our  subsidiaries  of cash dividends to us, future prospects and other factors that the Directors may consider important.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Constitutional Documents

The Company has not made any changes to its bye-laws during the Year.

## Shareholders Relations

The  Company  is  committed  to  maintaining  a  high  level  of  transparency  and  employs  a  policy  of  open  and  timely disclosure  of  relevant  information  to  its  shareholders.  The  commitment  to  fair  disclosure  and  comprehensive  and transparent reporting of the Company's activities can be reflected in many aspects.

In endeavouring to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders, the annual general meeting provides a useful forum for shareholders to exchange views with the Board.

The  proceedings  of  the  annual  general  meeting  are  reviewed  from  time  to  time  to  ensure  the  Company  conforms to the best practices regarding corporate governance. The annual general meeting circular, which is circulated to all shareholders at least 21 days prior to the holding of the annual general meeting, sets out the details in relation to each resolution proposed, voting procedures (including procedures for demanding and conducting a poll) and other relevant  information.  At  the  Company's  2021  annual  general  meeting,  all  the  resolutions  were  put  to  the  vote  by poll  and  Tricor  Secretaries  Limited,  the  Company's  Hong  Kong  Branch  Share  Registrar,  was  engaged  as  scrutineer to ensure the votes were properly counted. The rights of shareholders and the procedures for demanding a poll on resolutions at shareholders' meeting are contained in the Company's bye-laws.

Shareholders of the Company who hold not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right  of  voting  at  general  meetings  of  the  Company  shall  at  all  times  have  the  right,  by  written  requisition  to  the Board or the company secretary of the Company, to require a special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionists themselves may do so themselves.

The  Company  publishes  its  announcements,  financial  information  and  other  relevant  data  on  its  website  at http://www.dadi-international.com.hk, as a channel to enhance effective communication. Shareholders are welcomed to  make  enquiries  to  the  Company  by  sending  the  enquiries  to  the  principal  place  of  business  in  Hong  Kong  of the  Company, or via  phone  ((852)  2382  8588),  fax  ((852)  2382  8598)  or  email  (ir@dadi-international.com.hk).  The Company will respond to all enquiries in a timely and appropriate manner.

Information about the principal place of business in Hong Kong of the Company is set out on page 3 of this annual report.

The Company also communicates to its shareholders through its annual, interim and quarterly reports.

## Conclusion

The  Company  believes  that  good  corporate  governance  is  significant  in  maintaining  investor  confidence  and attracting  investment.  The  management  will  devote  considerate  effort  to  strengthen  and  improve  the  standards  of the corporate governance of the Group.

The Directors present their annual report and the audited financial statements for the Year.

## Principal activities and geographical analysis of operations

The principal activities of the Group for the Year included publication, purchase and distribution of books, provision of  environmental  consultancy  services  and  sales  of  healthcare  products.  Details  of  the  activities  of  its  subsidiaries are set out in note 41 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. Further discussion and  analysis  of  these  activities  as  required  by  Schedule  5  to  the  Companies  Ordinance,  including  a  discussion of  the  principal  risks  and  uncertainties  facing  the  Group  and  an  indication  of  likely  future  developments  in  the Group's  business,  can  be  found  in  the  section  headed  'Management  Discussion  and  Analysis  -  Principal  Risks  and Uncertainties' section in this annual report. The discussion forms part of this Directors' report.

An analysis  of  the  Group's  revenue  for  the  Year  by  geographic  segment  is  set  out  in  note  10  of  the  notes  to  the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

## Results

The  results  of  the  Group  for  the  Year  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income in this annual report. They form part of this Directors' report.

## Financial summary

The summary of the financial results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the past five financial years is set out in the section headed 'Summary of Financial Information' in this annual report.

## Property, plant and equipment

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Year are set out in note 18 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

## Share capital and share options

Details of the movements in the Company's share capital and share options during the Year are set out in notes 35 and 40 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, respectively.

## Reserves

Details  of  the  movement  in  the  reserves  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  during  the  Year  are  set  out  in  the consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 42 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

## Report of the Directors

## Purchase, sale or redemption of the Company's listed securities

During the Year, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities.

## Convertible securities, options, warrants and similar rights

No convertible securities, options, warrants and similar rights were issued or granted by the Group during the Year.

## Pre-emptive rights

There is  no  provision  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Company's  bye-laws  and  there  is  no  restriction  against  such rights  under  the  law  of  Bermuda,  which  would  oblige  the  Company  to  offer  new  shares  on  a  pro-rata  basis  to existing shareholders.

## Tax relief

The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the shareholders by reason of their holding of the shares of the Company.

## Convertible bonds

There are no outstanding convertible bonds during the Year.

## Distributable reserves

At  31  March  2022,  the  Company's  reserves  available  for  distribution,  calculated  in  accordance  with  the  provisions of  the  Companies  Act  1981  of  Bermuda  (as  amended)  amounted  to  HK$311.5  million  (as  at  31  March  2021: approximately  HK$311.5  million),  representing  the  Company's  contributed  surplus  account  (as  at  31  March  2021: contributed surplus account).

## Charitable donations

Charitable donations made by the Group during the Year was nil (FY2021: nil).

## Events after the reporting period

## Entering into of the Cooperation Framework Agreement and the Memorandum of Understanding

In line with the expansion of the Group in its environmental protection business segment, the Company entered into a cooperation framework agreement (the 'Framework Agreement') with the People's Government of Laizhou, Yantai City, Shandong Province of the PRC (the 'Laizhou Government') on 3 June 2022 in relation to, among other things, the joint development of a centralised and unified green stone material industry trading service platform (the 'Service Platform') in Laizhou by way of government guidance and market-oriented operation.

In  addition,  for  the  furtherance  and  promotion  of  the  communication  and  exploration  of  the  cooperation contemplated  under  the  Framework  Agreement,  the  Company  and  Laizhou  State  Owned  Capital  Investment Company Limited ( 萊州市國有資本投資有限公司 ) ('Laizhou State Owned Capital Investment'), a subordinate entity of  the  Laizhou  Government,  subsequently  entered  into  a  memorandum  of  understanding  (the  'Memorandum  of Understanding') pursuant to which, among other things, the parties intend to, through their respective subordinate companies, establish a joint venture company (the 'JV Company') to be the entity responsible for the establishment and operation of the Service Platform.

Pursuant to the Memorandum of Understanding, the initial plan for the registered capital of the JV Company is to be USD15 million, within which the above parties will own 30% and 70% of the equity interest in the JV Company upon its establishment. It is intended that the designated subsidiary of Laizhou State Owned Capital Investment will be responsible for USD4.5 million of the capital commitment to the JV Company, whereas a joint venture entity (the 'Cooperation Company') under the Company will be responsible for the remaining USD10.5 million of the capital commitment to the JV Company, whereby such sum shall be borne by the shareholders of the Cooperation Company in accordance with their respective shareholding interest in the Cooperation Company.

The  Framework  Agreement  and  the  Memorandum  of  Understanding  merely  present  the  intention  and  principle  of cooperation  between  the  Group  and  the  Laizhou  Government  (and  its  subordinate  entity)  and  does  not  bear  the ultimate legal effect. As at the date of this announcement, the Group and Laizhou State Owned Capital Investment are  still  under  negotiations  in  respect  of  the  proposed  formation  of  the  JV  Company,  and  up  to  the  date  of  this announcement, the terms and conditions in respect of the proposed formation of the JV Company have yet to be finalised, and no definitive agreement or transaction in relation to such has been entered into or carried out.

For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 3 June 2022 and 15 June 2022.

Save  for  the  above,  the  Board  is  not  aware  of  any  significant  event  requiring  disclosure  that  has  taken  place subsequent to 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report.

## Report of the Directors

## Sufficiency of public float

The Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the Year.

## Permitted Indemnity Provisions

At  no  time  during  the  Year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report,  there  was  or  is,  any  permitted  indemnity  provision being in force for the benefit of any of the Directors (whether made by the Company or otherwise) or an associated company (if made by the Company).

## Directors

The Directors during the Year and up to the date of this report are:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Qu Zhongrang Mr. Fu Yuanhong Mr. Wu Xiaoming

## Non-executive Directors

Mr. Ju Mengjun Mr. Zhang Xiongfeng

## Independent non-executive Directors

Dr. Zhang Wei Mr. Law Yui Lun Dr. Jin Lizuo

In accordance with bye-law 84(1) of the bye-laws of the Company, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors  for  the  time  being  (or,  if  their  number  is  not  a  multiple  of  three  (3),  the  number  nearest  to  but  not  less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at least once every three years.

## Directors' service contracts

Mr. Qu Zhongrang was appointed as an executive Director and his service contract was renewed for a term of three years commencing from 23 April 2022, subject to retirement by rotation and re-election pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company. Mr. Zhang's remuneration will be director's fee of HK$50,000 per month.

Mr. Fu Yuanhong was appointed as an executive Director and his service contract was renewed  for a term of three years commencing from 19 February 2022, subject to retirement by rotation and re-election pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company. Mr. Fu's remuneration will be director's fee of HK$50,000 per month.

Mr. Wu Xiaoming was appointed as an executive Director and his service contract was renewed for a term of three years  commencing from 1 October 2019, subject to retirement by rotation and re-election, in accordance with the bye-laws of the Company. Mr. Wu's remuneration will be director fee of HK$50,000 and salary of HK$170,000 per month.

Mr.  Ju  Mengjun  was  appointed  as  a  non-executive  Director  for  a  term  of  three  years  commencing  from 22  December  2020,  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  and  re-election  pursuant  to  the  bye-laws  of  the  Company. Mr. Ju remuneration will be director's fee of HK$30,000 per month.

Mr. Zhang Xiongfeng was appointed as a non-executive Director and his service contract was renewed for an initial term of three years commencing from 3 April 2021, subject to retirement by rotation and re-election pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company. Mr. Zhang's remuneration will be director's fee of HK$30,000 per month.

Dr. Zhang Wei was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and his service contract was renewed for an initial  term  of  three  years  commencing from 1 November 2020, subject to retirement by rotation and other related provisions as stipulated in the bye-laws of the Company. Dr. Zhang Wei shall receive a remuneration of HK$30,000 per month.

Mr.  Law  Yui  Lun  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  and  his  service  contract  was  renewed for  an  initial  term  of  three  years  commencing  from  1  November  2020,  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  and  other related provisions as stipulated in the bye-laws of the Company. Mr. Law shall receive a remuneration of HK$30,000 per month.

Dr. Jin Lizuo was appointed as an independent non-executive Director for an initial term of three years commencing from  11  February  2020,  and  is  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  and  other  related  provisions  as  stipulated  in  the bye-laws of the Company. Dr. Jin Lizuo shall receive a remuneration of HK$30,000 per month.

None of the Directors has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## Report of the Directors

## Directors'  and  chief  executives'  interests  and  short  positions  in  shares, underlying  shares  and  debentures  of  the  Company  and  its  associated corporations

As at 31 March 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO)  which  are  required  (a)  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they are taken or deemed, to have such provisions of the SFO); (b) pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules relating to securities transactions by directors to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, are as follows:

## Long positions in ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each of the Company

| Name of Director  Capacity  Number of  Shares held  Percentage of  the Company's  issued share  capital  (Note)  Mr. Wu Xiaoming  Beneficial owner  41,240,000  1.13%  Mr. Zhang Xiongfeng  Beneficial owner  237,209,900  6.52%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  The  percentage  of  shareholding  was  calculated  based  on  the  Company's  total  number  of  3,640,627,457 Shares in issue as at 31 March 2022.

## Share option scheme

The  Group  has  adopted  the  current  share  option  scheme  (the  'Share  Option  Scheme')  pursuant  to  a  resolution passed at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 25 September 2012. In accordance with the Share Option Scheme, the Company may grant the share options to individuals including employee or proposed employee, non-executive director and customer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or entities in which the Group holds an equity interest and persons providing research, development or other technological support to the above in order to acquire shares of the Company. The Board considers that the Share Option Scheme enables the Group to provide incentives and rewards to the above participants for their contribution to the Group.

Save for the grant of share options by the Company on 13 January 2017, no share option has been granted since the adoption of the Share Option Scheme and there was no share option outstanding as at 31 March 2022 and as at the date of this annual report.

Further  particulars  of  the  Company's  share  option  scheme  are  set  out  in  note  40  of  the  notes  to  the  consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

## Arrangement to purchase shares or debentures

Other  than  the  share  option  schemes  disclosed  above,  at  no  time  during  the  Year  was  the  Company  or  any  of  its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## Directors' interest in contracts

No  contracts  of  significance  in  relation  to  the  Group's  business  to  which  the  Company,  its  subsidiaries,  its  fellow subsidiaries or its holding companies was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the Year or at any time during the Year.

## Competing interests

In  respect  of  the  Year,  the  Directors  were  not  aware  of  any  business  or  interest  of  the  Directors,  the  substantial Shareholders  and  their  respective  close  associates  (as  defined  under  the  GEM  Listing  Rules)  that  compete  or  may compete with the business of the Group and any other conflict of interest which any such person has or may have with the Group.

## Substantial  shareholders'  interests  and  short  positions  in  shares,  underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations

As  at  31  March  2022,  so  far  as  it  was  known  to  any  Directors  or  chief  executive  of  the  Company,  the  register  of substantial  shareholders  maintained  by  the  Company  under  section  336  of  the  SFO  showed  that  the  following shareholders  (other  than  the  Directors  or  chief  executives  of  the  Company)  had  an  interest  of  5%  or  more  in  the issued share capital of the Company:

## Long position in ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each of the Company

| Name of shareholder  Capacity  Number of  Shares held  Percentage of  the Company's  issued share  capital  (Note 2)  ⼭西省國有資本運營有限公司  Interest in a controlled corporation  1,027,985,995   (Note 1)  28.24%  ⼭西大地環境投資控股有限公司  Interest in a controlled corporation  1,027,985,995   (Note 1)  28.24%  ⼭西省環境集團有限公司  Interest in a controlled corporation  1,027,985,995   (Note 1)  28.24%  Dadi International Holdings Co., Ltd  Beneficial owner  1,027,985,995  28.24%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of the Directors

Note:

1. Dadi  International  Holdings  Co.,  Ltd  is  beneficially  and  wholly-owned  by ⼭西省環境集團有限公司 ,  which  is  in  turn beneficially and 90% owned by ⼭西大地環境投資控股有限公司 , which is in turn beneficially and wholly-owned by ⼭西省 國有資本運營有限公司 . As such, each of ⼭西省環境集團有限公司 , ⼭西大地環境投資控股有限公司 and ⼭西省國有資本 運營有限公司 is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Dadi International Holdings Co., Ltd.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2022, the Company has not been notified by any persons (other than the Directors and  chief  executives  of  the  Company)  who  had  interests  or  short  positions  in  the  shares  and  underlying  shares  of  the Company which were to be recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO and/or who were directly  or  indirectly  interested  in  5%  or  more  of  the  issued  share  capital  carrying  rights  to  vote  in  all  circumstances  at general meetings of any other members of the Group.

2. The percentage of shareholding was calculated based on the Company's total number of 3,640,627,457 Shares in issue as at 31 March 2022.

## Retirement benefits scheme

Particulars of the retirement benefits scheme of the Group are set out in note 39 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

## Audit committee

The Company has established an audit committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rules 5.28 to 5.29 of the GEM Listing Rules. The primary duties of the audit committee are to review and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control procedures of the Group. The audit committee comprises of three independent non-executive  Directors  namely,  Mr.  Law  Yui  Lun  who  is  the  chairman  of  the  audit  committee,  Dr.  Zhang  Wei  and Dr. Jin Lizuo, and one non-executive Director, Mr. Zhang Xiongfeng. During the Year, the audit committee held four meetings to review the Group's annual report, half-year report and quarterly reports.

## Remuneration committee

The  Company  has  established  a  remuneration  committee  with  written  terms  of  reference  in  accordance  with  the requirements  of  the  CG  Code.  The  remuneration  committee  comprises  three  independent  non-executive  Directors, namely Mr. Law Yui Lun, Dr. Jin Lizuo and Dr. Zhang Wei who is the chairman of the remuneration committee and two executive Directors, Mr. Fu Yuanhong and Mr. Wu Xiaoming. The principal responsibilities of the remuneration committee  include  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the  Group's  remuneration  policy  and  structure  for  all remuneration  of  Directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Company,  the  determination  of  specific  remuneration packages  of  all  executive  Directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Company,  and  to  review  and  approve performance-based remuneration.

## Nomination committee

The  Company  has  established  a  nomination  committee  with  written  terms  of  reference  in  accordance  with  the requirements  of  the  CG  Code.  The  nomination  committee  comprises  three  independent  non-executive  Directors, namely  Dr.  Zhang  Wei,  Mr.  Law  Yui  Lun  and  Dr.  Jin  Lizuo  and  an  executive  Director,  Mr.  Fu  Yuanhong  who  is  the chairman of the nomination committee. The roles and functions of the nomination committee include nomination of potential candidates for directorship, reviewing the nomination of the Directors and making recommendations to the Board for ensuring that all nominations are fair and transparent.

## Related party transactions

Details  of  the  material  related  party  transactions  undertaken  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  by  the  Group during  the  Year,  which  constituted  connected  transactions  of  the  Group  but  was  fully  exempt  from  the  reporting, announcement, annual review and independent shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules are set out in note 38 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

## Auditors

The accounts for the Year were audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited whose term of office will expire upon the forthcoming annual general meeting. A resolution for the re-appointment of HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited as auditors of the Company for the subsequent year is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

There was no change of auditors of the Company in the past three years.

## Compliance with relevant laws and regulations

The  Company  has  been  in  compliance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant  impact  on  the Company.

## On behalf of the Board

## Fu Yuanhong

Chairman

Hong Kong, 31 August 2022

## Report of the Directors

## Independent Auditors' Report

<!-- image -->

31/F, Gloucester Tower The Landmark 11 Pedder Street Central Hong Kong

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF DADI INTERNATIONAL GROUP LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands and continued in Bermuda with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Dadi International Group Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Group')  set  out  on  pages  50  to  155,  which  comprise  the  consolidated statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  March  2022,  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive  income,  the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  and  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards  ('HKFRSs')  issued  by  the  Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Standards  on  Auditing  ('HKSAs')  issued  by  the  HKICPA. Our  responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further  described  in  the Auditors'  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of the Consolidated Financial Statements  section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the  HKICPA's Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants  (the  'Code'),  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other  ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN

We draw attention  to  note  4  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  which  indicates  that  the  Group  incurred  a net  loss  of  approximately  HK$378,480,000  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  and,  as  of  that  date,  the  Group's current  liabilities  exceeded  its  current  assets  by  HK$29,857,000.  Further,  the  Group  had  defaulted  borrowings  of approximately HK$652,660,000. These events or conditions, along with other matters as set forth in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgment,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming  our  opinion  thereon,  and  we  do  not  provide  a  separate opinion  on  these  matters.  In  addition  to  the  matter  described  in  the Material  Uncertainty  Related  to  Going  Concern section, we have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

## Key audit matter

## How our audit address the key audit matter

## Assessment of expected credit losses ('ECL') of trade, bills and other receivables and deposits, deposit for film production and deposit for purchase of film rights

Refer  to  notes  4,  24  and  25  to  the  consolidated financial statements.

At 31 March 2022, the Group had trade, bills and other receivables  and  deposits,  deposit  for  film  production and  deposit  for  purchase  of  film  rights  of  gross carrying  amount  of  approximately  HK$1,011,644,000, HK$115,221,000 and HK$15,413,000 respectively, with provision  of  ECL  of  HK$362,153,000,  HK$84,342,000 and HK$11,282,000 respectively.

The  Group  assessed  whether  the  credit  risk  of  trade, bills  and  other  receivables  and  deposits,  deposit  for film  production  and  deposit  for  purchase  of  film rights  have  increased  significantly  since  their  initial recognitions,  and  applied  a  three-stage  impairment model to calculate their ECLs.

I n  assessing  the  provision  of  ECLs,  management exercises  significant  judgment  on  the  selection of  unobservable  data  inputs  to  the  three-stage impairment  model  including  probability  of  default, exposure at default and loss given default.

We focused on ECL assessment due to the significance of  the  balances  of  trade,  bills  and  other  receivables and  deposits,  deposit  for  film  production  and  deposit for  purchase  of  film  rights  and  the  provision  of  ECL, and the assessment of ECL involves critical accounting estimates and judgments.

Our  procedures  in  relation  to  management's  ECL assessment  of  trade,  bills  and  other  receivables  and deposits,  deposit  for  film  production  and  deposit  for purchase of film rights included but not limited to:

- Understanding  and  evaluating  the  modeling methodologies used by management for measuring ECL;  assessing  key  parameters  and  assumptions made  by  management  with  reference  to  the relevant  historical  credit  loss  data  of  the  Group, observable  external  economic  data  and  discussion with independent qualified professional valuers;
- For  historical  information,  discussing  with management  to  understand  their  process of  assessing  risk  of  default  and  identifying significant  increase  in  credit  risk  and  corroborating management's  explanation  with  supporting evidence; and
- For  forward-looking  information,  reviewing  the appropriateness  of  economic  indicators  selected by  management's  expert  and  testing  the  resulting calculation  of  the  economic  indicators  determined thereby.

Based  on  the  procedures  performed,  we  found management's assessment of ECL of trade, bills and other receivables  and  deposits,  deposit  for  film  production  and deposit  for  purchase  of  film  rights  to  be  supportable  by available evidences.

## Independent Auditors' Report

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

## Key audit matter

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

## Fair  value  measurement  on  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income ('FVTOCI')

Refer  to  notes  4  and  28  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

At  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  unlisted  equity securities  classified  as  financial  assets  at  FVTOCI with  the  carrying  amounts  of  approximately HK$46,737,000.

The valuations of the Group's unlisted equity securities are  based  on  a  combination  of  market  data  and different  valuation  models  which  may  require  to consider numbers of input. The inputs to the valuation techniques  used  to  measure  fair  value  are  classified into level 3 fair value hierarchy in HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

We  focused  on  fair  value  measurement  on  financial assets  at  FVTOCI  as  it  involved  the  use  of  significant judgements and estimation uncertainty.

Our  procedures  in  relation  to  management's  fair  value measurement  on  financial  assets  at  FVTOCI  included  but not limited to:

- Enquiring  the  management  and  assessing  the methodologies used in fair value measurement and the  appropriateness  of  the  key  assumptions  and parameters;
- Checking,  on  sample  basis,  the  accuracy  and relevance of the input data used by comparing key underlying financial data inputs to external sources and investee companies' financial information;
- Evaluating  the  competence,  capabilities  and objectivity of the independent qualified professional valuers; and
- Checking the arithmetical accuracy on the valuation model.

Based  on  the  procedures  performed,  we  found management's fair value measurement on financial assets at FVTOCI to be supportable by available evidences.

## OTHER INFORMATION

The  directors  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  the  information  included in  the  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  our  auditors'  report  thereon. ('Other Information').

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the Other Information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the  Other Information and, in doing so, consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial  statements  or  our  knowledge  obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to  be  materially  misstated.  If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES  OF  THE  DIRECTORS  AND  THE  AUDIT  COMMITTEE  FOR  THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  directors  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of  the consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis  of  accounting  unless  the  directors  either  intend  to  liquidate  the  Group  or  to  cease  operations,  or  have  no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Independent Auditors' Report

## Independent Auditors' Report

## AUDITORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditors'  report  that  includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person  for  the  contents  of  this  report.  Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with  HKSAs  will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exits. Misstatements  can  arise  from  fraud  or  error  and  are  considered  material  if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgment  and  maintain  professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  whether  due to  fraud  or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty  exists  related  to  events  or  conditions  that may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors' report to the related disclosures in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our  opinion.  Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

## Independent Auditors' Report

## AUDITORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide  the  Audit  Committee  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may  reasonably be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and  where  applicable,  actions  taken  to  eliminate  threats  or  safeguards applied.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  Audit  Committee,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most significance  in  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period  and  are  therefore  the  key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors' report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in  our  report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors' report is Hon Koon Fai, Alex.

## HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited

Certified Public Accountants

## Hon Koon Fai, Alex

Practising Certificate Number: P05029

Hong Kong, 31 August 2022

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  8  37,961  615,941  Cost of sales  (19,492)  (490,731)  Gross profit  18,469  125,210  Other gains or losses, net  9  3,057  3,587  Loss on disposal of subsidiaries  -  (20,161)  Administrative expenses  (44,908)  (70,665)  Allowance for expected credit losses, net  (300,716)  (143,913)  Impairment loss recognised in respect of  property, plant and equipment  18  (260)  (1,182)  Impairment loss recognised in respect of right-of-use assets  19  (397)  (805)  Impairment loss recognised in respect of intangible asset  21  -  (8,682)  Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill  20  -  (7,721)  Share of profit/(loss) of an associate  139  (156)  Loss from operations  11  (324,616)  (124,488)  Finance costs  12  (52,527)  (60,155)  Loss before taxation  (377,143)  (184,643)  Income tax expense  13  (1,337)  (11,485)  Loss for the year  (378,480)  (196,128)  Other comprehensive income for the year  Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:  Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through  other comprehensive income  6,900  13,921  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  29,640  48,221  Share of other comprehensive income of an associate,  net of income tax  12  13  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax  36,552  62,155  Total comprehensive expense for the year  (341,928)  (133,973)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (217,838)  (152,500)  Non-controlling interests  (160,642)  (43,628)  (378,480)  (196,128)  Total comprehensive expense for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (184,505)  (96,773)  Non-controlling interests  (157,423)  (37,200)  (341,928)  (133,973)  Loss per share  Basic and diluted  17  HK(5.98) cents  HK(4.27) cents   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

As at 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  18  272  889  Right-of-use assets  19  2,462  1,379  Goodwill  20  6,688  6,417  Financial assets at fair value through  other comprehensive income  28  46,737  39,789  Investment in an associate  22  -  312  56,159  48,786  Current assets  Inventories  23  1,745  -  Trade, bills and other receivables, deposits and prepayments  24  975,203  1,221,750  Deposit for film production  25  30,879  30,151  Deposit for purchase of film rights  25  4,131  4,033  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  27  2  2  Bank balances and cash  29  16,854  36,196  1,028,814  1,292,132  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  30  361,323  298,848  Borrowings  31  652,660  627,156  Lease liabilities  32  2,776  2,390  Tax payable  41,912  41,821  1,058,671  970,215  Net current (liabilities)/assets  (29,857)  321,917  Total assets less current liabilities  26,302  370,703  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  32  219  215  Net assets  26,083  370,488   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

As at 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Capital and reserves  Share capital  35  36,406  36,406  Reserves  158,467  342,937  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  194,873  379,343  Non-controlling interests  41  (168,790)  (8,855)  Total equity  26,083  370,488   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 August 2022 and signed on its behalf by:

Fu Yuanhong Director

Wu Xiaoming Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Attributable to the owners of the Company  Share  capital  Share  premium  Contributed  surplus  Capital  contribution  reserve  Statutory  reserve  Revaluation  reserve  Translation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Subtotal  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  Note (i)  Note (ii)  Note (iii)  Note (iv)  Note (v)  Note (vi)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 April 2020  35,649  1,823,073  325,798  -  6,939  (1,093)  (8,489)  (1,697,965)  483,912  51,903  535,815  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (152,500)  (152,500)  (43,628)  (196,128)  Other comprehensive income for the year,  net of income tax:  Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value  through other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  13,709  -  -  13,709  212  13,921  Exchange differences on translation of  foreign operations  -  -  -  -  -  -  42,010  -  42,010  6,211  48,221  Share of other comprehensive income of  an associate, net of income tax  -  -  -  -  -  -  8  -  8  5  13  Total comprehensive expense for the year  -  -  -  -  -  13,709  42,018  (152,500)  (96,773)  (37,200)  (133,973)  Issue of shares, net of issuing expenses (note 33)  757  5,500  -  -  -  -  -  -  6,257  -  6,257  Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 33)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  11,840  11,840  Release of reserves upon disposal of  subsidiaries (note 34)  -  -  -  -  -  -  207  -  207  -  207  Capital contribution from non-controlling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,067  2,067  Transfer to statutory reserve  -  -  -  -  767  -  -  (767)  -  -  -  Dividend declared and paid (note 16)  -  -  (14,260)  -  -  -  -  -  (14,260)  -  (14,260)  Dividend declared to non-controlling  interests (note 41)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (37,465)  (37,465)  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  36,406  1,828,573  311,538  -  7,706  12,616  33,736  (1,851,232)  379,343  (8,855)  370,488  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (217,838)  (217,838)  (160,642)  (378,480)  Other comprehensive income for the year,  net of income tax:  Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value  through other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  6,900  -  -  6,900  -  6,900  Exchange differences on translation of  foreign operations  -  -  -  -  -  -  26,426  -  26,426  3,214  29,640  Share of other comprehensive income of  an associate, net of income tax  -  -  -  -  -  -  7  -  7  5  12  Total comprehensive expense for the year  -  -  -  -  -  6,900  26,433  (217,838)  (184,505)  (157,423)  (341,928)  Release of revaluation reserve upon disposal  of financial assets at fair value through  other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  30  -  (30)  -  -  -  Disposal of a subsidiary (note 34)  -  -  -  295  -  -  (260)  -  35  (2,512)  (2,477)  As at 31 March 2022  36,406  1,828,573  311,538  295  7,706  19,546  59,909  (2,069,100)  194,873  (168,790)  26,083   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Notes:

## (i) Share premium

After the change of domicile, the application of share premium account is governed by the relevant provisions set out in the Company's Bye-laws and the Companies Act.

## (ii) Contributed surplus

The contributed surplus of the Group represents the difference between the nominal value of the shares of the subsidiaries acquired and the nominal value of the shares of the Company issued for the acquisition at the time of the reorganisation of the Group.

The  contributed  surplus  of  the  Company  represents  the  difference  between  the  nominal  value  of  the  shares  of  the subsidiaries acquired and the nominal value of the shares of the Company issued in exchange pursuant to the reorganisation of the Group.

## (iii) Capital contribution reserve

Capital  contribution  reserve  represents  the  differences  between  the  deemed  consideration  received  and  the  proportionate share of the carrying amount of the net assets attributable to the owners of the Company upon the deemed disposal of a subsidiary.

## (iv) Statutory reserve

The statutory reserve of the Group refers to the PRC statutory reserve fund. Appropriations to such reserve fund are made out of profit after tax as recorded in the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries. The amount should not be less than 10% of the profit after tax as recorded in the statutory financial statements unless the aggregate amount exceeds 50% of the registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries. The statutory reserve can be used to make up prior year losses, if any, and can be applied in conversion into the PRC subsidiaries' capital by means of capitalisation issue.

## (v) Revaluation reserve

Revaluation reserve of the Group comprises all differences arising from the fair value changes of the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 4.

## (vi) Translation reserve

Translation  reserve  comprises  all  foreign  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the  financial  statements  of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 4.

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating activities  Loss before taxation  (377,143)  (184,643)  Adjustments for:  Interest income  9  (93)  (291)  Dividend income  9  (3,135)  (1,385)  Foreign exchange (gain)/loss, net  11  (118)  117  Interest expenses  12  52,527  60,155  Amortisation of intangible asset  11  -  1,085  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  11  320  1,532  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  11  3,522  5,326  Loss on written off of property, plant and equipment  9  76  -  Loss on disposal of subsidiaries  -  20,161  Allowance for expected credit losses, net  11  300,716  143,913  Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill  20  -  7,721  Impairment loss recognised in respect of property,  plant and equipment  18  260  1,182  Impairment loss recognised in respect of right-of-use assets  19  397  805  Impairment loss recognised in respect of intangible assets  21  -  8,682  Share of (profit)/loss of an associate  (139)  156  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  (22,810)  64,516  Increase in inventories  (1,716)  -  Increase in trade, bills and other receivables, deposits and  prepayments  (39,841)  (193,626)  Increase in trade and other payables  49,754  157,519  Cash (used in)/generated from operating activities  (14,613)  28,409  Tax paid  (3,088)  (12,787)  Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities  (17,701)  15,622   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Investing activities  Interest received  93  291  Dividend received  2,680  1,385  Investment in an associate  -  (457)  Capital reduction of financial asset at fair value through  other comprehensive income  -  1,434  Net cash inflow from acquisition of a subsidiary  33  -  660  Net cash outflow from disposal of subsidiaries  34  (3,247)  (27)  Acquisition of financial asset at fair value through  other comprehensive income  (622)  -  Proceeds from disposal of financial asset at fair value through  other comprehensive income  6,088  -  Acquisition of property, plant and equipment  18  (288)  (618)  Net cash generated from investing activities  4,704  2,668  Financing activities  Interest paid  (6,465)  (59,632)  Proceeds from borrowings  608,386  36,145  Repayment of borrowings  (604,404)  -  Capital contribution from non-controlling interests  -  2,067  Repayment of lease liabilities  (4,995)  (6,145)  Dividend paid to owners of the Company  -  (14,260)  Net cash used in financing activities  (7,478)  (41,825)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (20,475)  (23,535)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  36,196  55,871  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  1,133  3,860  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  Bank balances and cash  29  16,854  36,196   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

Dadi  International  Group  Limited  (the  'Company')  was  incorporated  as  an  exempted  company  with limited  liability  in  the  Cayman  Islands  on  9  November  2001  and  continued  in  Bermuda  on  20  April  2009. The  Company's  shares  have  been  listed  on  GEM  of  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  (the  'Stock Exchange') since 26 August 2002. Its immediate holding company is Dadi International Holdings Co., Ltd and ultimate holding company is ⼭西省國有資本運營有限公司 , a company incorporated in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC').

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars ('HK$'), which is the same as the functional  currency  of  the  Company  and  all  values  are  rounded  to  the  nearest  thousand  (HK$'000)  except otherwise indicated.

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are publication, purchase and distributing of books, provision of environmental consultancy services, provision of financial  leasing  and  other  financial  services,  provision  of  advertising  and  media  related  services  and  sale  of healthcare products.

## 2. APPLICATION  OF  NEW  AND  AMENDMENTS  TO  HONG  KONG  FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARD ('HKFRSs')

## New and Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

In  the  current  year,  the  Group  has  applied  the  following  amendments  to  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA')  for  the  first  time,  which  are  mandatorily  effective  for the  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  April  2021  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial statements:

| Amendment to HKFRS 16  Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions  Amendment to HKFRS 16  Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021  Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39,  HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16  Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition, the Group applied the agenda decision of the IFRS Interpretations Committee of the International Accounting  Standards  Board  issued  in  June  2021  which  clarified  the  costs  an  entity  should  include  as 'estimated costs necessary to make the sale' when determining the net realisable value of inventories.

The  application  of  the  amendments  to  HKFRSs  in  the  current  year  had  no  material  impact  on  the  Group's financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRSs IN ISSUE BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE

The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:

| HKFRS 17 Amendments to HKFRS 3 Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 Amendments to HKAS 1  Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments 2  Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and  its Associate or Joint Venture 3  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and  related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 2  Amendments to HKAS 1 and  HKFRS Practice Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates 2  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from  a Single Transaction 2  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use 1  Amendments to HKAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1  Amendments to HKFRSs  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users.

In  addition,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  include  applicable  disclosures  required  by  the  Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the 'GEM Listing Rules') and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the  historical  cost  basis  except  for  certain financial  instruments  that  are  measured  fair  values  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  as  explained  in  the accounting policies below.

Historical  cost  is  generally  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  given  in  exchange  for  goods  and services.

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  in  an  orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable  or  estimated  using  another  valuation  technique.  In  estimating  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  or  a liability,  the  Group  takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for  measurement  and/or  disclosure  purposes  in  these  consolidated  financial  statements  is  determined  on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16 Leases , and measurements that  have  some  similarities  to  fair  value  but  are  not  fair  value,  such  as  net  realisable  value  in  HKAS  2 Inventories  or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable inputs are  to  be  used  to  measure  fair  value  in  subsequent  periods,  the  valuation  technique  is  calibrated  so  that  at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)

In  addition,  for  financial  reporting  purposes,  fair  value  measurements  are  categorised  into  Level  1,  2  or  3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;
- Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

## Going concern

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group incurred a net loss of approximately HK$378,480,000, and as of that date, the Group's current liabilities exceeded its current assets by HK$29,857,000. Further, the Group had  defaulted  borrowings  of  approximately  HK$652,660,000.  The  directors  of  the  Company  adopted  the going  concern  basis  in  the  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  and  implemented  the  following measures in order to improve the working capital and liquidity and cash flow position of the Group. In view of such circumstances, the directors of the Company have given careful consideration to future liquidity and performance of the Group and its available sources of financing in assessing whether the Group will be able to finance its future working capital and finance requirements. Certain measures have been and will be taken to  manage its  liquidity  need  and  to  improve  its  financial  position  which  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  the followings:

- (i) The Company has actively negotiated with financial institutions to secure the renewals of the Group's borrowings and the financial institutions have agreed to waive defaulted interests;
- (ii) Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the Group has obtained a written confirmation from ⼭西省環境集團有限公司 ,  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  which  confirms  to  provide continuing financial support to the Group to enable the Group to meet its financial obligations as and when they fall due for the foreseeable future, and not to demand repayment of any of the amounts due to them by the Group in the next twelve months from the date of confirmation;
- (iii) The  Group  has  taken  measures  to  tighten  cost  controls  over  production  costs  and  expenses  with  the aim of attaining profitable and positive cash flow operations;
- (iv) The Group may consider to dispose non-core business and/or financial assets if required; and

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)

## Going concern (continued)

- (v) The  Company  has  actively  negotiated  with  investors  for  obtaining  further  financing  when  necessary including but not limited to shareholder's loan, equity financing and bank borrowings to improve the liquidity of the Group.

In the opinion of the directors of the Company, in light of the various measures or arrangements implemented after the end of reporting period, the Group will have sufficient working capital for its current requirements and it is reasonable to expect the Group to remain a commercially viable concern. Accordingly, the directors of the Company are satisfied that it is appropriate to prepare the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

Should the Group be unable to continue to operate as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to write down the value of assets to their recoverable amounts, to provide for further liabilities which might arise  and  to  reclassify  non-current  assets  and  non-current  liabilities  as  current  assets  and  current  liabilities respectively. The effect of these adjustments has not been reflected in the consolidated financial statements.

The principal accounting policies are set out below.

## Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  incorporate  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Basis of consolidation (continued)

Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to  the  non-controlling  interests.  Total  comprehensive  income  of  subsidiaries  is  attributed  to  the  owners  of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

When necessary,  adjustments  are  made  to  the  financial  statements  of  subsidiaries  to  bring  their  accounting policies into line with the Group's accounting policies.

All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

Non-controlling  interests  in  subsidiaries  are  presented  separately  from  the  Group's  equity  therein,  which represent  present  ownership  interests  entitling  their  holders  to  a  proportionate  share  of  net  assets  of  the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

## Changes in the Group's interests in existing subsidiaries

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling interests  (if  any)  are  derecognised.  A  gain  or  loss  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  and  is  calculated  as  the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in  relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  (i.e.  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  or  transferred  to  another  category  of  equity  as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments  or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.

## Business combination

Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control, are accounted for using the  acquisition  method.  The  consideration  transferred  in  a  business  combination  is  measured  at  fair  value, which  is  calculated  as  the  sum  of  the  acquisition-date  fair  values  of  the  assets  transferred  by  the  Group, liabilities  incurred  by  the  Group  to  the  former  owners  of  the  acquiree  and  the  equity  interests  issued  by  the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements  (replaced by the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting  issued in October 2010).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Business combination (continued)

At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date, except that:

- deferred  tax  assets  or  liabilities  and  assets  or  liabilities  related  to  employee  benefit  arrangements  are recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes  and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;
- liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or sharebased payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);
- assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations  are measured in accordance with that standard; and
- lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is  of  low  value.  Right-of-use  assets  are  recognised  and  measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

Goodwill  is  measured  as  the  excess  of  the  sum  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any  noncontrolling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree  (if  any)  over  the  net  amount  of  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  the  liabilities  assumed  as  at acquisition date. If, after assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair  value  of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  interest  in  the  acquiree  (if  any),  the  excess  is  recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

Non-controlling  interests  that  are  present  ownership  interests  and  entitle  their  holders  to  a  proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary's net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured at the noncontrolling interests' proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets or at fair  value.  The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at their fair value.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Business combination (continued)

When  the  consideration  transferred  by  the  Group  in  a  business  combination  includes  a  contingent consideration  arrangement,  the  contingent  consideration  is  measured  at  its  acquisition-date  fair  value  and included  as  part  of  the  consideration  transferred  in  a  business  combination.  Changes  in  the  fair  value  of the  contingent  consideration  that  qualify  as  measurement  period  adjustments  are  adjusted  retrospectively. Measurement  period  adjustments  are  adjustments  that  arise  from  additional  information  obtained  during the  'measurement  period'  (which  cannot  exceed  one  year  from  the  acquisition  date)  about  facts  and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

The  subsequent  accounting  for  the  contingent  consideration  that  do  not  qualify  as  measurement  period adjustments  depends  on  how  the  contingent  consideration  is  classified.  Contingent  consideration  that is  classified  as  equity  is  not  remeasured  at  subsequent  reporting  dates  and  its  subsequent  settlement  is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

## Goodwill

Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  is  allocated  to  each  of  the  Group's  cash-generating  units ('CGU')  (or  groups  of  CGUs)  that  is  expected  to  benefit  from  the  synergies  of  the  combination,  which represent  the  lowest  level  at  which  the  goodwill  is  monitored  for  internal  management  purposes  and  not larger than an operating segment.

A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before  the  end  of  that  reporting  period.  If  the  recoverable  amount  is  less  than  its  carrying  amount,  the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).

On  disposal  of  the  relevant  CGU  or  any  of  the  CGU  within  the  group  of  CGUs,  the  attributable  amount of  goodwill  is  included  in  the  determination  of  the  amount  of  profit  or  loss  on  disposal.  When  the  Group disposes  of  an  operation  within  the  CGU  (or  a  CGU  within  a  group  of  CGUs),  the  amount  of  goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the portion of the CGU (or the groups of CGUs) retained.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Investment in an associate

An  associate  is  an  entity  over  which  the  Group  has  significant  influence.  Significant  influence  is  the  power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

The results and assets and liabilities of an associate are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of an associate used for equity accounting purposes  are  prepared  using  uniform  accounting  policies  as  those  of  the  Group  for  like  transactions  and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  at  cost  and  adjusted  thereafter  to  recognise  the  Group's share  of  the  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  of  an  associate.  Changes  in  net  assets  of  the associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group's share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group's interest in that associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part  of  the  Group's  net  investment  in  the  associate),  the  Group  discontinues  recognising  its  share  of  further losses.  Additional  losses  are  recognised  only  to  the  extent  that  the  Group  has  incurred  legal  or  constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee becomes  an  associate.  On  acquisition  of  the  investment  in  an  associate,  any  excess  of  the  cost  of  the investment over the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group's  share  of  the  net  fair  value  of  the  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  over  the  cost  of  the  investment, after  reassessment,  is  recognised  immediately  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  the  investment  is acquired.

The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Investments in an associate (continued)

When the Group ceases to have significant  influence  over  an  associate,  it  is  accounted  for  as  a  disposal  of the  entire  interest  in  the  investee  with  a  resulting  gain  or  loss  being  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  When  the Group retains an interest in the former associate and the retained interest is a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as  its  fair  value  on  initial  recognition.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the  associate  and  the fair  value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of the relevant interest in an associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of an associate. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if  a  gain  or  loss  previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate would be reclassified to  profit  or  loss  on  the  disposal  of  the  related  assets  or  liabilities,  the  Group  reclassifies  the  gain  or  loss from  equity  to  profit  or  loss  (as  a  reclassification  adjustment)  upon  disposal/partial  disposal  of  the  relevant associate.

The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture. There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

When the  Group  reduces  its  ownership  interest  in  an  associate  but  the  Group  continues  to  use  the  equity method, the  Group  reclassifies  to  profit  or  loss  the  proportion  of  the  gain  or  loss  that  had  previously  been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

When  a  group  entity  transacts  with  an  associate  of  the  Group,  profits  and  losses  resulting  from  the transactions with the associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Intangible assets

## Intangible assets acquired separately

Intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  that  are  acquired  separately  are  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over their  estimated  useful  lives.  The  estimated  useful  lives  and  amortisation  method  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or  disposal.  Gains  and  losses  arising  from  derecognition  of  an  intangible  asset,  measured  as  the  difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

## Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Cost  is  determined  on  the  weighted average basis. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling prices for inventories less all costs necessary to  make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

## Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes. Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation  and  any  impairment  losses,  if  any.  The  cost  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use. Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gains/losses on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of property, plant and equipment.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

| Leasehold improvements  Over the shorter of the lease terms or 20%  Furniture and fixtures  20% - 33%  Showroom equipment  33%  Office equipment  20% - 33%  Motor vehicles  20% - 25%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Residual values, estimated useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is  derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  no  future  economic benefits  are  expected  to  arise  from  the  continued  use  of  the  asset.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on  the  disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

## Leases

## Definition of a lease

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 or arising from business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Leases (continued)

## The Group as a lessee

## Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the  Group  allocates  the  consideration  in  the  contract  to  each  lease  component  on  the  basis  of  the  relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

The  Group  applies  practical  expedient  not  to  separate  non-lease  components  from  lease  component, and  instead  account  for  the  lease  component  and  any  associated  non-lease  components  as  a  single  lease component.

## Short-term leases

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of office premises that have a lease term  of  12  months  or  less  from  the  commencement  date  and  do  not  contain  a  purchase  option.  Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

## Right-of-use assets

The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

- the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
- any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost,  less  any  accumulated  depreciation  and  impairment  losses,  and adjusted  for  any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  other  than  adjustments  to  lease  liabilities  resulting  from Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Leases (continued)

## The Group as a lessee (continued)

## Right-of-use assets (continued)

Right-of-use  assets  in  which  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  obtain  ownership  of  the  underlying  leased assets  at  the  end  of  the  lease  term  are  depreciated  from  commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

The  Group  presents  right-of-use  assets  as  a  separate  line  item  on  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial position.

## Refundable rental deposits

Refundable  rental  deposits  paid  are  accounted  under  HKFRS  9 Financial  Instruments  and  initially  measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

## Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

The lease payments include:

- fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
- variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
- amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
- the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and
- payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to terminate the lease.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Leases (continued)

## The Group as a lessee (continued)

## Lease liabilities (continued)

After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

The  Group  remeasures  lease  liabilities  (and  makes  a  corresponding  adjustment  to  the  related  right-of-use assets) whenever:

- the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
- the  lease  payments  change  due  to  changes  in  expected  payment  under  a  guaranteed  residual  value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Lease modifications

Except for  Covid-19-related  rent  concessions  in  which  the  Group  applied  the  practical  expedient,  the  Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

- the  modification  increases  the  scope  of  the  lease  by  adding  the  right  to  use  one  or  more  underlying assets; and
- the  consideration  for  the  leases  increases  by  an  amount  commensurate  with  the  stand-alone  price for  the  increase  in  scope  and  any  appropriate  adjustments  to  that  stand-alone  price  to  reflect  the circumstances of the particular contract.

For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based  on  the  lease  term  of  the  modified  lease  by  discounting  the  revised  lease  payments  using  a  revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

The  Group  accounts  for  the  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  by  making  corresponding  adjustments  to the  relevant  right-of-use  asset.  When  the  modified  contract  contains  a  lease  component  and  one  or  more additional  lease  or  non-lease  components,  the  Group  applies  practical  expedient  not  to  separate  non-lease components from lease  component,  and  instead  account  for  the  lease  component  and  any  associated  nonlease components as a single lease component.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Leases (continued)

## Covid-19-related rent concessions

In  relation  to  rent  concessions  that  occurred  as  a  direct  consequence  of  the  Covid-19  pandemic,  the  Group has elected to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease modification if all of the following conditions are met:

- the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;
- any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022; and
- there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

A  lessee  applying  the  practical  expedient  accounts  for  changes  in  lease  payments  resulting  from  rent concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying HKFRS 16 if the changes are not a lease modification.  Forgiveness  or  waiver  of  lease  payments  are  accounted  for  as  variable  lease  payments.  The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

## Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions  of  the  instrument.  All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognised  and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that  require  delivery  of  assets  within  the  time  frame  established  by  regulation  or  convention  in  the  market place.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially  measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from  contracts  with  customers  which  are  measured  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  15 Revenue  from  Contracts with Customers . Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and  financial  liabilities  (other  than  financial  assets  or  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss ('FVTPL'))  are  added  to  or  deducted  from  the  fair  value  of  the  financial  assets  or  financial  liabilities,  as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial  asset  or  financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate  is  the  rate  that  exactly  discounts  estimated  future  cash  receipts  and  payments  (including  all  fees  and points  paid  or  received  that  form  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate,  transaction  costs  and  other premiums  or  discounts)  through  the  expected  life  of  the  financial  asset  or  financial  liability,  or,  where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

## Financial assets

## Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of  principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial  assets  that  meet  the  following  conditions  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income ('FVTOCI'):

- the  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  achieved  by  both  selling  and collecting contractual cash flows; and
- the  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely  payments  of  principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

All  other  financial  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  FVTPL,  except  that  at  the  initial  recognition  of  a financial  asset  the  Group  may  irrevocably  elect  to  present  subsequent  changes  in  fair  value  of  an  equity investment  in  other  comprehensive  income  ('OCI')  if  that  equity  investment  is  neither  held  for  trading  nor contingent  consideration  recognised  by  an  acquirer  in  a  business  combination  to  which  HKFRS  3 Business Combination  applies.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

## Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)

A financial asset is held for trading if:

- it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
- on  initial  recognition  it  is  a  part  of  a  portfolio  of  identified  financial  instruments  that  the  Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

In  addition,  the  Group  may  irrevocably  designate  a  financial  asset  that  are  required  to  be  measured  at  the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

## Amortised cost and interest income

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. For financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  a  financial  asset,  except  for  financial  assets  that have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired.  For  financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become  creditimpaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  amortised  cost  of  the financial  asset  from  the  next  reporting  period.  If  the  credit  risk  on  the  credit-impaired  financial  instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

## Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI

Subsequent  changes  in  the  carrying  amounts  for  debt  instruments/receivables  classified  as  at  FVTOCI  as  a result  of  interest  income  calculated  using  the  effective  interest  method,  and  foreign  exchange  gains  and losses  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  All  other  changes  in  the  carrying  amount  of  these  debt  instruments are recognised in OCI and accumulated under the heading of revaluation reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to OCI without reducing the carrying amounts of these debt instruments. The amounts that are recognised in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if these debt instruments had been measured at amortised cost. When these debt instruments are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

## Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)

## Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

Investments  in  equity  instruments  at  FVTOCI  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value  with  gains  and  losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in the revaluation reserve; and are not subject  to  impairment  assessment.  The  cumulative  gain  or  loss  will  not  be  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated losses.

Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group's right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the 'other gains or losses, net' line item in profit or loss.

## Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains  or  losses  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  The  net  gain  or  loss  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  includes  any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the 'other gains or losses, net' line item.

## Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9

The  Group  performs  impairment  assessment  under  expected  credit  losses  ('ECL')  model  on  financial  assets (including  trade,  bills  and  other  receivables  and  deposits,  deposit  for  film  production,  deposit  for  purchase of film rights and bank balances and cash which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant  instrument.  In  contrast,  12-month  ECL  ('12m  ECL')  represents  the  portion  of  lifetime  ECL  that  is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are  done  based  on  the  Group's  historical  credit  loss  experience,  adjusted  for  factors  that  are  specific  to  the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (continued)

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables without significant financing component. The ECL  on  these  assets  are  assessed  individually  and/or  collectively  using  a  provision  matrix  with  appropriate groupings.

For  all  other  instruments,  the  Group  measures  the  loss  allowance  equal  to  12m  ECL,  unless  when  there  has been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group  recognises  lifetime  ECL.  The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

## (i) Significant increase in credit risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  date  of  initial  recognition.  In  making this  assessment,  the  Group  considers  both  quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable and  supportable,  including  historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information  that  is  available without undue cost or effort.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit  risk  has increased significantly:

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if available) or internal credit rating;
- significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
- existing  or  forecast  adverse  changes  in  business,  financial  or  economic  conditions  that  are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or  technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

Impairment of financial assets (continued)

## (i) Significant increase in credit risk (continued)

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the  credit  risk  has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 180 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

## (ii) Definition of default

For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally  or  obtained  from  external  sources  indicates  that  the  debtor  is  unlikely  to  pay  its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than  1  year  past  due  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and  supportable  information  to  demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

- a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- c) the  lender(s)  of  the  borrower,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the  borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (continued)

## (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets (continued)

- d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
- e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

## (iv) Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the  counterparty is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  there  is  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery,  for  example,  when  the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

## (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The  measurement  of  ECL  is  a  function  of  the  probability  of  default,  loss  given  default  (i.e.  the magnitude  of  the  loss  if  there  is  a  default)  and  the  exposure  at  default.  The  assessment  of  the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation  of  ECL  reflects  an  unbiased  and  probability-weighted  amount  that  is  determined  with  the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  to  the  Group  in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

Impairment of financial assets (continued)

## (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL (continued)

For  collective  assessment,  the  Group  takes  into  consideration  the  following  characteristics  when formulating the grouping:

- Past-due status;
- Nature, size and industry of debtors; and
- External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

Interest  income  is  calculated  based  on  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset  unless  the financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments through a loss allowance account.

## Financial liabilities and equity

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An  equity  instrument  is  any  contract  that  evidences  a  residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  an  entity  after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Group are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial liabilities

All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost

Financial  liabilities  including  trade  and  other  payables,  borrowings  and  lease  liabilities  are  subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

## Derecognition

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset  to  another  entity.  If  the  Group  neither  transfers  nor  retains  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group continues to recognise the asset to the extent of its continuing involvement and recognises an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay.

If  the  Group  retains  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership  of  a  transferred  financial  asset, the  Group  continues  to  recognise  the  financial  asset  and  also  recognises  a  collateralised  borrowing  for  the proceeds received.

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

On derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.

On derecognition  of  an  investment  in  equity  instrument  which  the  Group  has  elected  on  initial  recognition to  measure  at  FVTOCI,  the  cumulative  gain  or  loss  previously  accumulated  in  the  revaluation  reserve  is  not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated losses.

The  Group  derecognises  financial  liabilities  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations  are  discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Impairment of tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill

At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviews  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  tangible  and  intangible assets  with  finite  useful  lives  to  determine  whether  there  is  any  indication  that  those  assets  have  suffered an  impairment  loss.  If  any  such  indication  exists,  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  asset  is  estimated  in  order to  determine  the  extent  of  the  impairment  loss  (if  any).  The  recoverable  amount  of  property,  plant  and equipment,  right-of-use  assets,  and  intangible  asset  are  estimated  individually.  When  it  is  not  possible  to estimate  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  individual  asset,  the  Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of the  cash-generating  unit  to  which  the  asset  belongs.  When  a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  of  allocation can  be  identified,  corporate  assets  are  also  allocated  to  individual  CGUs,  or  otherwise  they  are  allocated  to the  smallest  group  of  cash-generating  units  for  which  a  reasonable  and  consistent  allocation  basis  can  be identified.

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  In  assessing  value  in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects  current  market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  (or  a  CGU)  is  estimated  to  be  less  than  its  carrying  amount,  the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of  corporate  assets  which  cannot  be  allocated  on  a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  to  a  CGU,  the  Group compares the carrying amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of  each  asset  in  the  unit  or  the  group  of  CGUs.  The  carrying  amount  of  an  asset  is  not  reduced  below  the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Where  an  impairment  loss  subsequently  reverses,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  (or  CGU  or  a  group  of CGUs)  is  increased  to  the  revised  estimate  of  its  recoverable  amount,  but  so  that  the  increased  carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised  for  the  asset  (or  a  CGU  or  a  group  of  CGUs)  in  prior  years.  A  reversal  of  an  impairment  loss  is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## Film rights

Film rights represent films produced by the Group or acquired by the Group which are initially recognised at cost.

Film rights purchased through acquisition are initially measured as the fair value of the consideration given for the recognition of the film rights.

Film rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. The cost of film  rights  are  amortised  over  their  estimated  useful  lives  upon  release  of  the  film.  Film  rights  not  ready  for release are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment.

The  carrying  amount  of  film  rights  is  written  down  immediately  to  its  recoverable  amount  if  its  carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognised  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress  towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- The customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs;
- The  Group's  performance  creates  or  enhances  an  asset  that  the  customer  controls  as  the  Group performs; or
- The Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct goods or services.

A  contract  asset  represents  the  Group's  right  to  consideration  in  exchange  for  goods  or  services  that  the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group's unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

A contract liability represents the Group's obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

A contract asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for an presented on a net basis.

## Principal versus agent

When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the  nature  of  its  promise  is  a  performance  obligation  to  provide  the  specified  goods  or  services  itself  (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is transferred to a customer.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

## Principal versus agent (continued)

The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good or service  by  another  party.  In  this  case,  the  Group  does  not  control  the  specified  good  or  service  provided  by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.

## Output method

The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method, which  is  to  recognise  revenue  on  the  basis  of  direct  measurements  of  the  value  of  the  goods  or  services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group's performance in transferring control of goods or services.

## Revenue recognition policies

## (i) Environmental consultancy service

Revenue  from  environmental  assessment  service  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  when  the environmental assessment report is completed and delivered.

Revenue  from  environmental  consulting  and  monitoring  service  is  recognised  over  time  using output  method,  over  the  period  of  services  provided.  Revenue  is  recognised  on  the  basis  of  direct measurement of the value of the services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining services promised under the contract.

## (ii) Financial services

Revenue  from  financial  services  is  recognised  over  time  using  output  method,  over  the  period  of services provide. Revenue is recognised on the basis of direct measurement of the value of the services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining services promised under the contract.

## (iii) Sale of healthcare products

Revenue  from  sale  of  healthcare  products  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  when  control  of  the healthcare products has been transferred, being when the healthcare products have been delivered to the customer.

## (iv) Publication, purchase and distribution of books

Revenue  from  publication,  purchase  and  distribution  of  books  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time when  control  of  the  books  has  been  transferred,  being  when  the  books  have  been  delivered  to  the wholesaler's specific location (delivery).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Employee benefits

## Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans

Salaries,  annual  bonuses,  paid  annual  leave,  contributions  to  defined  contribution  retirement  plans  and the  cost  of  non-monetary  benefits  are  accrued  in  the  year  in  which  the  associated  services  are  rendered  by employees.  Where  payment  or  settlement  is  deferred  and  the  effect  would  be  material,  these  amounts  are stated at their present values.

The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefits scheme (the 'MPF Scheme') under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees in Hong Kong.

Contributions  are  made  based  on  a  percentage  of  the  employees'  basic  salaries  and  are  charged  to  the statement  of  profit  or  loss  as  they  become  payable  in  accordance  with  the  rules  of  the  MPF  Scheme.  The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group's employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

The  employees  of  the  Company's  subsidiaries  operating  in  the  PRC  are  members  of  retirement  benefits schemes  (the  'PRC  RB  Schemes')  managed  by  the  local  municipal  governments.  The  PRC  subsidiaries  are required to contribute to the PRC RB Schemes to fund the retirement benefits. The local municipal government undertakes to assume the retirement benefit obligation of all existing and future retired employees of the PRC subsidiaries.  The  only  obligation  of  the  PRC  subsidiaries  with  respect  to  the  PRC  RB  Schemes  is  to  meet  the required contributions under the PRC RB Schemes. The contribution are charged to the profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC.

## Share-based payments

The fair value of share options granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost with a corresponding increase in share-based compensation reserve with equity. The fair value is measured at grant date using the Black-Scholes  Option  Pricing  Model,  taking  into  account  the  terms  and  conditions  upon  which  the  options were granted. Where the employees have to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to  the  share  options,  the  total  estimated  fair  value  of  the  share  options  is  spread  over  the  vesting  period, taking into account the probability that the options will vest.

During the vesting period, the number of share options expected to vest is reviewed. Any adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year under review, unless the original employee expenses qualify for recognition as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based compensation reserve.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Employee benefits (continued)

## Share-based payments (continued)

On  vesting  date,  the  amount  recognised  as  an  expense  is  adjusted  to  reflect  the  actual  number  of  share options  that  vest  (with  a  corresponding  adjustment  to  the  share-based  compensation  reserve)  except  where forfeiture  is  only  due  to  not  achieving  vesting  conditions  that  relate  to  the  market  price  of  the  Company's shares.  The  equity  amount  is  recognised  in  the  share-based  compensation  reserve  until  either  the  option  is exercised  (when  it  is  transferred  to  the  share  premium  account)  or  the  option  expires  (when  it  is  released directly to accumulated losses).

## Termination benefits

Termination  benefits  are  recognised  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group  demonstrably  commits  itself  to terminate employment or to provide benefits as a result of voluntary redundancy by having a detailed formal plan which is without realistic possibility of withdrawal.

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

## Current tax

The  tax  currently  payable  is  based  on  taxable  profit  for  the  year.  Taxable  profit  differs  from  loss  before  tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or  deductible.  The  Group's  liability  for  current  tax  is  calculated  using  tax  rates  that  have  been  enacted  or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

## Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  bases  used  in  the  computation  of  taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits  will  be  available  against  which  those  deductible  temporary  differences  can  be  utilised.  Such  deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profits. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Taxation (continued)

## Deferred tax (continued)

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in subsidiaries and associates except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  difference  will  not  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future.  Deferred  tax assets  arising  from  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  such  investments  and  interests  are  only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  at  the  tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  apply  in  the  period  in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

For  leasing  transactions  in  which  the  tax  deductions  are  attributable  to  the  lease  liabilities,  the  Group applies  HKAS  12 Income  Taxes  requirements  to  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  separately.  Temporary differences  relating  to  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities  are  not  recognised  at  initial  recognition  and over  the  lease  terms  due  to  application  of  the  initial  recognition  exemption.  Temporary  differences  arising from  subsequent  revision  to  the  carrying  amounts  of  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities,  resulting  from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject to initial recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  offset  when  there  is  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  set  off  current tax  assets  against  current  tax  liabilities  and  when  they  relate  to  income  taxes  levied  by  the  same  taxation authority.

Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items that are recognised in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity,  in  which  case,  the  current  and  deferred  tax  are  also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Provisions

Provisions  are  recognised  when  the  Group  has  a  present  obligation  (legal  and  constructive)  as  a  result  of  a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  taking  into  account  the  risks  and  uncertainties  surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its  carrying  amount is  the  present  value  of  those  cash  flows  (when  the  effect  of  the  time  value  of  money  is material).

## Foreign currencies

In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the entity's functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

For  the  purpose  of  presenting  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group's foreign  operations  are  translated  into  the  presentation  currency  of  the  Group  (i.e.  HK$)  using  exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange  rates  for  the  period,  unless  exchange  rates  fluctuated  significantly  during  that  period,  in  which case  the  exchange  rates  at  the  date  of  the  transactions  are  used.  Exchange  differences  arising,  if  any,  are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

On the  disposal  of  a  foreign  operation,  all  of  the  exchange  differences  accumulated  in  equity  in  respect  of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

In  addition,  in  relation  to  a  partial  disposal  of  a  subsidiary  that  does  not  result  in  the  Group  losing  control over  the  subsidiary,  the  proportionate  share  of  accumulated  exchange  differences  are  re-attributed  to  noncontrolling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposal of associates or jointly controlled entities that do not result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Foreign currencies (continued)

Goodwill  and  fair  value  adjustments  on  identifiable  assets  acquired  arising  on  the  acquisition  of  a  foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.  Exchange  differences  arising  are  recognised  in  other comprehensive income.

## Borrowing costs

All borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises  as  expenses  the  related  costs  for  which  the  grants  are  intended  to  compensate.  Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

Government  grants  related  to  income  that  are  receivable  as  compensation  for  expenses  or  losses  already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  they  become  receivable.  Such  grants  are  presented under 'other gains or losses, net'.

## Related parties

A related party is a person or entity that is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (a) A person or a close member of that person's family is related to the Group if that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. BASIS  OF  PREPARATION  OF  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS  AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Related parties (continued)

- (b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the  entity  and  the  Group  are  members  of  the  same  group  (which  means  that  each  parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member);
- (iii) both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one  entity  is  a  joint  venture  of  a  third  entity  and  the  other  entity  is  an  associate  of  the  third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a  person  identified  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  the  key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

## Segment reporting

Operating  segments,  and  the  amounts  of  each  segment  item  reported  in  the  consolidated  financial statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group's executive directors, being  the  chief  operating  decision  maker,  for  the  purpose  of  allocating  resources  to,  and  assessing  the performance of, the Group's various lines of business and geographical locations.

Individual  material  operating  segments  are  not  aggregated  for  financial  reporting  purposes  unless  the segments  have  similar  economic  characteristics  and  are  similar  in  respect  of  the  nature  of  products  and services,  the  nature  of  production  processes,  the  type  or  class  of  customers,  the  methods  used  to  distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while  maximising  the  return  to  stakeholders  through  the  optimisation  of  the  debt  and  equity  balance.  The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

The  directors  consider  the  cost  of  capital  and  the  risks  associated  with  each  class  of  capital.  Based  on recommendations  of  the  directors,  the  Group  will  balance  its  overall  capital  structure  through  the  payment of  dividends,  new  share  issues  and  share  buy-backs  as  well  as  the  issue  of  new  debt  or  the  redemption  of existing debt.

The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including current and non-current liabilities as shown in  the  consolidated statement of financial position) less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as 'equity' as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position plus net debt.

## Gearing ratio

The  directors  of  the  Company  review  the  capital  structure  on  an  annual  basis.  As  part  of  this  review,  the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The gearing ratios at 31 March 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total debt (Note a)  655,655  629,761  Less: cash and cash equivalents  (16,854)  (36,196)  Net debt  638,801  593,565  Equity (Note b)  26,083  370,488  Net debt to equity ratio  2,449.1%  160.2%  Total debt to equity ratio  2,513.7%  170.0%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) Debt included borrowings and lease liabilities, as detailed in notes 31 and 32, respectively.
- (b) Equity included all capital and reserves of the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at FVTOCI  46,737  39,789  Financial assets at FVTPL  2  2  Financial assets at amortised cost  701,355  947,523  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities at amortised cost  1,016,978  928,609   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair value measurement

The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

- the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions and traded in active markets are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices and ask prices respectively; and
- the  fair  values  of  other  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  (excluding  those  described  above)  are determined  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  pricing  models  based  on  discounted  cash  flow analysis.

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 March 2022  Assets  Financial assets at FVTOCI  -  -  46,737  46,737  Financial assets at FVTPL  2  -  -  2  At 31 March 2021  Assets  Financial assets at FVTOCI  -  -  39,789  39,789  Financial assets at FVTPL  2  -  -  2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Fair value measurement (continued)

| Type  Fair value  hierarchy  Valuation technique and  key input  Significant  unobservable inputs  Sensitivity  analysis  Financial assets  FVTOCI  Trust guarantee fund  2021: HK$5,832,000  Level 3  Discounted cash flow  Discounted cash flow method was  used to capture the present value  of the expected future economic  benefits that will flow out of the  the pledged security fund, based on  an appropriate discount rate  Discount rate  2021: 5.07%  Note (i)  Unlisted equity securities  2022: HK$46,115,000  (2021: HK$33,957,000)  Level 3  Market approach  The price to earnings ratio of  the comparable companies are  considered in the valuation to reflect  the condition that there may be  premium or discount on its carrying  value  Discount for lack of marketability,  determined with reference to the  market research performed by Stout  Risius Ross, LLC.  Price-to-earnings multiple  2022: 11.7 times to 19.1 times  (2021: 16.8 times)  Discount for lack of marketability  2022: 20.6% (2021: 20.6%)  Note (ii) and (iii)  Unlisted equity securities  2022: HK$622,000  Level 3  Asset-based approach  Net asset value  FVTPL  Listed equity securities  2022: HK$2,000  (2021: HK$2,000)  Level 1  Quoted bid price in an active market  N/A   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (i) An increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a decrease in the fair value measurement of the trust guarantee fund, and vice versa. A 5% change in the discount rate holding all other variables constant would change the recoverable amounts of trust guarantee fund by approximately HK$7,000 at 31 March 2021.
- (ii) An  increase  in  the  price-to-earnings  multiple  used  in  isolation  would  result  in  a  increase  in  the  fair  value measurement of the unlisted equity securities, and vice versa. A 5% change in the price-to-earnings multiple holding all  other  variables  constant  would  change  the  recoverable  amounts  of  unlisted  equity  securities  by  approximately HK$2,343,000 at 31 March 2022 (2021: HK$1,661,000).
- (iii) An increase  in  the  discount  for  lack  of  marketability  used  in  isolation  would  result  in  a  decrease  in  the  fair  value measurement of the unlisted equity securities, and vice versa. A 5% change in the discount for lack of marketability holding  all  other  variables  constant  would  change  the  recoverable  amounts  of  unlisted  equity  securities  by approximately HK$493,000 at 31 March 2022 (2021: HK$475,000).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Fair value measurement (continued)

The reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements is as following:

| Trust guarantee  fund  Unlisted equity  securities  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 April 2020  4,981  21,246  26,227  Capital reduction  -  (2,867)  (2,867)  Gain arising on change in fair value recognised in OCI  433  13,488  13,921  Exchange alignment  418  2,090  2,508  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  5,832  33,957  39,789  Disposal  (6,088)  -  (6,088)  Addition  -  4,425  4,425  Gain arising on change in fair value recognised in OCI  -  6,900  6,900  Exchange alignment  256  1,455  1,711  ## As at 31 March 2022  -  46,737  46,737   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in OCI is a gain amount of HK$6,900,000 (2021: gain of HK$13,921,000) relating to financial assets at FVTOCI held at the end of the current reporting period and is reported as revaluation reserve. There were no transfer between Level 1, 2 and 3.

The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities at amortised cost approximate their fair values.

## Financial risk management objectives and policies

Details  of  the  financial  instruments  for  both  the  Group  are  disclosed  in  respective  notes  to  the  financial statements.  The  risks  associated  with  these  financial  instruments  include  market  risk  (currency  risk,  interest rate  risk  and  other  price  risk),  credit  risk  and  liquidity  risk.  The  policies  on  how  to  mitigate  these  risks  are set  out  below.  Management  of  the  Company  manages  and  monitors  these  exposures  to  ensure  appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

The  Group's  major  financial  instruments  include  financial  assets  at  FVTOCI,  financial  assets  at  FVTPL,  trade, bills  and  other  receivables  and  deposits,  deposit  for  film  production,  deposit  for  purchase  of  film  rights, bank balances and cash, trade and other payables, borrowings and lease liabilities. Details of these financial instruments  are  disclosed  in  respective  notes.  The  risks  associated  with  these  financial  instruments  and  the policies  on  how  to  mitigate  these  risks  are  set  out  below.  The  management  manages  and  monitors  these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

There  has  been  no  change  to  the  Group's  risk  exposure  relating  to  financial  instruments  or  the  manner  in which it manages and measures the risks.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk

The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to trade, bills and other receivables and deposits, deposit for film  production,  deposit  for  purchase  of  film  rights  and  bank  balances.  Management  of  the  Company  has  a credit policy in place and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis.

In  relation  to  the  Group's  bank  balance  and  cash,  the  Group  limits  its  exposure  to  credit  risk  by  placing deposits with financial institutions with high credit rating and no recent history of default. The directors of the Company consider that the Group's credit risk on the bank deposits is low. Management continues to monitor the position and will take appropriate action if their ratings should change. As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group has no significant concentration of credit risk in relation to deposits with bank.

In  respect  of  trade  receivables,  the  credit  periods  usually  vary  from  one  month  to  three  months  depending on the nature of the business. Extension may be granted to major customers and each customer is granted a  maximum credit  limit.  Individual  credit  evaluations  are  performed  on  all  customers  requiring  credit  over  a certain  amount.  These  evaluations  focus  on  the  customer's  past  history  of  making  payments  when  due  and current ability to pay, and also taking into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to  the  economic  environment  in  which  the  customer  operates.  Debtors  with  balances  that  are  more  than  3 months past due are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit is granted and all overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the management of the Company. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

The  Group's  exposure  to  credit  risk  is  influenced  mainly  by  the  individual  characteristics  of  each  customer rather than the industry and country in which customers operate and therefore significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual customers. At the end of the reporting period, the Group has certain concentration of credit risk as 95.62% (2021: 96.06%) and 97.53% (2021: 98.12%) of the total trade receivables was due from the Group's largest customer and the five largest customers respectively.

The  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  is  represented  by  the  carrying  amount  of  each  financial  asset  in  the consolidated statement of financial position after deducting any loss allowance. The Group does not provide any guarantees which would expose the Group or the Company to credit risk.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of a financial asset and whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk,  the  Group  compares  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on the  asset  as  at  the  reporting  date  with  the  risk  of  default  as  at  the  date  of  initial  recognition.  It  considers available,  reasonable  and  supportive  forward-looking  information.  Especially  the  following  indicators  are incorporated:

- internal credit rating;
- external credit rating;
- actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  changes  in  business,  financial  or  economic  conditions  that  are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower's ability to meet its obligations;
- actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower;
- significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower; and
- significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the borrower, including changes in the payment status of borrowers in the Group and changes in the operating results of the borrower.

For  deposits  and  other  receivables,  the  Group  applies  either  a  12-month  expected  credit  losses  or  lifetime expected credit losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.  If  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  of  a  receivables  has  occurred  since  initial  recognition  then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

For  deposit  for  film  production  and  deposit  for  purchase  of  films  rights  relating  to  accounts  that  are  long overdue  with  significant  amounts,  known  insolvencies  or  non-response  to  collection  activities,  they  are assessed  individually  for  impairment  allowance.  The  Group  recognised  the  provision  for  expected  credit losses  by  assessing  the  credit  risk  characteristics  of  debtor,  discount  rate  and  the  likelihood  of  recovery  and considering the prevailing economic conditions.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

The following table provides information about the Group's exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade and bills receivables as at 31 March 2022 and 2021:

| Expected  loss rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  As at 31 March 2022  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  Less than 1 month past due  0.31  1,593  5  1 to 3 months past due  1.43  1,956  28  More than 3 months  41.80  680,718  284,522  684,267  284,555  Expected  loss rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  As at 31 March 2021  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  Less than 1 month past due  0.57  2,454  14  1 to 3 months past due  0.77  3,368  26  More than 3 months  1.05  653,852  6,891  659,674  6,931   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

The following table shows the movement of allowances for ECL of trade and bills receivables as at 31 March 2022 and 2021:

| Lifetime ECL  (non credit-  Impaired)  Lifetime ECL  (credit-impaired)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade and bills receivables  As at 1 April 2020  1,165  824  1,989  - Allowance for ECL, net  4,942  -  4,942  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  6,107  824  6,931  - Transfer to credit-impaired  (5,515)  5,515  -  - Allowance for ECL, net  12,188  265,436  277,624  As at 31 March 2022  12,780  271,775  284,555   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

The  Group  uses  three  categories  for  those  receivables  which  reflect  their  credit  risk  and  how  the  loss allowance  is  determined  for  each  of  those  categories.  A  summary  of  the  assumptions  underpinning  the Group's ECL model is as follows:

| Category  Company definition of category  ## Basis for recognition of loss allowance  Performing  Receivables whose credit risk is in line  with original expectations  12 month expected losses. Where the  expected lifetime of an asset is less  than 12 months, expected losses are  measured at its lifetime ECL (stage 1)  Underperforming  Receivables for which a significant  increase has occurred compared to  original expectations; a significant  increase in credit risk is presumed if  interest and/or principal repayments  are 30 days past due  Lifetime ECL (stage 2)  Non-performing  (credit-impaired)  Interest and/or principal repayments  are 90 days past due or it becomes  probable a customer will enter  bankruptcy  Lifetime ECL (stage 3)  Write-off  Interest and/or principal repayments are  180 days past due and there is no  reasonable expectation of recovery  Amount is written off   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group accounts for its credit risk by appropriately providing for ECL on a timely basis. In calculating the ECL rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each category of customers. No significant changes to estimation techniques or assumptions were made during the reporting period.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

The loss allowance for other receivables and deposits, deposit for film production and deposit for purchase of film rights as at 31 March 2022 and 2021 was determined as follows:

| 2022  2021  Performing  Under-  performing  Non-  performing  (credit-  impaired)  Total  Performing  Under-  performing  Non-  performing  (credit-  impaired)  Total  Other receivables and deposits  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Expected loss rate  3.02%  -  79.18%  3.10%  8.50%  72.73%  Gross carrying amount  238,483  -  88,894  327,377  199,395  53,906  66,256  319,557  Loss allowance  7,210  -  70,388  77,598  6,189  4,581  48,190  58,960  2022  2021  Non-  performing  (credit-impaired)  Total  Non-  performing  (credit-impaired)  Total  Deposit for film production  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Expected loss rate  73.20%  72.73%  Gross carrying amount  115,221  115,221  110,564  110,564  Loss allowance  84,342  84,342  80,413  80,413  2022  2021  Non-  performing  (credit-impaired)  Total  Non-  performing  (credit-impaired)  Total  Deposit for purchase of film rights  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Expected loss rate  73.20%  72.73%  Gross carrying amount  15,413  15,413  14,790  14,790  Loss allowance  11,282  11,282  10,757  10,757   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

The following tables show the movement of allowances for ECL of other receivables and deposits, deposit for film production and deposit for purchase of film rights as at 31 March 2022 and 2021:

| 12m ECL  Lifetime ECL  (non credit-  impaired)  Lifetime ECL  (credit-impaired)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other receivables and deposits  As at 1 April 2020  2,575  3,914  -  6,489  - Transfer to credit-impaired  (253)  -  253  -  - Allowance for ECL, net  3,867  667  47,937  52,471  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  6,189  4,581  48,190  58,960  - Transfer to credit-impaired  (176)  -  176  -  - Allowance for ECL, net  1,197  (4,581)  22,022  18,638  As at 31 March 2022  7,210  -  70,388  77,598   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk (continued)

| Lifetime ECL  (non credit-  impaired)  Lifetime ECL  (credit-impaired)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deposit for film production  As at 1 April 2020  -  2,882  2,882  - Allowance for ECL, net  -  77,531  77,531  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  -  80,413  80,413  - Allowance for ECL, net  -  3,929  3,929  As at 31 March 2022  -  84,342  84,342  Deposit for purchase of film rights  As at 1 April 2020  -  1,788  1,788  - Allowance for ECL, net  -  8,969  8,969  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  -  10,757  10,757  - Allowance for ECL, net  -  525  525  As at 31 March 2022  -  11,282  11,282   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity risk

Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management, including the short term investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash demands, subject to board  approval.  The  Group's  policy  is  to  regularly  monitor  current  and  expected  liquidity  requirements  and its  compliance  with  lending  covenants  to  ensure  that  it  maintains  sufficient  amount  of  cash  and  adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

The Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents considered adequate by the directors of the Company to finance the Group's operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The Group held cash and cash equivalents amounting to approximately HK$16,854,000 at 31 March 2022 (2021: HK$36,196,000).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Liquidity risk (continued)

The following table details the Group's remaining contractual maturity at the end of the reporting period of the Group's financial liabilities based on undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual  rates  or,  if  floating,  based  on  rates  current  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period)  and  the  earliest date on which the Group was required to pay. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2021.

| Weighted  average  effective  Interest rate  Within  1 year  or on  demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flows  Carrying  amount  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Trade and other payables  -  361,323  -  -  361,323  361,323  Borrowings  8.0  652,660  -  -  652,660  652,660  Lease liabilities  5.9  2,864  220  -  3,084  2,995  1,016,847  220  -  1,017,067  1,016,978  2021  Trade and other payables  -  298,848  -  -  298,848  298,848  Borrowings  10.1  643,623  -  -  643,623  627,156  Lease liabilities  9.2  2,510  217  -  2,727  2,605  944,981  217  -  945,198  928,609   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest rate risk

The  Group  does  not  have  material  exposure  to  interest  rate  risk,  as  the  Group  has  no  financial  assets  and liabilities of material amounts with floating interest rates except for deposits held in the banks. Cash at bank earns  interest  at  floating  rates  based  on  the  daily  bank  deposits  rates  during  the  year.  Any  change  in  the interest  rate  promulgated  by  banks  from  time  to  time  is  not  considered  to  have  significant  impact  to  the Group.

The Group monitors the interest rate exposure on a continuous basis and adjusts the portfolio of bank saving balances and borrowings where necessary.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Foreign currency risk

The  Group  mainly  operates  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  PRC  and  is  exposed  to  currency  risk  primarily  through bank balances and cash that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which the transaction relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily Renminbi  ('RMB')  and  United  States  Dollars  ('USD').  Foreign  currency  risk  arises  from  future  commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations.

The  Group  is  exposed  to  foreign  exchange  risk  in  respect  of  exchange  fluctuation  of  HK$  against  RMB  and USD.  The  Group  currently  does  not  have  a  foreign  currency  hedging  policy  in  respect  of  foreign  currency assets  and  liabilities.  The  Group  will  monitor  its  foreign  currency  exposure  closely  and  will  consider  hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

There is no material foreign exchange risk noted for the Group as:

- -as  HK$  are  pegged  to  USD,  it  is  assumed  that  there  would  be  no  material  currency  risk  exposure between these two currencies;
- -the transactions of the Company are mainly denominated in HK$, which is the functional currencies of the Company; and
- -the  operations  and  customers  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  are  mainly  located  in  Hong  Kong  and  the PRC  with  most  of  the  operating  assets  and  transactions  denominated  and  settled  in  their  functional currencies of the Group's subsidiaries.

## Other price risk

The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in equity securities measured at FVTPL and FVTOCI.  For  equity  securities  measured  at  FVTPL  quoted  in  active  market,  the  management  of  the  Group manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks. In addition, the Group also  invested  in  certain  unlisted  equity  securities  for  investees  operating  in  finance  industry  sector  for  long term strategic  purposes  which  had  been  designated  as  FVTOCI.  The  Group  has  appointed  a  special  team  to monitor the price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the need arise.

## Sensitivity analysis

Please refer to fair value measurement as above for more details on sensitivity analysis.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. CRITICAL  ACCOUNTING  JUDGEMENTS  AND  KEY  SOURCES  OF  ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTIES

In the application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in note 4, the directors are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  based  on  historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  on-going  basis.  Revisions  to  accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

## Critical judgements in applying accounting policies

## Power to exercise control over Shanxi Dadi Holdings Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd* ('Shanxi Dadi EIF') （⼭西大地控股股權投資基金管理有限公司）

The Group's investment in Shanxi Dadi EIF is classified as a financial asset at FVTOCI as disclosed in note 28 although the Group has 60% equity interest in Shanxi Dadi EIF. The Group lacks direct or indirect involvement at board level and does not participate in policy-making related processes or activities of Shanxi Dadi EIF. With these facts and circumstances, the directors concluded that the Group does not have control over Shanxi Dadi EIF.

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

## Provision of ECL for financial assets carried at amortised costs

The Group determined the provision of ECL for financial assets carried at amortised costs based on the ECL of these financial assets. The Group applies significant judgement in the determination of the impairment model and the use of parameters. The Group also uses significant judgement in its assessment on whether there is any  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  of  these  receivables.  The  Group  makes  assumptions  on  the  economic indicators  for  forward-looking  information  and  the  application  of  economic  scenarios  and  probability weightings.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. CRITICAL  ACCOUNTING  JUDGEMENTS  AND  KEY  SOURCES  OF  ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTIES (continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

## Estimated impairment of goodwill

Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to  arise  from  the  CGU  (or  a  group  of  CGUs)  and  a  suitable  discount  rate  in  order  to  calculate  the  present value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss may arise.

## Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

Property,  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  are  stated  at  costs  less  accumulated  depreciation  and impairment,  if  any.  In  determining  whether  an  asset  is  impaired,  the  Group  has  to  exercise  judgement  and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including  cash  flow  projections  and  an  appropriate  discount  rate.  When  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the recoverable  amount  of  an  individual  asset,  the  Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGU  to which the assets belongs, including allocation of corporate assets when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, otherwise recoverable amount is determined at the smallest group of CGUs, for which the relevant corporate assets have been allocated. Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the  discount  rates  or  the  growth  rate  in  the  cash  flow  projections,  could  materially  affect  the  recoverable amounts. Details of the impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are disclosed in note 18.

## Fair value measurement of financial instruments

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's financial assets at FVTOCI are measured at fair value with fair value being determined  based  on  significant  unobservable  inputs  using  valuation  techniques.  Judgement  and  estimation are  required  in  establishing  the  relevant  valuation  techniques  and  the  relevant  inputs  thereof.  Changes in  assumptions  relating  to  these  factors  could  result  in  material  adjustments  to  the  fair  value  of  these instruments. See note 6 for further disclosures.

## 8. REVENUE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from contract with customers  Over time  Environmental consultancy services  16,824  4,171  Financial services  230  3,237  17,054  7,408  At a point in time  Environmental consultancy services  17,924  -  Sale of healthcare productions  274  -  Publication, purchase and distribution of books  2,709  608,533  20,907  608,533  Total  37,961  615,941   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All services are for a period of one year or less. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

## 9. OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES, NET

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest income on:  Bank deposits  93  205  Financial assets at FVTOCI  -  86  Total interest income  93  291  Dividend income  3,135  1,385  Government grants (note)  -  1,797  Loss on written off of property, plant and equipment  (76)  -  Others  (95)  114  Total  3,057  3,587   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: For  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  the  Group  recognised  government  grants  of  HK$1,797,000  of  which HK$270,000 relates  to  Employment  Support  Scheme  provided  by  the  Hong  Kong  government  and  HK$1,527,000 relates to enterprise support fund provided by the PRC government.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 10.  SEGMENT INFORMATION

The  Group  manages  its  businesses  by  divisions,  which  are  organised  by  a  mixture  of  both  business  lines (products and services) and geographical locations. In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the chief operating decision maker ('CODM') for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has presented the following five reportable segments. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the following reportable segments.

| - (i) Advertising and media related services:  - Engaged in designing, production, acting as agency and placement of advertisements, information consulting and marketing planning in Hong Kong and the PRC.  - (ii) Financial leasing and other financial services:  Provision of financial leasing and other financial services in the PRC.  - (iii) Publication, purchase and distribution of books:  - Engaged in publication, purchase and distribution of books in the PRC.  - (iv) Environmental consultancy services:  Provision of environmental consultancy services in the PRC.  - (v) Healthcare products:  Engaged in sales of healthcare products in the PRC.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group commenced the business engaging in sales of healthcare products in the PRC, and it is considered as a new operating and reportable segment by the CODM.

## Segment revenues and results

Information  regarding  the  Group's  reportable  segments  as  provided  to  CODM  for  the  purposes  of  resources allocation and assessments of segment performance for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 is set out below:

| Advertising and media  related services  Financial leasing and  other financial services  Publication, purchase and  distribution of books  Environmental  consultancy services  Healthcare products  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  Sales to external customers  -  -  230  3,237  2,709  608,533  34,748  4,171  274  -  37,961  615,941  Segment results  (19,525)  (159,869)  (29,729)  (14,507)  (312,756)  39,728  7,731  599  (1,502)  -  (355,781)  (134,049)  Loss on disposal of subsidiaries  -  (20,161)  Share of profit/(loss) of an associate  139  (156)  Unallocated other gains or losses, net  (257)  399  Unallocated expenses  (18,781)  (29,938)  Loss from operations  (374,680)  (183,905)  Unallocated finance costs  (2,463)  (738)  Loss before taxation  (377,143)  (184,643)  Income tax expense  (1,337)  (11,485)  Loss for the year  (378,480)  (196,128)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 10.  SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Segment revenues and results (continued)

Segment revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external customers. There were no intersegment sales in both years.

The  accounting  policies  of  the  reportable  segments  are  the  same  as  the  Group's  accounting  policies  as described in note 4. Segment results represent the profit/(loss) of each segment without allocation of central administration cost including directors' remuneration, certain other gains or losses, net, certain finance costs and income tax expense. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.

## Segment assets and liabilities

The following is an analysis of the Group's assets and liabilities by reportable segment:

| Advertising and  media related services  Financial leasing and  other financial services  Publication,  purchase and  distribution of books  Environmental  consultancy services  Healthcare products  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment assets  59,582  70,105  166,896  190,505  695,233  925,569  41,218  38,847  7,002  -  969,931  1,225,026  Unallocated assets  115,042  115,892  Total assets  1,084,973  1,340,918  Segment liabilities  32,786  45,049  30,025  28,540  919,471  258,307  7,404  6,701  6,886  -  996,572  338,597  Unallocated liabilities  62,318  631,833  Total liabilities  1,058,890  970,430   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the purpose of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

- -all  assets  are  allocated  to  reportable  segments  other  than  certain  property,  plant  and  equipments, certain  right-of-use  assets,  investment  in  an  associate,  financial  assets  at  FVTOCI,  financial  assets  at FVTPL and corporate financial assets; and
- -all  liabilities  are  allocated  to  reportable  segments  other  than  certain  lease  liabilities,  current  tax liabilities, corporate financial liabilities and borrowings.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 10.  SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Other segment information

| Advertising and media  related services  Financial leasing and  other financial services  Publication, purchase and  distribution of books  Environmental  consultancy services  Healthcare products  Unallocated  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest expenses  -  -  -  -  (50,064)  (59,417)  -  -  -  -  (2,463)  (738)  (52,527)  (60,155)  Addition to non-current assets*  -  -  -  296  -  265  269  6,501  19  -  4,969  57  5,257  7,119  Allowances for ECL, net  (18,004)  (132,723)  (21,000)  (2,680)  (262,015)  (7,480)  (68)  (155)  (4)  -  375  (875)  (300,716)  (143,913)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  -  (504)  -  (81)  (122)  (869)  (149)  (11)  (25)  -  (24)  (67)  (320)  (1,532)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  -  -  -  -  -  (946)  -  -  -  -  (3,522)  (4,380)  (3,522)  (5,326)  Amortisation of intangible asset  -  (1,085)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,085)  Impairment of goodwill  -  (7,721)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (7,721)  Impairment of intangible asset  -  (8,682)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (8,682)  Impairment of property, plant and equipment  -  (800)  (20)  (302)  (224)  -  -  -  (16)  -  -  (80)  (260)  (1,182)  Impairment of right-of-use assets  -  -  -  -  (168)  -  -  -  -  -  (229)  (805)  (397)  (805)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Non-current assets excluded financial instruments.

## Geographical information

The  following  table  sets  out  information  about  the  geographical  location  of  (i)  the  Group's  revenue  from external customers and (ii) the Group's non-current assets* ('specified non-current assets'). The geographical location of customers is based on the location of the revenue derived, and the specified non-current assets is based on the physical location of the asset, in the case of property, plant and equipment, and the location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case of intangible assets and goodwill.

The Group operates in three principal geographical areas - Hong Kong, Japan and the PRC (excluding Hong Kong).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 10.  SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

## Geographical information (continued)

The  Group's  revenue  from  external  customers  and  information  about  its  non-current  assets  by  geographical location are detailed below:

| Revenue from external customers  Non-current assets*  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  -  -  2,479  279  Japan  -  -  15  33  The PRC  37,961  615,941  6,928  8,685  37,961  615,941  9,422  8,997   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Non-current assets excluded financial instruments.

## Information about major customers

Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Customer A 1  -  608,533   |
|----------------------------------------------------------|

1 Revenue from publication, purchase and distribution of books

Except disclosed above, no other customers contributed 10% or more to the Group's revenue for both years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 11.  LOSS FROM OPERATIONS

The Group's loss from operations has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Auditors' remuneration  Audit service  1,096  1,140  Non-audit service  -  240  1,096  1,380  Amortisation of intangible asset (note 21)  -  1,085  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 18)  320  1,532  Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 19)  3,522  5,326  Total amortisation and depreciation  3,842  7,943  Foreign exchange (gain)/loss, net  (118)  117  Expenses relating to short-term leases  -  256  Allowance for ECL, net  - Trade receivables  277,624  4,942  - Other receivables and deposits  18,638  52,471  296,262  57,413  - Deposit for film production  3,929  77,531  - Deposit for purchase of film rights  525  8,969  300,716  143,913  Staff costs (including directors' remuneration)  Salaries and allowances  19,648  22,014  Contribution to retirement benefits scheme  1,083  1,176  20,731  23,190   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 12. FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on borrowings  52,181  59,632  Interest on lease liabilities  346  523  Total  52,527  60,155   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current tax:  PRC Enterprise Income Tax  1,337  11,502  Over-provision in respect of prior years:  PRC Enterprise Income Tax  -  (17)  Total tax charge  1,337  11,485   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime of Hong Kong Profits Tax, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits  of  group  entities  not  qualifying  for  the  two-tiered  profits  tax  rates  regime  will  continue  to  be  taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%. Accordingly, the Hong Kong Profits Tax of the qualifying group entity is calculated at 8.25% on the first HK$2 million of the estimated assessable profits and at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits above HK$2 million.

Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the 'EIT Law') and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 13. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)

Taxation  arising  in  other  jurisdictions  is  calculated  at  the  rates  prevailing  in  the  respective  jurisdictions.  No provision for profits tax is made in other jurisdictions as the subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions have no assessable profits for the both years.

Income tax for the year can be reconciled to the loss before taxation per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss before taxation  (377,143)  (184,643)  Notional tax on loss before taxation, calculated at the rates  applicable to profits in the tax jurisdictions concerned  (89,915)  (40,481)  Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose  (1,430)  (406)  Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose  91,593  47,258  Tax effect of share of profit/(loss) of an associate  35  (39)  Over-provision in respect of prior years  -  (17)  Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised  (16)  (196)  Tax effect of tax losses not recognised  1,070  5,366  Income tax expense for the year  1,337  11,485   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 13. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)

At  31  March  2022,  the  Group  has  unused  tax  losses  of  approximately  HK$200,701,000  (2021: HK$202,340,000)  available  for  offset  against  future  profits.  No  deferred  tax  asset  has  been  recognised  in respect  of  unused  tax  loss  due  to  the  unpredictability  of  future  profit  streams.  Included  in  unrecognised  tax losses  are  losses  of  approximately  HK$68,526,000  (2021:  HK$70,165,000)  with  expiry  dates  as  disclosed  in the following table. Other losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  2021  -  5,919  2022  25,658  25,658  2023  8,972  8,972  2024  11,251  11,251  2025  18,365  18,365  2026  4,280  -  68,526  70,165   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 14.  DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

Details of the remuneration paid to the directors of the Company are as follows:

| Directors'  fees  Salaries  and other  allowances  Retirement  scheme  contribution  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the year ended 31 March 2022  Executive directors:  Mr. Qu Zhongrang  600  -  -  600  Mr. Fu Yuanhong  600  -  -  600  Mr. Wu Xiaoming  600  1,977  209  2,786  Non-executive directors:  Mr. Zhang Xiongfeng  360  -  -  360  Mr. Ju Meng Jun  360  -  -  360  Independent non-executive directors:  Dr. Jin Lizuo  360  -  -  360  Mr. Law Yui Lun  360  -  -  360  Dr. Zhang Wei  360  -  -  360  Total  3,600  1,977  209  5,786   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 14. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION (continued)

| Directors'  fees  Salaries  and other  allowances  Retirement  scheme  contribution  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the year ended 31 March 2021  Executive directors:  Mr. Qu Zhongrang  600  -  -  600  Mr. Fu Yuanhong  600  -  -  600  Mr. Wu Xiaoming  600  1,898  110  2,608  Non-executive directors:  Mr. Zhang Xiongfeng  360  -  -  360  Mr. Zhang Honghai (note (a))  96  -  -  96  Mr. Ju Meng Jun (note (b))  100  -  -  100  Independent non-executive directors:  Dr. Jin Lizuo  360  -  -  360  Mr. Law Yui Lun  360  -  -  360  Dr. Zhang Wei  360  -  -  360  Total  3,436  1,898  110  5,444   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) Mr. Zhang Honghai was resigned as non-executive director on 7 July 2020.

(b) Mr. Ju Meng Jun was appointed as non-executive director on 22 December 2020.

Mr.  Fu  Yuanhong  is  the  chairman  of  the  Company  and  his  emoluments  disclosed  above  include  those  for service rendered by him.

Mr.  Wu  Xiaoming  is  the  executive  vice  chairman  and  chief  executive  officer  of  the  Company  and  his emoluments disclosed above include those for service rendered by him.

During  the  years  ended  31  March  2022  and  2021,  no  emoluments  or  incentive  payments  were  paid  by the  Group  to  the  directors  of  the  Company  as  an  inducement  to  join  or  upon  joining  the  Group  or  as compensation  for  loss  of  office.  None  of  the  directors  has  waived  or  agreed  to  waive  any  emoluments  for both years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 14. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION (continued)

No  significant  transactions,  arrangements  and  contracts  in  relation  to  the  Group's  business  to  which  the Company  was  party  and  in  which  a  director  of  the  Company  had  material  interest,  whether  directly  or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time for both years.

## 15.  INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

## Five highest paid individual

The  five  highest  paid  individuals  during  the  year  included  one  (2021:  one)  director.  Details  of  their remuneration  are  set  out  in  note  14  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  The  emoluments  of  the remaining  four  (2021:  four)  individuals  with  highest  emoluments  for  the  years  ended  31  March  2022  and 2021 were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries and allowances  5,810  8,212  Retirement benefits scheme contribution  318  286  Total  6,128  8,498   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The number of non-director, highest paid individuals whose remuneration fell within the following bands, is as follows:

| Number of employees  2022  2021  HK$Nil to HK$1,000,000  3  -  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  1  2  HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000  -  -  HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000  -  1  HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000  -  1  4  4   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  and  2021,  no  emoluments  were  paid  by  the  Group  to  any  of  the directors  or  the  five  highest  paid  individuals  as  an  inducement  to  join  or  upon  joining  the  Group  or  as compensation for loss of office.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 16. DIVIDEND

No final  dividend  was  paid  or  proposed  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  nor  any  dividend  has  been proposed by the board of directors subsequent to the end of the reporting period (2021: nil).

## 17. LOSS PER SHARE

The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss  Loss attributable to owners of the Company  for the purposes of basic and diluted loss per share  (217,838)  (152,500)  2022  2021  Number of shares  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose  of basic and diluted loss per share  3,640,627,457  3,575,520,623   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No diluted loss per share were presented as there were no potential ordinary shares in issue in both years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 18. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  improvements  Furniture  and fixtures  Showroom  equipment  Office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  As at 1 April 2020  3,696  469  2,400  1,296  4,818  12,679  Acquired on a acquisition of a subsidiary  (note 33)  -  -  -  127  -  127  Additions  265  252  -  101  -  618  Exchange alignment  278  24  -  80  129  511  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  4,239  745  2,400  1,604  4,947  13,935  Additions  -  -  -  288  -  288  Disposal of a subsidiary  -  (274)  -  (140)  -  (414)  Written off  (65)  (43)  -  (116)  (2,350)  (2,574)  Exchange alignment  12  12  -  53  17  94  As at 31 March 2022  4,186  440  2,400  1,689  2,614  11,329  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  As at 1 April 2020  2,881  327  1,640  882  4,221  9,951  Depreciation for the year  766  45  480  159  82  1,532  Impairment loss for the year  141  106  280  133  522  1,182  Exchange alignment  239  7  -  58  77  381  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  4,027  485  2,400  1,232  4,902  13,046  Depreciation for the year  66  13  -  210  31  320  Impairment loss for the year  149  12  -  79  20  260  Eliminated on disposal of a subsidiary  -  (34)  -  (34)  -  (68)  Eliminated on written off  (65)  (41)  -  (42)  (2,350)  (2,498)  Exchange alignment  9  -  -  (23)  11  (3)  As at 31 March 2022  4,186  435  2,400  1,422  2,614  11,057  Net carrying amounts  As at 31 March 2022  -  5  -  267  -  272  As at 31 March 2021  212  260  -  372  45  889   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 18. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

## For the year ended 31 March 2022

As at 31 March 2022, due to the bleak market prospect of the financial leasing and other financial services segment, publication, purchase and distribution of books segment and healthcare products segment resulting from  continuing  effect  of  Covid-19  pandemic,  the  management  of  the  Group  concluded  that  there  was indication  for  impairment  in  relation  to  these  segments  and  conducted  impairment  assessment  on  property, plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  with  carrying  amount  of  approximately  HK$260,000  and HK$397,000 respectively.

The  Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGUs  of  financial  leasing  and  other  financial  services segment, publication, purchase and distribution of books segment and healthcare products segment to which the assets belongs when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, including allocation of corporate assets on a reasonable and consistent basis.

The recoverable amounts of CGUs have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation. That calculation uses  cash  flow  projections  based  on  financial  budgets  approved  by  the  management  of  the  Group  of  the respective  subsidiaries  under  these  segments,  covering  the  following  5  years  with  pre-tax  rate  ranged  from 14% to 16%. Another key assumption for the value in use calculated is the budgeted gross margin, which is determined based on the CGUs' past performance and management expectation for the market prospect.

Based on the result  of  the  assessment,  management  of  the  Group  determined  that  the  recoverable  amount of the CGUs is lower than the carrying amount. The impairment amount has been allocated to each category of  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets.  Based  on  the  value  in  use  calculation  and  the allocation,  an  impairment  of  approximately  HK$260,000  and  HK$397,000  has  been  recognised  against  the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets respectively.

## For the year ended 31 March 2021

As at 31 March 2021, due to the bleak market prospect of the advertising and media related services segment and  financial  leasing  and  other  financial  services  segment,  the  management  of  the  Group  had  temporarily suspended  the  relevant  business.  The  management  of  the  Group  concluded  that  there  was  indication  for impairment  in  relation  to  these  segments  and  conducted  impairment  assessment  on  property,  plant  and equipment,  right-of-use  assets  and  intangible  assets  with  carrying  amount  of  approximately  HK$1,182,000, HK$805,000 and HK$8,682,000.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 18. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

The Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGUs of advertising and media related services segment and financial leasing and other financial services segment to which the assets belongs when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, including allocation of corporate assets on a reasonable and consistent basis.

The recoverable amounts of CGUs have been determined based on a value-in-use calculation. That calculation uses  cash  flow  projections  based  on  financial  budgets  approved  by  the  management  of  the  Group  of  the respective subsidiaries under these segments, covering the following 5 years with pre-tax discount rate ranged from  14%  to  16%.  Another  key  assumption  for  the  value  in  use  calculated  is  the  budgeted  gross  margin, which  is  determined  based  on  the  CGUs'  past  performance  and  management  expectation  for  the  market prospect.

Based on the result of the assessment, management of the Group determined that the recoverable amount of the CGUs is lower than the carrying amount. The impairment amount has been allocated to each category of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. Based on the value in use calculation and the allocation, an impairment of approximately HK$1,182,000, HK$805,000 and HK$8,682,000 has been recognised against the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets respectively.

## 19. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

The lease terms of the Group's offices range from 2 to 3 years for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: 2 to 3 years). Their useful lives are as follows:

Leased buildings

2 - 3 years

The Group does not have the option to purchase the right-of-use assets at the end of the lease terms.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 19. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)

| Leased  buildings  HK$'000  As at 1 April 2020  7,290  Depreciation for the year  (5,326)  Impairment loss for the year  (805)  Exchange alignment  220  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  1,379  Addition (Note)  4,969  Depreciation for the year  (3,522)  Impairment loss for the year  (397)  Exchange alignment  33  ## As at 31 March 2022  2,462   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group entered into a new lease agreement for an office in Hong Kong. The new lease agreement is entered into for a fixed term of 2 years.

| For the year ended  31 March  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total cash outflow of leases  4,995  6,145   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

Details of impairment assessment of right-of-use assets are disclosed in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 20.  GOODWILL

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  As at 1 April  53,665  47,248  Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 33)  -  6,501  Exchange alignment  271  (84)  As at 31 March  53,936  53,665  Accumulated impairment losses  As at 1 April  47,248  39,527  Impairment loss for the year  -  7,721  As at 31 March  47,248  47,248  Net carrying amount  As at 31 March  6,688  6,417  Impairment test of goodwill  For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  has  been  allocated  to  the  following  CGUs  identified according to operating segment.  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Advertising and media related services  - Keen Renown Limited and its subsidiaries  (the 'Keen Renown Group')  -  -  Environmental consultancy services  - Shanxi Jinxin Keyuan Environmental Protection Science and  Technology Co., Ltd* ('Jinxin Keyuan')  （⼭西晉新科源環保  科技有限公司）  6,688  6,417   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 20.  GOODWILL (continued)

## Impairment test of goodwill (continued)

## Advertising and media related services - Keen Renown Group

The  recoverable  amount  of  the  goodwill  allocated  to  advertising  and  media  related  services  are  determined based on the value-in-use calculation using the present value of cash flows taking into account the expected operating synergy and profitability and growth of businesses arising from Keen Renoun Group.

The cash flow projections are based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period and assumed growth rates are used to extrapolate the cash flows in the following years. The financial budgets are  prepared  based  on  a  5-years  business  plan  which  is  appropriate  after  considering  the  sustainability  of business  growth,  stability  of  core  business  developments,  long  term  economic  cycle  and  achievement  of business targets. All cash flows are discounted at pre-tax discount rates of 16% under baseline and stressed scenarios  respectively.  Management's  financial  model  assumes  an  average  growth  rate  of  3%  per  annum beyond the 5-years period taking into account long term gross domestic product growth and other relevant economic factors. The discount rate used is based on the rates which reflect specific risks relating to the CGU.

For  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  impairment  loss  of  HK$7,721,000  has  been  recognised  in  respect  of goodwill related to CGU of Keen Renown Group for the year ended 31 March 2021.

## Environmental consultancy services Jinxin Keyuan

At  31  March  2022,  the  recoverable  amount  of  goodwill  allocated  to  CGU  of  environmental  consultancy services has been determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation uses cash flow projections based  on  financial  budgets  approved  by  management  covering  a  5-year  period,  and  pre-tax  discount  rate of  13%  (2021:  16%).  Cash  flows  of  this  CGU  beyond  the  5-year  period  are  extrapolated  using  a  steady 3%  (2021:  3%)  growth  rate.  This  growth  rate  is  based  on  domestic  average  consumer  price  index.  Other key  assumptions  for  the  value  in  use  calculations  relate  to  the  estimation  of  cash  inflows/outflows  which include  budgeted  sales  and  gross  margin,  such  estimation  is  based  on  past  performance  and  management's expectations for the market development.

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  and  2021,  management  of  the  Group  determines  that  there  is  no impairment  on  CGU  of  environmental  consultancy  services.  Management  believes  that  any  reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the carrying amount of this CGU to exceed its recoverable amount.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 21. INTANGIBLE ASSET

| Software  HK$'000  Cost  As at 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021, 1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022  10,852  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  As at 1 April 2020  1,085  Amortisation for the year  1,085  Impairment loss for the year  8,682  As at 31 March 2021, 1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022  10,852  Net carrying amount  As at 31 March 2022  -  As at 31 March 2021  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following estimated useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation:

Software

10 years

Details of impairment assessment are disclosed in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

2022

HK$'000

-

-

-

-

2021

HK$'000

457

(143)

(2)

312

## 22. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE

Cost of investment in an associate

Share of post-acquisition loss and other comprehensive expenses

Exchange alignment

Details of the Group's associate at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Name of entity  Country of  incorporation/  registration  Principal  place of  business  Proportion of  ownership interest  held by the Group  Proportion of  voting rights held  by the Group  Principal  activity  2022  2021  2022  2021  ⼭西大地陽光科技  服務有限公司  The PRC  The PRC  N/A  40%  N/A  40%  Operation of  online sourcing  and trading  platform  ## ⼭西大地陽光科技服務有限公司  2021  HK$'000  Current assets  837  Non-current assets  166  Current liabilities  (223)  Non-current liabilities  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 22. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (continued)

| From  1 April 2021  to 31 May 2021  From  21 October 2020  (date of  incorporation)  to 31 March 2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  558  260  Profit/(loss) for the period/year  347  (390)  Other comprehensive income for the period/year  30  32  Loss and total comprehensive income/(expense) for the period/year  377  (358)  Reconciliation  of  the  above  summarised  financial  information  to  the  carrying  amount  of  the  interest  in  an associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements:  2021  HK$'000  Net assets of  ⼭西大地陽光科技服務有限公司  780  Proportion of the Group's ownership interest in  ⼭西大地陽光  科技服務有限公司  40%  Carrying amount of the Group's interest in  ⼭西大地陽光科技  服務有限公司  312  On 31 May 2021, the Group ceased to have significant influence over ⼭西大地陽光科技服務有限公司 upon the deemed disposal of Shanxi Dadi EIF. Details are disclosed in note 34.  ## 23. INVENTORIES  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Healthcare products  1,745  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All inventories were stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 24. TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade and bills receivables (Note a)  684,267  659,674  Allowance for ECL  (284,555)  (6,931)  399,712  652,743  Other receivables and deposits  Deposits (Note b)  1,452  19,915  Other receivables (Note c)  306,081  279,548  Loan receivables (Note d)  19,844  20,094  327,377  319,557  Allowance for ECL  (77,598)  (58,960)  249,779  260,597  Prepayments (Note e)  325,712  308,410  Total  975,203  1,221,750   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) An  aged  analysis  of  the  Group's  trade  and  bills  receivables,  based  on  the  invoice  date,  which  approximates  the respective revenue recognition dates and net of allowance for ECL, at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 to 30 days  1,588  2,420  31 to 60 days  1,083  1,660  61 to 90 days  845  1,678  Over 90 days  396,196  646,985  399,712  652,743   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group generally allows credit period from 30 to 90 days to its customers.

Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 6.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 24.

## TRADE,  BILLS  AND  OTHER  RECEIVABLES,  DEPOSITS  AND  PREPAYMENTS (continued)

Notes: (continued)

- (b) As at 31 March 2022, deposits mainly consist of rental deposits for lease of offices.

As at 31 March 2021, included in deposits was an amount of approximately HK$19,403,000 of entering into a panentertainment project with a vendor, an independent third party during the year ended 31 March 2018. However, the possible pan-entertainment project has been lapsed during the year ended 31 March 2019.

- (c) The other receivables mainly consist of the followings:
- (i) As  at  31  March  2022,  other  receivables  of  approximately  HK$18,505,000  (2021:  HK$18,069,000)  was deposits for the possible pan-entertainment projects and an earnest money which expected to be recovered.
- (ii) As  at  31  March  2022,  other  receivables  of  approximately  HK$67,980,000  (2021:  HK$65,193,000)  was deposits  for  the  possible  environmental  consultancy  projects  and  earnest  money  which  expected  to  be recovered.
- (d) The  loan  receivables  were  secured,  interest  bearing  at  7%  to  9%  (2021:  7%  to  9%)  per  annum  and  repayable within  90  days  to  1  year  (2021:  90  days  to  1  year).  As  at  31  March  2022,  accumulated  allowance  for  ECL  of approximately HK$19,844,000 was recognised (2021: HK$176,000).
- (e) As  at  31  March  2022,  included  in  prepayments  was  an  amount  of  approximately  HK$308,257,000  (2021: HK$295,795,000) for prepayment of publishing services in relation to distribution of books.

## 25. DEPOSIT  FOR  FILM  PRODUCTION  AND  DEPOSIT  FOR  PURCHASE  OF  FILM RIGHTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deposit for film production  115,221  110,564  Allowance for ECL  (84,342)  (80,413)  30,879  30,151  Deposit for purchase of film rights  15,413  14,790  Allowance for ECL  (11,282)  (10,757)  4,131  4,033   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 26. FILM RIGHTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  As at 1 April  14,790  18,657  Exchange alignment  623  (3,867)  As at 31 March  15,413  14,790  Accumulated impairment  As at 1 April  14,790  18,657  Exchange alignment  623  (3,867)  As at 31 March  15,413  14,790  Net carrying amount  As at 31 March  -  -  ## 27. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Held for trading  Listed equity securities - the PRC  2  2  ## 28. FINANCIAL  ASSETS  AT  FAIR  VALUE  THROUGH  OTHER  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trust guarantee fund  -  5,832  Unlisted equity securities - the PRC (Note)  46,737  33,957  46,737  39,789   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 28. FINANCIAL  ASSETS  AT  FAIR  VALUE  THROUGH  OTHER  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)

The financial assets are analysed as:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current  46,737  39,789   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|

The unlisted equity securities represent the Group's equity interests in companies established in the PRC. The directors of the Company have elected to designate this investment in unlisted equity securities as at FVTOCI as the Group's strategy of holding these investments is for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.

Included in unlisted equity securities above is the Group's investment in Shanxi Dadi EIF, a company established in  the  PRC,  with  a  carrying  amount of HK$11,960,000. The investment represents a 60% equity interests in Shanxi Dadi EIF. Shanxi Dadi EIF is not regarded as a subsidiary of the Group because the Group lacks direct or indirect involvement at board level and does not participate in policy-making related processes or activities of Shanxi Dadi EIF.

## 29.  BANK BALANCES AND CASH

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash on hand and at bank:  Hong Kong Dollar  544  2,786  Renminbi  16,241  29,640  Japanese Yen  32  3,284  US Dollar  37  486  Total  16,854  36,196   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates which range from 0% to 0.1% for  both  years.  Short-term  time  deposits  are  denominated  in  HK$,  RMB  and  USD  which  made  for  varying periods between one day and three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group and earn interest at the respective short-term time deposit rates.

RMB of approximately HK$16,241,000 (2021: HK$29,640,000) is not freely convertible into other currencies, however,  under  Mainland  China's  Foreign  Exchange  Control  Regulations  and  Administration  of  Settlement, Sale  and  Payment  of  Foreign  Exchange  Regulations,  the  Group  is  permitted  to  exchange  RMB  for  other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 30.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables (Note a)  181,218  171,289  Accruals and other payables (Note b)  142,392  90,696  Dividend payables to non-controlling interests  36,251  34,785  Security deposits received  1,462  2,078  361,323  298,848   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

- (a) An  aged  analysis  of  the  Group's  trade  payables  presented  based  on  the  invoice  date  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 to 30 days  326  157,959  31 to 60 days  9  -  61 to 90 days  15  -  Over 90 days  180,868  13,330  181,218  171,289   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average credit period on trade payables is 60 days.

- (b) Accruals  and  other  payables  mainly  consist  of  interest  payables  of  approximately  HK$49,855,000  (2021: HK$4,690,000).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 31.  BORROWINGS

The exposure of the Group's borrowings and the contractual maturity dates are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Entrusted loans (Note a)  616,515  -  Borrowings - unsecured (Note b)  36,145  35,566  Borrowings - secured (Note c)  -  591,590  652,660  627,156  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable:  Within one year  652,660  627,156  The range of interest rates per annum on the Group's borrowings were as follows:  2022  2021  Fixed rate  8.00%  8.00%-10.22%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group defaulted in payments of interest which constitutes as an event of  default  and  the  entire  loan  became  repayable  on  demand  pursuant  to  the  loan  agreement.  Accordingly,  the entrusted loan had been classified as current liabilities at 31 March 2022. The Group has been negotiating with the financial institution for a settlement plan and the financial institutions have agreed to waive defaulted interests.
- (b) The borrowing was granted by Shanxi Jin Tong Investment Management Company Limited* ( ⼭西金通投資管理有 限公司 , 'Shanxi Jin Tong'), a related company of the Company, and was guaranteed by Shanxi Environment Group Company Limited* ( ⼭西省環境集團有限公司 , 'Shanxi Environment'), a substantial shareholder of the Company.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group defaulted in payments of interest and principal at maturity date. The Group has been negotiating with Shanxi Jin Tong to secure the renewal of the borrowings and Shanxi Jin Tong has agreed to waive defaulted interests.

- (c) As  at  31  March  2021,  borrowings  of  approximately  HK$591,590,000  were  secured  by  trust  guarantee  fund  of approximately HK$5,832,000 which was classified as financial asset at FVTOCI.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 32. LEASE LIABILITIES

The Group had lease liabilities repayable as follows:

| 2022  2021  Present value of  the minimum  lease payments  Total minimum  lease payments  Present value of  the minimum  lease payments  Total minimum  lease payments  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within 1 year  2,776  2,864  2,390  2,510  After 1 year but within 2 years  219  220  215  217  Present value of lease obligations  2,995  3,084  2,605  2,727  Less: total future interest expenses  (89)  (122)  Present value of lease liabilities  2,995  2,605  Less: non-current portion  (219)  (215)  Current portion  2,776  2,390   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  weighted  average  incremental  borrowing  rates  applied  to  lease  liabilities  range  from  5.3%  to  10.6% (2021: 5.3% to 10.6%).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 33. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY

## Consideration transferred

On  28  December  2020,  Zhongtou  Jinfu  Technology  Development  (Beijing)  Co.,  Ltd. （眾投金服科技發展 （北京） 有限公司） ('Zhongtou  Jinfu',  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company),  Han  Jin （韓晉） ,  Wang Huaiyu （王懷宇） ,  Zhao  Yongde （趙永德） and  Zhou  Jin （周進） (collectively  the  'Vendors')  entered  into  an acquisition agreement (the 'Acquisition Agreement'), pursuant to which, Zhongtou Jinfu conditionally agreed to  acquire  and  the  Vendors  conditionally  agreed  to  sell  60%  of  the  equity  interest  in  Jinxin  Keyuan  at  an initial consideration of approximately RMB27,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$32,364,000), of which approximately  RMB15,000,000  (equivalent  to  approximately  HK$17,980,000)  was  settled  in  cash  and  the remaining by way of allotment and issue of 75,681,511 new ordinary shares of the Company.

| HK$'000  Cash  17,980  Consideration shares issued  6,282  Total  24,262   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Acquisition-related costs amounting to HK$556,000 have been excluded from the consideration transferred and have been recognised as an expenses in the current year, within the 'administrative expenses' line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

Pursuant  to  the  Acquisition  Agreement,  the  Vendors  jointly  and  severally  guarantee  and  undertake  to  the Company and Zhongtou Jinfu that (i)  the  revenue  from  Jinxin  Keyuan's  principal  business  will  grow  year  by year;  and  (ii)  the  audited  net  profit  after  deducting  all  extraordinary  items  of  Jinxin  Keyuan  will  be  not  less than the amounts set out below for the relevant years:

| ## Relevant year  Guaranteed Profit  the year ending 31 December 2021  RMB5,500,000  the year ending 31 December 2022  RMB6,050,000  the year ending 31 December 2023  RMB6,655,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

If  Jinxin  Keyuan  does  not  meet  the  above  performance  targets,  the  consideration  for  the  said  acquisition shall  be  adjusted  in  the  manner  set  out  in  the  Acquisition  Agreement,  pursuant  to  which  the  Company may  repurchase  part  or  all  the  consideration  shares  issued  to  the  Vendors.  Please  refer  to  the  Company's announcements dated 28 December 2020 for further details.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 33. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY (continued)

The  fair  value  of  the  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  of  Jinxin  Keyuan  as  at  the  date  of  acquisition  are  as follows:

| Fair value  HK$'000  Property, plant and equipment  127  Trade and other receivables and deposits  12,747  Bank balances and cash  18,640  Trade and other payables  (1,913)  Total identifiable net assets at fair value  29,601  Non-controlling interests  (11,840)  17,761  Goodwill on acquisition  6,501  Total consideration  24,262   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill  arose  on  the  acquisition  of  Jinxin  Keyuan  because  the  acquisition  included  a  control  premium.  In addition,  the  consideration  paid  for  the  acquisition  included  amounts  in  relation  to  the  benefit  of  revenue growth,  future  market  development  with  potential  contracts.  These  benefits  are  not  recognised  separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

None of the goodwill arising on the acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 33. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY (continued)

## Net cash inflow on acquisition of Jinxin Keyuan:

| HK$'000  Cash consideration paid  17,980  Less: bank balances and cash acquired  (18,640)  (660)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

Included in the profit for the year, there is approximately HK$754,000 attributable to the additional business generated by Jinxin Keyuan and revenue for the year includes HK$4,171,000 generated from Jinxin Keyuan.

Had  the  acquisition  been  completed  on  1  April  2020,  the  Group's  revenue  for  the  year  would  have  been approximately HK$644,553,000, and loss for the year would have been approximately HK$188,737,000.

## 34. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

## For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Deemed disposal of Shanxi Dadi EIF

Pursuant  to  a  board  resolution  on  31  May  2021,  Shanxi  Dadi  EIF  re-appointed  new  directors  who  are delegated  by  Shanxi  Environment,  the  minority  shareholder  of  Shanxi  Dadi  EIF.  Upon  the  change  of  board composition  on  31  May  2021,  the  Group  lost  direct  or  indirect  involvement  at  board  level  and  will  not participate  in  policy-making  related  processes  or  activities  of  Shanxi  Dadi  EIF.  Accordingly,  the  Group  lost  its control over Shanxi Dadi EIF.

The Group holds 60% equity interest in Shanxi Dadi EIF and lost its control Shanxi Dadi EIF. As a result, Shanxi Dadi  EIF  ceased  to  be  a  subsidiary  of  the  Group  and  is  accounted  for  as  financial  assets  at  FVTOCI  in  the Group's consolidated financial statement as the Group's strategy of holding these investments is for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

## For the year ended 31 March 2022 (continued)

## Deemed disposal of Shanxi Dadi EIF (continued)

Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

| HK$'000  Property, plant and equipment  346  Investment in associate  462  Other receivables and deposits  2,488  Bank balance and cash  3,247  Accruals and other payables  (263)  Net assets disposed of  6,280  ## Gain on deemed disposal of a subsidiary:  Deemed consideration received - fair value of retained interest  3,803  Net assets disposed of  (6,280)  Non-controlling interest  2,512  Reclassification of cumulative exchange reserves upon disposal of a subsidiary  260  Gain on deemed disposal recognised in capital contribution reserve  295   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Gain on deemed disposal has been directly recognised in the reserve as it is deemed as the capital contribution from the Group's substantial shareholder, Shanxi Environment.

## Net cash outflow arising from the deemed disposal of a subsidiary:

| Cash consideration received  -  Bank balances and cash disposed of  (3,247)  Net cash outflow  (3,247)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2021

Disposal  of  Activemix  Investments  Limited  and  its  subsidiaries,  Dynamic  Success  and  its  subsidiaries,  Classic Grace and its subsidiaries and Concord Aces and its subsidiaries

On 30 March 2021, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement to dispose of the entire  equity interest  in  certain  of  subsidiaries,  at  a  consideration  of  approximately  HK$4.  The  disposal  was  completed  on 30 March 2021.

Details of the aggregate net assets of certain of subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements of the Group as at the completion date of the disposal are set out below:

HK$'000

-*

## Consideration transferred:

Cash consideration

* The amount is less than HK$1,000.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 34. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2021 (continued)

Disposal  of  Activemix  Investments  Limited  and  its  subsidiaries,  Dynamic  Success  and  its  subsidiaries,  Classic Grace and its subsidiaries and Concord Aces and its subsidiaries (continued)

Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

| HK$'000  Other receivables and deposits  33,503  Bank balance and cash  27  Trade payables  (19)  Accruals and other payables  (11,970)  Tax payable  (1,173)  Net assets disposed of  20,368  Loss on disposal of subsidiaries:  Consideration  -*  Release of reserves upon disposal of subsidiaries  207  Net assets disposed of  (20,368)  Loss on disposal of subsidiaries  (20,161)  Net cash outflow arising from the disposal of subsidiaries:  Cash consideration  -*  Bank balances and cash disposed of  (27)  Net cash outflow  (27)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The amount is less than HK$1,000.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 35. SHARE CAPITAL

| 2022  2021  Number of share  Amount  Number of share  Amount  HK$'000  HK$'000  Authorised:  Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each  20,000,000,000  200,000  20,000,000,000  200,000  Issued and fully paid:  As at 1 April, ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each  3,640,627,457  36,406  3,564,945,946  35,649  Issue of shares (note)  -  -  75,681,511  757  As at 31 March, ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each  3,640,627,457  36,406  3,640,627,457  36,406   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: On  9  February  2021,  the  Company  entered  into  an  acquisition  agreement  with  vendors  to  acquire  60%  equity interest  in  Jinxin  Keyuan  and  agreed  to  allot  and  issue,  an  aggregate  of  75,681,511  consideration  shares  at  the closing price of HK$0.083 per consideration share.

## 36.  MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTION

## During the year ended 31 March 2022

The  Group  entered  into  a  new  lease  agreement  for  the  office.  The  new  lease  agreement  is  entered  into for  a  fixed  term  of  2  years.  On  the  lease  commencement,  the  Group  recognised  a  right-of-use  asset  of HK$4,969,000 and a lease liability of HK$4,969,000.

## During the year ended 31 March 2021

The Company allotted and issued an aggregate of 75,681,511 shares at HK$0.083 per shares as part of the consideration for acquisition of 60% equity interest in Jinxin Keyuan.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 37. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and  non-cash  changes.  Liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities  are  those  for  which  cash  flows  were,  or future cash flows will be, classified in the consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

| Lease  liabilities  Borrowings  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 April 2020  8,026  547,226  555,252  Cash flows:  Proceeds from borrowings  -  36,145  36,145  Repayment of borrowings  -  -  -  Repayment of lease liabilities  (6,145)  -  (6,145)  Non-cash items:  Interest accrued  523  -  523  Exchange alignment  201  43,785  43,986  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  2,605  627,156  629,761  Cash flows:  Proceeds from borrowings  -  608,386  608,386  Repayment of borrowings  -  (604,404)  (604,404)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (4,995)  -  (4,995)  Non-cash items:  Interest accrued  346  -  346  Addition of lease liabilities  4,969  -  4,969  Exchange alignments  70  21,522  21,592  As at 31 March 2022  2,995  652,660  655,655   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 38. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Save  as  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Group  had  the  following  material transactions with related parties during the year:

## (a) Transactions with related parties

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financing services provided to the Group by:  Shanxi Environment Protection Fund Company Limited*  (  ⼭西省環境保護基金有限公司  , 'Shanxi Fund') (note (i))  -  10,636  Shanxi Huan Ji Long Ding Investment Company Limited*  (  ⼭西環基龍鼎投資有限公司  , 'Shanxi Huan Ji') (note (ii))  -  343  Finance costs incurred on the borrowings  from Shanxi Jin Tong (note (iii))  2,209  389   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) As  Shanxi  Dadi  Environment  Investment  Holdings  Co.  Ltd*  ( ⼭西大地環境投資控股有限公司 )  ('Dadi Environment')  is  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  and  Shanxi  Fund  is  a  subsidiary  of  Dadi Environment,  Shanxi  Fund  is  an  associate  of  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company  and  hence  a connected person of the Company under the GEM Listing Rules.
- (ii) As Shanxi Huan Ji is a subsidiary of Shanxi Fund, Shanxi Huan Ji is an associate of a substantial shareholder of the Company and hence a connected person of the Company under GEM Listing Rules.
- (iii) As Shanxi Jin Tong is a subsidiary of Shanxi Fund, Shanxi Jin Tong is an associate of a substantial shareholder of the Company and hence a connected person of the Company under GEM Listing Rules.

## (b) Compensation to key management personnel

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short-term benefits  5,577  8,932  Retirement scheme contribution  209  286  5,786  9,218   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For identification purpose only

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 38. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

## (b) Compensation to key management personnel (continued)

The remuneration of directors of the Company and key executives is determined by the remuneration committee  with  due  regard  to  the  performance  of  individuals  and  market  trends.  Further  details  of directors' emoluments are included in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

## (c) Borrowings from related parties

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Borrowings from Shanxi Jin Tong (note)  36,145  35,566   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

As Shanxi Jin Tong is a subsidiary of Shanxi Fund, Shanxi Jin Tong is an associate of a substantial shareholder of the Company and hence a connected person of the Company under GEM Listing Rules. The borrowings were unsecured, interest bearing at 8.0% and repayable within one year.

## (d) Corporate guarantee

Corporate guarantee is provided by Shanxi Environment, a substantial shareholder of the Company, for the unsecured borrowings amounted to HK$36,145,000 (2021: HK$35,566,000).

## 39. DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS

The Group operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme ('MPF Scheme') for all qualifying employees. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group, in fund under the control of trustees. The  Group  contributes  5%  of  relevant  payroll  costs  (limited  to  HK$30,000  per  annum  of  each  individual employee) to the MPF Scheme, which contribution is matched by employees.

The  employees  employed  in  the  PRC  subsidiaries  are  members  of  the  state-managed  retirement  benefits schemes operated by the China government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute to the retirement benefits schemes based on a certain percentage of their payroll to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to these retirement benefits schemes is to make the required contributions under the schemes.

Employees  employed  by  the  Group  outside  Hong  Kong  are  covered  by  the  appropriate  local  defined contribution schemes pursuant to the local labour rules and regulations.

At the end of the reporting period, there was no forfeited contribution, which arose upon employees leaving the  retirement  benefits  scheme  and  which  are  available  to  reduce  the  contribution  payable  in  the  futures years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 40.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Pursuant to a resolution passed at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 25 September 2012, a share option scheme (the 'Share Option Scheme') was adopted by the Company.

The major terms of the Share Option Scheme are summarised as follows:

- (a) The  purpose  of  the  Share  Option  Scheme  is  to  enable  the  Group  to  grant  share  options  to  selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution to the Group.
- (b) The participants include:
- (i) (1) any employee or proposed employee of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any entity ('Invested  Entity')  in  which  the  Group  holds  an  equity  interest,  including  any  executive director of the Company, any of such subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;
- (2) any  non-executive  director  (including  independent  non-executive  directors)  of  the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;
- (3) any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (4) any customer of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (5) any person or entity that provides research, development or other technological support to the Group or any Invested Entity;
- (6) any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued by any member of the Group or any Invested Entity; and
- (7) any joint venture partner or counter-party to business transactions of the Group.
- (ii) any company wholly owned by one or more persons belonging to any of the above classes of participants.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 40. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)

- (c) The exercise price of a share option shall be a price determined by the directors and shall at least be the higher of:
- (i) the closing price of a share of the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a business day; and
- (ii) the  average  closing  price  of  a  share  of  the  Company  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant.
- (d) Maximum number of shares:
- (i) The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding share options granted  and  yet  to  be  exercised  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  and  any  other  share  option schemes of the Company must not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time; and
- (ii) The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes must not in aggregate, exceed 10% of the shares in issue at the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme (the 'Limit') provided that share options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Limit.
- (e) The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon the exercise of share options granted and to be  granted  to  each  participant  (including  both  exercised  and  outstanding  options)  in  any  12-month period up to and including the date of grant must not exceed 1% of the shares in issue.
- (f) The exercisable period should be determined by the board of directors upon grant of the share option but in any event should not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of the share option.

During  the  years  ended  31  March  2022  and  2021,  no  share  option  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  was granted, exercised, lapsed or cancelled. At 31 March 2022 and 2021, there was no outstanding share options under the Share Option Scheme.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

## 41.1 General information of subsidiaries

Details of the Group's subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are set out below.

| Proportion of ownership interest  Name of subsidiary  Place of  incorporation/  operation  Issued and fully  paid share  capital  Group's effective  interest  Directly held  Indirectly held  Principal  activities  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  First FinTech (Shanghai) Company Limited*  （眾網金融科技（上海） 有限公司）  (note a)  The PRC/The PRC  RMB14,231,000  100%  100%  -  -  100%  100%  Financial leasing and other  financial services  Shenzhen City Jia Ying Financial Leasing  Company Limited*  （深圳市嘉盈融資租賃有限公司）  (note a)  The PRC/The PRC  US$10,000,000  100%  100%  100%  100%  -  -  Financial leasing and other  financial services  Dadi Nandou Culture Media (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*  （大地南斗文化傳媒（北京） 有限公司）  (note b)  The PRC/The PRC  RMB7,700,000  51%  51%  -  -  51%  51%  Administrative services on  performing arts industry  Dadi Feichi Culture Development  (Shanghai) Co., Limited*  （大地飛馳文化發展（上海） 有限公司）  (note b)  The PRC/The PRC  RMB5,000,000  51%  51%  -  -  51%  51%  Publication, purchase and  distribution of books  Shanxi Dadi EIF (note b and c)  The PRC/The PRC  RMB4,800,000  N/A  60%  -  -  N/A  60%  Fund management,  investment management,  assets management and  equity investment  Jinxin Keyuan (note b)  The PRC/The PRC  RMB15,000,000  60%  60%  -  -  60%  60%  Environmental consultancy  service  Hesting Bio Limited  Hong Kong/  Hong Kong  HK$3,000,000  51%  51%  51%  51%  -  -  Sale of healthcare products   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## 41.1 General information of subsidiaries (continued)

Notes:

- (a) These subsidiaries are wholly foreign owned enterprises in the PRC.
- (b) These subsidiaries are domestic enterprise with limited liabilities established in the PRC.
- (c) This  subsidiary  ceased  to  be  a  subsidiary  of  the  Group  and  is  accounted  for  as  financial  assets  at  FVTOCI upon deemed disposal on 31 May 2021.

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details  of  other  subsidiaries  would,  in  the  opinion  of  the  directors,  result  in  particulars  of  excessive length.

None  of  the  subsidiaries  had  any  debt  securities  outstanding  at  the  end  of  the  year  or  at  any  time during the year.

## 41.2 Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests ('NCI')

The table below shows the details of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material NCI:

| Name of subsidiary  Place of  incorporation and  principal place of  business  Proportion of  ownership interests  and voting rights  held by NCI  Total comprehensive  (expense)/income  allocated to NCI  Accumulated NCI  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Keen Renown Group  The PRC  40%  40%  (5,241)  (50,238)  (45,726)  (40,485)  Dadi Feichi Culture  Development (Shanghai)  Co., Limited  The PRC  49%  49%  (153,584)  16,119  (132,217)  21,367  Jinxin Keyuan  The PRC  40%  40%  2,941  (91)  10,848  7,907  Individually immaterial subsidiaries with non-controlling interests  (1,695)  2,356  (168,790)  (8,855)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## 41.2 Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests ('NCI') (continued)

The  following  table  lists  out  the  information  relating  to  Dadi  Feichi  Culture  Development  (Shanghai) Co., Limited which has material NCI. The summarised financial information presented below represents the amounts before intergroup eliminations.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  NCI percentage  49%  49%  Current assets  705,892  934,762  Non-current assets  -  7,310  Current liabilities  (975,723)  (898,251)  Non-current liabilities  -  (215)  Net (liabilities)/assets  (269,831)  43,606  Carrying amount of NCI  (132,217)  21,367  Revenue  -  608,534  (Loss)/profit for the year  (315,129)  26,937  Total comprehensive (expenses)/income  (313,437)  32,895  Total comprehensive (expenses)/income allocated to NCI  (153,584)  16,119  Dividend declared to NCI  -  33,623  Net cash flows generated from operating activities  1,100  60,675  Net cash flows generated from investing activities  -  3  Net cash flows used in financing activities  (2,649)  (60,435)  Net cash (outflow)/inflow  (1,549)  243   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## 41.2 Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests ('NCI') (continued)

The following table lists out the information relating to Keen Renown Group which has material NCI. The  summarised  financial  information  presented  below  represents  the  amounts  before  intergroup eliminations.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  NCI percentage  40%  40%  Current assets  169,579  174,472  Current liabilities  (283,894)  (275,685)  Net liabilities  (114,315)  (101,213)  Carrying amount of NCI  (45,726)  (40,485)  Revenue  -  -  Loss for the year  (18,012)  (134,352)  Total comprehensive expense  (13,102)  (125,593)  Total comprehensive expense allocated to NCI  (5,241)  (50,238)  Net cash inflows generated from operating activities  8  13   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 41. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)

## 41.2 Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests ('NCI') (continued)

The  following  table  lists  out  the  information  relating  to  Jinxin  Keyuan  which  has  material  NCI. The  summarised  financial  information  presented  below  represents  the  amounts  before  intergroup eliminations.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  NCI percentage  40%  40%  Current assets  34,286  32,318  Non-current assets  239  114  Current liabilities  (7,405)  (12,665)  Net assets  27,120  19,767  Carrying amount of NCI  10,848  7,907  Year ended  31 March 2022  Period from  10 February  2021 to  31 March 2021  Revenue  34,675  4,171  Profit for the period  6,430  563  Total comprehensive income/(expense)  7,352  (227)  Total comprehensive income/(expense) allocated to NCI  2,941  (91)  Dividend declared to NCI  -  3,842  Net cash flows (used in)/generated from operating activities  (4,637)  706  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (269)  -  Net cash (outflow)/inflow  (4,906)  706   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 42. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  17  42  Right-of-use assets  2,462  237  Investments in subsidiaries  7,023  36,956  9,502  37,235  Current assets  Amounts due from subsidiaries  794  12,765  Other receivables and deposits  66,017  69,903  Bank balances and cash  140  1,221  66,951  83,889  Current liabilities  Accruals and other payables  19,702  12,265  Borrowings  36,145  35,566  Lease liabilities  2,552  270  58,399  48,101  Net current assets  8,552  35,788  Total assets less current liabilities  18,054  73,023  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  219  -  Net assets  17,835  73,023   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 42.

## STATEMENT  OF  FINANCIAL  POSITION  AND  RESERVES  OF  THE  COMPANY (continued)

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Capital and reserves  Share capital  35  36,406  36,406  Reserves  (18,571)  36,617  Total equity  17,835  73,023   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company's  statement  of  financial  position  was  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  board  of directors on 31 August 2022 and signed on its behalf by:

Fu Yuanhong

Director

Wu Xiaoming

Director

## 42.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## STATEMENT  OF  FINANCIAL  POSITION  AND  RESERVES  OF  THE  COMPANY (continued)

## Movement in the Company's reserves

| Share  capital  Share  premium  Contributed  surplus  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 April 2020  35,649  1,823,073  325,866  (2,113,312)  71,276  Profit and total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  9,750  9,750  Issue of shares, net of issuing expense (note 33)  757  5,500  -  -  6,257  Dividend declared and paid  -  -  (14,260)  -  (14,260)  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  36,406  1,828,573  311,606  (2,103,562)  73,023  Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  (55,188)  (55,188)  As at 31 March 2022  36,406  1,828,573  311,606  (2,158,750)  17,835   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 43. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  consolidated  financial  statements  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  board  of  directors  on 31 August 2022.

## Summary of Financial Information

## RESULTS

| For the year ended 31 March  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  Revenue  69,218  107,159  1,225,016  615,941  37,961  (Loss)/profit before taxation  (52,389)  (46,169)  133,147  (184,643)  (377,143)  Income tax expenses  (697)  (1,618)  (40,986)  (11,485)  (1,337)  (Loss)/profit for the year from continuing operations  (53,086)  (47,787)  92,161  (196,128)  (378,480)  Discontinued operations  (Loss)/profit for year from discontinued operations  359  -  -  -  -  (Loss)/profit for the year  (52,727)  (47,787)  92,161  (196,128)  (378,480)  (Loss)/profit attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (60,037)  (42,680)  34,588  (152,500)  (217,838)  Non-controlling interests  7,310  (5,107)  57,573  (43,628)  (160,642)  (52,727)  (47,787)  92,161  (196,128)  (378,480)  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  As at 31 March  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  25,149  23,193  53,733  48,786  56,159  Current assets  590,676  615,271  1,171,396  1,292,132  1,028,814  Current liabilities  104,971  148,151  139,659  970,215  1,058,671  Non-current liabilities  7,855  -  549,655  215  219   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|