## DASHAN EDUCATION HOLDINGS LIMITED

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code: 9986

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

| - 2 CORPORATE INFORMATION  - 4 CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT  - 6 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS  - 17 BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT  - 25 DIRECTORS' REPORT  - 64 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT  - 82 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT  - 87 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  - 89 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION  - 91 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  - 93 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  - 95 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  - 198 FINANCIAL SUMMARY  - 199 GLOSSARY   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Zhang Hongjun (Chairman and CEO)

Mr. Shan Jingchao

Mr. Ma Wenhao 1

## Non-executive Director

Mr. Jia Shuilin

## Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Zhang Jian

Dr. Xie Xiangbing 2

Ms. Wang Yanxiao 3

Ms. Yang Min 1

Mr. Li Gang 4

Mr. Lui Siu Keung 4

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Dr. Xie Xiangbing 2 (chairman) 3

Mr. Lui Siu Keung (chairman) 4

Mr. Zhang Jian

Ms. Wang Yanxiao 3

Ms. Yang Min 1

Mr. Li Gang 4

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Zhang Jian (chairman)

Mr. Zhang Hongjun

Dr. Xie Xiangbing 2

Ms. Wang Yanxiao 3

Mr. Li Gang 4

- 1 resigned with effect from 25 April 2022
- 2 appointed with effect from 16 August 2022
- 3 appointed with effect from 13 February 2023
- 4 resigned with effect from 13 February 2023
- 5 appointed with effect from 25 April 2022
- 6 appointed with effect from 21 April 2023
- 7 resigned with effect from 21 April 2023

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Zhang Hongjun (chairman)

Mr. Zhang Jian

Dr. Xie Xiangbing 2

Ms. Wang Yanxiao 3

Ms. Yang Min 1

Mr. Li Gang 5, 4

## INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

Mr. Zhang Hongjun (chairman)

Mr. Shan Jingchao

Mr. Zhang Jian

Dr. Xie Xiangbing 2

Ms. Wang Yanxiao 3

Mr. Ma Wenhao 1

Ms. Yang Min 1

Mr. Li Gang 4

Mr. Lui Siu Keung 4

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Zhang Hongjun 5

Mr. Chan Kwong On 6

Mr. Ma Wenhao 1

Ms. Chen Yibei 7

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Chan Kwong On 6 Ms. Chen Yibei 7

## COMPLIANCE ADVISER

Alliance Capital Partners Limited

Licensed  corporation  to  carry  out  type  1  (dealing in  securities)  and  type  6  (advising  on  corporate finance) regulated activities under the SFO

## AUDITOR

Zhonghui Anda CPA Limited 8 Certified Public Accountants Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu 9 Certified Public Accountants Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors

## HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER

Howse Williams

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

China Minsheng Bank, Zhengzhou Branch Bank of Communications, Zhengzhou Huanghe Road Branch China Merchants Bank, Zhengzhou Weilai Branch

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN HONG KONG

Tricor Investor Services Limited Address on or after 15 August 2022: 17/F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

Address prior to 15 August 2022: Level 54, Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong

8

9

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC

19th Floor, Guoxin Plaza Crossroad of Zhongzhou Avenue and Minghong Road Zhengzhou, Henan Province

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Address on or after 21 April 2023: Unit 3508, 35/F Shun Tak Centre - West Tower 168-200 Connaught Road Central Sheung Wan Hong Kong

Address prior to 21 April 2023: Room 1504, 15/F Jubilee Centre 18 Fenwick Street Wan Chai Hong Kong

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE

www.dashanedu.com (information on the website does not form part of this report)

## STOCK EXCHANGE STOCK CODE

9986

## DATE OF LISTING

15 July 2020

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board, I hereby present the annual report of the Group for FY2022.

During FY2022, the Group was principally engaged in (i) the provision of extracurricular programmes for personal attainment; (ii) the provision of overseas education consultation services; and (iii) the provision of training and consultancy services for educational institutions, schools and other entities.

With  the  Group's  experience  accumulated  from  years  of  dedication  in  academic  education  industry,  it has  established  good  brand  awareness  and  influence  among  students  and  parents,  and  accumulated rich  experience,  resources,  team  and  operational  advantages.  With  these  advantages,  during  FY2022, the Group commenced to provide extracurricular programmes for personal attainment in sports, arts and dancing targeting children and teenagers in the PRC.

The Group is committed to building an ecosystem in international education field to provide one-stop allscenario services for Chinese students participating in international education. During FY2022, the Group set  up  a  consulting  centre  in  Zhengzhou,  Henan  Province  to  provide  overseas  education  consultation services. At the same time, it acquired schools in the UK to further expand its overseas school network and promote the coordinated development of domestic and overseas businesses. The Group was also engaged in the provision of vocational training business in relation to computer science and information technology.

Going forward, the Group plans to expand the overseas education consultation service to major cities in Mainland China and Hong Kong by means of mergers and acquisitions, cooperation, new establishments, etc.  Leverage  on  its  school  network  in  the  UK,  the  Group  will  also  integrate  its  business  resources in  China  to  promote  Chinese  students  to  study  abroad  or  have  short-term  exchanges  in  schools  in the  UK,  and  at  the  same  time  study  and  develop  overseas  study  tour  projects.  The  Group  plans  to expand its dancing course training to Beijing and other cities, and explore more business development opportunities.

Based  on  the  Group's  accumulation  in  academic  education  business,  the  Group  has  rich  teaching experience,  curriculum  resources,  research  and  development  teams  and  management  systems  in  the field  of  academic education. It can provide training for teachers in educational institutions and schools, covering teaching techniques, classroom management, course design, etc. The Group can also provide consulting  services  for  brand  promotion,  event  planning  and  other  needs  of  educational  institutions, schools and other entities.

Looking  forward  to  the  future,  the  Group  will  communicate  closely  with  educational  institutions  and schools,  combine  the  Group's  resources  and  advantages,  enrich  service  varieties  and  contents,  and provide customers with diversified professional consulting services. The Group will also increase its effort to broaden the market, and actively develop new customers while serving existing customers well.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

In the new era and new situation, the Group's business development has encountered many challenges. However,  with  the  joint  efforts  of  Shareholders,  management  team  and  all  employees,  and  with  the support of the customers, partners and all sectors of society, we have adjusted to market development trends  and  complied  with  regulations  requirements,  and  strived  to  promote  the  transformation  and recovery  of  the  Group's  various  businesses.  To  this  day,  we  still  maintain  confidence  in  the  future development  of  the  Group.  In  the  future,  we  will  not  forget  our  original  aspirations,  forge  ahead  and continue to create value for Shareholders and society.

## Zhang Hongjun

Chairman and CEO

29 July 2024

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANAL

## UPDATE ON LISTING STATUS

Reference  is  made  to  the  Company's  announcement  dated  29  March  2023.  The  former  Auditor  has raised concerns in connection with (i) the commercial substance and business rationale of the payments in connection with the software development services provided by a vendor; (ii) the provision of evidence to  substantiate  the  validity  of  the  provision  of  training  and  advisory  services  by  the  Group  to  various customers; (iii) the commercial substance and business rationale for a loan granted by the Group to an entity; and (iv) the acquisition of equity interests in KSI Education Limited (' KSI Education ', a company incorporated in the UK) (collectively, the ' Audit Matters ').

As a result of the delay in publication of the audited annual results of the Group for FY2022, trading in Shares on Stock Exchange has been suspended with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 30 March 2023. Trading in the Shares will remain suspended until further notice.

On 5 May 2023, the Company received the following resumption guidance (' Resumption Guidance ') from the Stock Exchange, requiring the Company to:

- (a) conduct  an  appropriate  independent  investigation  into  the  Audit  Matters,  announce  the  findings and take appropriate remedial actions;
- (b) publish  all  outstanding  financial  results  required  under  the  Listing  Rules  and  address  any  audit modifications;
- (c) demonstrate the Company's compliance with Rule 13.24 of the Listing Rules; and
- (d) announce  all  material  information  for  the  Company's  shareholders  and  investors  to  appraise  its position.

The Company is taking appropriate steps to remedy the issues causing its trading suspension and will use its  best  endeavours  to  resume  trading  as  soon  as  practicable.  In  particular,  a  special  investigation committee  (the  ' SIC ')  was  established  on  19  April  2023,  comprising  solely  INEDs,  to  undertake  an independent investigation into the Audit Matters. In May 2023, the SIC appointed Mazars Risk Advisory Services  Limited  (' Mazars '),  an  independent  risk  consulting  and  accounting  firm,  to  conduct  an agreed-upon  procedures  investigation  (the  ' AUP  Investigation ')  in  relation  to  the  Audit  Matters.  As disclosed  in  the  Company's  announcement  dated  29  May  2024,  Mazars  has  issued  the  agreed-upon procedures  review  report  on  29  May  2024  setting  out  the  findings  of  the  AUP  Investigation.  Having considered the findings  of  the  AUP  Investigation,  the  Board  and  the  SIC  are  of  the  view  that  the  AUP Investigation is sufficient and adequate to address each of the Audit Matters. The SIC has also engaged Mazars  to  perform  to  an  overall  internal  control  review  of  the  Group  (the  ' Internal  Control  Review ')

and the Company has adopted all the recommendations given by Mazars on the findings of the Internal Control  Review  in  relation  to  the  AUP  Investigation  on  the  Audit  Matters  to  rectify  the  internal  control deficiencies. Mazars has also conducted follow-up reviews with the objective of independently following up  the  rectification  of  the  review  findings  and  all  recommendations  have  been  implemented.  For further  details  of  the  AUP  Investigation  and  the  Internal  Control  Review,  please  refer  to  the  Company's announcement dated 29 May 2024.

Updates  on  the  progress  of  the  fulfillment  of  the  Resumption  Guidance  and  actions  taken  by  the Company have been set out in the quarterly update announcements published by the Company. Further announcement(s) will be made by the Company as and when appropriate to keep the Shareholders and potential investors informed.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company.  Prior  to  March  2022,  the  Group  was  principally engaged  in  the  provision  of  primary  and  secondary  after-school  academic  education  services  in  the PRC (the ' Academic Education Business '). As a result of the promulgation of the Opinion (as defined below),  the  Group  has  completely  ceased  its  Academic  Education  Business  by  March  2022.  During FY2022, the Group was principally engaged in (i) the provision of extracurricular programmes for personal attainment  and  overseas  education  consultation  services  (collectively  referred  as  the  ' Non-academic Education  Business ');  and  (ii)  the  provision  of  training  and  consultancy  services  for  educational institutions, schools and other entities (the ' Training and Consultancy Business ').

## Academic Education Business

As disclosed in the 2021 annual report and 2022 interim report of the Company, the government of the PRC  has  been  reforming  its  education  system,  and  has  promulgated  and  implemented  the  'Opinions on  Further  Reducing  Students'  Homework  Burden  and  After-school  Tutoring  Burden  in  Compulsory Education' ( 《關於進⼀步減輕義務教育階段學生作業負擔和校外培訓負擔的意見》 ) (the ' Opinion ') in July 2021. The Opinion set out the policy guidance on, among others, the further tightening of regulations on the after-school tutoring sector. The Opinion provided that, among others, (i) existing private institutions providing  academic related after-school tutoring services shall be registered as non-profit organisation; (ii) relevant local authorities shall screen the existing registered institutions which provide online academic related after-school tutoring and shall carry out approval procedures for such registered institutions; (iii) private institutions providing academic related after-school tutoring services are not allowed to conduct fund raising through listing; and (iv) listed companies are not allowed to invest in or acquire the assets of private institutions providing academic related after-school tutoring services.

As  a  result  of  the  promulgation  of  the  Opinion,  the  Group  has  closed  down  its  self-operated  teaching centres  and  the  Academic  Education  Business  was  terminated  completely  by  March  2022  in  response to, and in compliance with, the restrictions imposed on the Academic Education Business offered by the Group.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Non-academic Education Business

In  view  of  the  Opinion's  restrictions  on  the  Group's  engagement  in  Academic  Education  Business, after  detailed  evaluation  and  review  by  the  Group,  the  Group  has  been  actively  exploring  opportunities through transformation of its existing business and venturing into new businesses. As China's economy continues to develop, the increase in residents' disposable income, more and more parents are showing greater enthusiasm for financial investment in their children's education. In the context of the reform and opening-up and globalisation, social development puts forward new requirements for talents, high-quality talents  with  global  vision  and  international  competitiveness  are  more  popular,  therefore  many  parents with  financial  conditions  will  choose  to  send  their  children  to  study  abroad.  China  has  adhered  to  the policy of studying abroad in the new era of 'supporting students studying abroad, encouraging students to  return  after  graduation,  freedom  of  movement,  and  playing  a  role',  eventually  promote  the  further development  and  growth  of  international  education  market.  Since  2022,  global  COVID-19  prevention and  control  measures  have  been  gradually  relaxed,  many  countries  have  lifted  all  epidemic  prevention restrictions  whereas  China  also  implements  'Category  B  and  B  control'  for  SARS-CoV-2  infections, global  personnel  and  trade  exchanges  have  gradually  resumed  and  international  education  market  has gradually rebounded.

With the Group's experience accumulated from years of dedication in the Academic Education Business, it  has established good brand awareness and influence among students and parents, and accumulated rich  experience,  resources,  team  and  operational  advantages.  In  the  face  of  the  changes  in  parents' needs  for  their  children's  education  after  the  implementation  of  the  Opinion,  the  Group  is  committed to  building  an  ecosystem  in  international  education  field  to  provide  one-stop  all-scenario  services  for Chinese students participating in international education.

Since  December  2021,  the  Group  operated  a  consultancy  centre  in  Zhengzhou,  Henan  Province  to provide  overseas  education  consultation  services  for  students  intending  to  apply  for  further  education abroad  and  created  revenue  by  collecting  consultancy  service  fees.  The  Group  typically  provides consultancy  services  for  students  intending  to  apply  for  further  education  abroad  by  (i)  collecting background  and  admission  information  of  overseas  higher  educational  institutions,  (ii)  assisting  in formulating overseas study and college application plans, (iii) assisting in making the college applications, and (iv) assisting in making application for student visa.

In  view of the fact that overseas colleges pay more attention to the comprehensive quality of students, during  FY2022,  the  Group  commenced  to  provide  extracurricular  programmes  for  personal  attainment in  sports,  arts  and  dancing  targeting  children  and  teenagers.  Extracurricular  programmes  not  only improve  students'  physical  fitness  and  cultivate  students'  artistic  literacy,  but  also  lay  the  foundation for  students  to  study  abroad,  apply  for  ideal  colleges,  and  study  art  majors  in  the  future.  The  Group used  its  existing  self-operated  teaching  centres  or  newly  rented  premises,  to  set  up  teaching  centres, recruited  experienced  tutors  and  trainers,  providing  relevant  extracurricular  programmes  for  personal attainment, and recruited students to participate in newly opened sports, arts and dance courses. As at 31 December 2022, the Group operated 11 self-operated teaching centres and offered different courses in different areas.

In  view  of  the  trend  of  younger  age  in  international  education  market,  in  FY2022,  the  Group  acquired equity interests in KSI Education and KSI Education became an associate of the Group upon completion in January 2023. Through the education quality, education reputation, scale and development potential of KSI Education and two private schools (namely, Kingsley School and Heathfield Knoll School) it manages, the Group was able to expand its overseas school network. It is also expected to combine the Group's overseas  education  consultation  services  and  extracurricular  programmes  for  personal  attainment business in the PRC to share their respective experiences and resources to create synergy.

Furthermore,  the  Group  completed  the  acquisition  of  60%  equity  of  Henan  Zhongzhichuang Education  Information  Consulting  Company  Limited*  ( 河南中之創教育信息諮詢有限公司 )  (' Henan Zhongzhichuang ',  currently  known  as  Zhengzhou  Zhongzhichuang  Education  Technology  Company Limited*  ( 鄭州中之創教育科技有限公司 ))  in  May  2022,  a  company  principally  engaged  in  the  provision of vocational training and technical education for adults in relation to computer science and information technology.  The  Group  commenced  the  provision  of  vocational  education  in  the  PRC,  providing face-to-face teaching covering different areas in computer science and information technology, aiming to help students develop different levels of practical skills to ensure better opportunities for further study and employment.

## Training and Consultancy Business

With  the  Group's  experience  in  the  Academic  Education  Business  for  years,  the  Group  has  extensive teaching experience, curriculum resources, research and development team and management systems in the field of academic education. It can provide training covering teaching skills, classroom management, course  design,  etc.  for  new  and  old  teachers  in  educational  institutions  and  schools.  The  Group  can also  provide  consulting  services  for  brand  promotion,  event  planning  and  other  needs  of  educational institutions, schools and other entities.

## FUTURE OUTLOOK

Going  forward,  the  Group  will  continue  to  monitor  closely  the  regulatory  environment  which  may  have material effects on the business operations and financial condition of the Group and adjust its business plans and reallocate its resources in a timely manner. The Group will actively explore different business opportunities, expand the breadth and depth of the Group's business, in order to achieve the Group's business goals and generate greater returns for Shareholders.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Non-academic Education Business

In  June  2020,  eight  government departments including the Ministry of Education of China promulgated 'Opinions  on  Accelerating  and  Expanding  the  Opening-up  of  Education  in  the  New  Era'  ( 《關於加快和 擴大新時代教育對外開放的意見》 ),  which focus on accelerating the modernisation of China's education and  cultivating  more  globally  competitive  talents,  emphasise  'China  still  needs  to  deepen  and  expand mutually beneficial cooperation and exchanges and mutual learning with countries around the world in the field of education, focusing on breaking down institutional barriers, increasing the reform of Sino-foreign cooperative  education,  and  actively  broadening  cooperation  channels  for  high-quality  educational resources  to  expand  space  for  studying  abroad'.  According  to  figures  released  by  the  Ministry  of Education of China, the total number of Chinese students studying abroad has increased year by year since  the  late  1980s  and  maintained  a  continuous  and  stable  growth  momentum.  China  remains  the largest  source  of  international  students,  with  more  than  1  million  students  studying  in  overseas  higher educational institutions. Factors such as the increasing degree of globalisation, the pursuit of high-quality educational  resources,  the  intensifying  competition  for  employment  and  the  need  for  economic development, have facilitated more qualified families and students to study abroad. The scale of China's international education industry continues to expand with the expansion of China's international student population. At the same time, the professional requirements of study abroad groups and families studying abroad  have  gradually  increased.  The  scope  of  study  abroad  services  has  gradually  expanded  from traditional  visa  applications,  school  selection,  etc.  to  more  areas  such  as  language  training,  cultural exchanges, background improvement, academic guidance, etc.

The  Group  is  committed  to  building  an  international  education  ecosystem,  providing  high  quality  and diversified comprehensive services, in order to meet the personalised needs of different customer groups at different stages. The Group plans to expand the overseas education consultation service centres from Zhengzhou, Henan Province to major cities in Mainland China and Hong Kong by means of mergers and acquisitions, cooperation, new establishments, etc., to cover more overseas study groups and families. The  Group  will  continue  provide  application  guidance  based  on  students'  needs  and  goals,  conduct professional planning based on students' personal academic background, interests and experiences, and future employment directions, design and customise college application plans for applicants, and provide customers with comprehensive consulting services.

Under the background of the current increasingly connected international social connection, integrated Chinese  and  Western  education  has  become  the  choice  of  more  families  and  students,  the  trend  of younger students studying abroad is increasing. According to the 'International Talent Blue Book: China Study  Abroad  Development  Report'  ( 《國際人才藍皮書：中國留學發展報告》 )  released  by  the  Chinese Academy of Social Science (CASS), the number of younger students studying abroad in China's first-tier cities is growing at an annual rate of about 20%. Parents believe that studying abroad at a younger age can lay the foundation for their children to enter prestigious overseas schools in the future. Leverage on its  school  network  in  the  UK,  the  Group  will  also  integrate  its  business  resources  in  China  to  promote Chinese  students  to  study  abroad  or  have  short-term  exchanges  in  the  schools  in  the  UK,  and  at  the same time study and develop overseas study tour projects.

With  the  improvement  of  people's  living  standards  and  the  emphasis  on  education,  parents  pay  more attention to the comprehensive development and individual needs of their children. They hope that their children will not only master academic knowledge in learning process, but also cultivate various talents and qualities. In addition, international education attaches great importance to students' comprehensive quality,  and  quality  education  welcomes  more  development  opportunities.  In  December  2022,  13 government departments including the Ministry of Education of China issued the 'Opinions on Regulating Non-academic  After-school  Tutoring  for  Primary  and  Secondary  School  Students'  ( 《關於規範面向中 小學生的⾮學科類校外培訓的意見》 ),  which  aims  strengthen  supervision  of  non-academic  after-school tutoring  in  China.  The  Group  will  follow  the  market  development  trend  and  regulatory  requirements, to  conduct  extracurricular  programmes  in  a  standardised  manner.  During  FY2022,  the  Group  has provided extracurricular programmes for personal attainment in sports, arts and dancing in Zhengzhou, Henan Province. In the future, the Group believes there will be increasing demand in the extracurricular programmes and plans to expand its dancing courses to Beijing and other cities.

## Training and Consultancy Business

The  Group  will  utilise  its  cumulative  teaching  experience,  curriculum  resources,  research  and development  team  and  management  system,  combined  with  the  needs  of  educational  institutions  and schools, to offer targeted trainings to teachers. The Group will be closely coordinated with educational institutions  and  schools,  combined  with  the  Group's  resources  and  advantages,  wide  range  of  service offerings  and  contents,  to  provide  diversified  and  professional  consulting  services  to  customers.  The Group  will  also  increase  its  effort  to  broaden  the  market,  and  actively  develop  new  customers  while serving existing customers well.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Revenue

Prior to March 2022, the Group's revenue was mainly generated from the Academic Education Business. In  order  to  respond  to  and  comply  with  the  restrictions  on  the  Academic  Education  Business  following the  promulgation  of  the  Opinion,  the  Group  has  closed  its  self-operated  teaching  centres  for  the Group's Academic Education Business and the Group has terminated the Academic Education Business completely by March 2022. During FY2022, the Group's Non-academic Education Business and Training and Consultancy Business started to contribute considerably to the Group's revenue.

The  Group's  total  revenue  for  FY2022  amounted  to  approximately  RMB27.7  million,  representing  a decrease of approximately 92.2% as compared to that of approximately RMB352.9 million for FY2021. Such decrease was primarily  due  to  the  significant  decrease  in  revenue  generated  from  the  Academic Education  Business  of  approximately  RMB338.7  million  as  a  result  of  the  cessation  of  the  Academic Education Business by the Group by March 2022. Meanwhile, due to the shift in the business focus of the Group, the revenue generated from Non-academic Education Business and Training and Consultancy Business partially offset such decrease.

## Cost of Sales and Services Rendered

The Group's cost of sales and services rendered primarily consists of (i) staff costs; and (ii) depreciation. The  Group  recorded  a  decrease  in  cost  of  sales  and  services  rendered  of  approximately  92.1%  from approximately  RMB235.4  million  for  FY2021  to  approximately  RMB18.7  million  for  FY2022.  Such decrease  was  in  line  with  the  decrease  in  revenue  primarily  due  to  the  closure  of  the  Group's  selfoperated  teaching  centres  for  the  Academic  Education  Business,  which  also  led  to  the  decrease  in relevant costs.

## Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

The Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB9.0 million for FY2022, representing a decrease of  approximately  92.3%  from  approximately  RMB117.4  million  for  FY2021.  The  gross  profit  margin remained relatively stable at approximately 33.3% for FY2021 and approximately 32.5% for FY2022.

## Other Income

The  Group's  other  income  mainly  consists  of  (i)  government  grants;  (ii)  interest  income  from  debt instruments  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income;  and  (iii)  bank  interest  income.  During FY2022,  the  Group's  other  income  was  approximately  RMB2.5  million,  representing  a  decrease  of approximately 69.1% from approximately RMB8.1 million for FY2021. Such decrease was mainly due to the decrease in bank interest income of approximately RMB5.2 million.

## Other Gains and Losses, Net

The  Group's  other  gains  and  losses,  net  mainly  consist  of  (i)  impairment  loss  on  property,  plant  and equipment; and (ii)  gain  on  derecognition  of  right-of-use  assets  and  lease  liabilities.  The  Group's  other gains  and  losses,  net  decreased  by  approximately  96.2%  from  a  net  loss  of  approximately  RMB70.3 million for FY2021 to a net loss of approximately RMB2.7 million for FY2022. Such decrease was mainly due to (i)  the  change  from  loss  of  approximately  RMB48.5  million  for  FY2021  to  gain  of  approximately RMB0.4  million  for  FY2022  for  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment;  and  (ii)  the  decrease  in impairment loss on property, plant and equipment.

## Selling and Marketing Expenses

The  Group's  selling  and  marketing  expenses  primarily  include  wages  and  salaries  for  the  marketing personnel  and  advertising  expenses.  The  Group's  selling  and  marketing  expenses  decreased  by approximately 88.3% from approximately RMB13.7 million for FY2021 to approximately RMB1.6 million for FY2022. Such decrease was mainly due to the decrease in advertising and marketing expenditure due to the cessation of the Group's Academic Education Business by March 2022.

## Content and Information Technology Development and Training Expenses

The  Group's  content  and  information  technology  development  and  training  expenses  mainly  comprise the creation and production of teaching materials, online content, graphics, animations and video clips, as well as the development and upgrade of internal monitoring system for the standardisation of teaching standard and quality through the use of collected data. The Group's content and information technology development  and  training  expenses  decreased  by  approximately  54.5%  from  approximately  RMB29.7 million  for  FY2021  to  approximately  RMB13.5  million  for  FY2022.  Such  decrease  was  mainly  due  to the  decrease  in  staff  costs  for  content  research  staffs  due  to  the  cessation  of  the  Group's  Academic Education Business by March 2022.

## Administrative Expenses

The  Group's  administrative  expenses  mainly  include  staff  costs  of  head  office,  legal  and  professional fees,  office  expenses  and  travelling  expenses.  The  Group's  administrative  expenses  decreased  by approximately 59.1% from approximately RMB60.4 million for FY2021 to approximately RMB24.7 million for  FY2022.  Such  decrease  was  mainly  attributed  to  the  decrease  in  staff  salaries,  wages  and  training costs as a result of the reduction in the number of administrative staff.

## Finance Costs

The Group's finance costs represent interests on lease liabilities. The Group's finance costs decreased by approximately 97.2% from approximately RMB7.2 million for FY2021 to approximately RMB0.2 million for FY2022. Such decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in the number of leased properties as a result of the closure of the Group's self-operated teaching centres for the Academic Education Business by March 2022.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Taxation

For  FY2022,  the  Group's  income  tax  credits  were  approximately  RMB18,000,  and  for  FY2021,  the income tax expenses were approximately RMB1.1 million.

## Loss for the Year

The  Group  recorded  a  loss  of  approximately  RMB31.4  million  for  FY2022,  representing  a  decrease  of approximately  44.7%  as  compared  with  a  loss  of  approximately  RMB56.8  million  for  FY2021.  Such decrease was primarily due to (i) the decrease in relevant costs and expenses as a result of the cessation of the Group's Academic Education Business by March 2022; and (ii) the decrease in impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment.

## Loss per Share

The basic and diluted loss per Share amounted to approximately RMB3.96 cents for FY2022, while the basic and diluted loss per Share amounted to approximately RMB7.31 cents for FY2021.

## FINANCIAL POSITION

## Liquidity

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's net current assets amounted to approximately RMB95.4 million, representing  a  decrease  of  approximately  52.2%  as  compared  with  that  of  approximately  RMB199.7 million as at 31 December 2021. Such decrease was mainly due to the decrease in bank balances and cash as a result of the utilisation of certain proceeds from listing by the Group.

The  Group  adopts  prudent  financial  policies  and  closely  monitors  its  financial  position.  The  Group assesses its cash position from time to time to optimise the utilisation of its bank balances and cash and may invest in different types of financial instruments to generate returns for the Group where appropriate.

## Bank Balances and Cash

The  Group's  bank  balances  and  cash  are  mainly  denominated  in  RMB  and  HK$.  As  at  31  December 2022, the Group's bank balances and cash amounted to approximately RMB95.0 million, representing a  decrease  of  approximately  63.4%  as  compared  to  that  of  approximately  RMB259.8  million  as  at  31 December 2021. Such decrease was mainly due to the utilisation of certain proceeds from listing by the Group.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no interest-bearing borrowings (31 December 2021: Nil).

## Trade Receivables

The Group's trade receivables represented training and consultancy services fee receivables. The Group reviews  and  monitors  the  level  of  trade  receivables  on  a  regular  basis.  As  at  31  December  2022,  the Group's trade receivables amounted to approximately RMB9.3 million (31 December 2021: Nil).

## Contingent Liabilities

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (31 December 2021: Nil).

## Gearing Ratio

Gearing ratio is calculated based on total debt at the end of the respective year divided by total equity at the end of the respective year. Total debt represents lease liabilities as referred to in HKFRS 16 Lease . As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  gearing  ratio  was  approximately  4.6%  (31  December  2021: approximately 9.2%).

## Current Ratio

Current ratio is calculated based on the total current assets at the end of the respective year divided by the total current liabilities at the end of the respective year. As at 31 December 2022, the Group's current ratio was approximately 3.1 times (31 December 2021: approximately 4.1 times).

## CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

During FY2022, the Group's capital expenditures amounted to approximately RMB19.5 million (FY2021: approximately  RMB64.3  million),  which  were  mainly  expenditure  on  additions  to  property,  plant  and equipment.

The  Group  has  financed  its  capital  expenditures  primarily  through  the  cash  generated  from  operations and equity fundraisings.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  no  capital  commitments  in  respect  of  additions  to  property, plant and equipment (31 December 2021: Nil).

## CHARGE ON ASSETS AND PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any charges on assets (31 December 2021: Nil) nor any of assets of the Group was pledged (31 December 2021: Nil).

## INTEREST RATE RISK

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk due to variable interest rates on bank balances. The Group currently does not use any financial instruments to hedge its exposure to interest rate risk. However, the Group monitors interest rate risk and will consider hedging significant interest rate risk if necessary.

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

Most of the Group's revenue and expenses are denominated in RMB. Most of the Group's bank balances and cash are denominated in RMB and HK$. The Group currently does not use any financial instruments to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange risk. However, the Group monitors foreign exchange risk and will consider hedging significant foreign exchange risk if necessary.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTO SENIOR MANAGEME

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Mr. Zhang Hongjun ( 張紅軍 )

Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun  (' Mr.  Zhang '),  aged  46,  is  an  executive  Director,  the  Chairman  and  the  CEO.  He was appointed as a Director on 30 November 2018 and was re-designated as an executive Director on 9  April  2019.  Mr.  Zhang  is  primarily  responsible  for  the  overall  operation  and  management.  Mr.  Zhang is  currently  the  director  of  Golden  Town  Ventures  Limited,  Dashan  Education  (HK)  Company  Limited and  Dashan  Yunxiao,  each  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company.  He  is  also  a  director  of  Dashan  Training,  a Consolidated Affiliated Entity, and Lucky Heaven.

Mr. Zhang has approximately 25 years of experience in the education industry since he commenced the preparation for setting up of the first self-operated teaching centre of the Group in 1998. From May 2005 to  October  2015,  Mr.  Zhang  served  as  the  principal  of  Zhengzhou  Jinshui  Dashan  Foreign  Language Training School* ( 鄭州金水大⼭外國語培訓學校 ).  He  served as a vice general manager from November 2015 to March 2016, the director and general manager from April 2016 to June 2016, then the general manager and the chairman of the board of directors of Dashan Training from June 2016. Mr. Zhang was elected  as  a  member  of  the  12th  Committee  of  the  Henan  Provincial  Committee  of  Chinese  People's Political Consultative Conference ( 中國人民政治協商會議第十⼆屆河南省委員會 ) in January 2018.

Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor's degree in business administration from Xi'an Jiaotong University ( 西安 交通大學 )  in  the  PRC  in  January  2014 and completed the Executive Master of Business Administration programme  from  Cheung  Kong  Graduate  School  of  Business  ( 長江商學院 )  in  the  PRC  in  September 2017, respectively.

## Mr. Shan Jingchao ( 單景超 )

Mr.  Shan  Jingchao  (' Mr.  Shan '),  aged  37,  is  an  executive  Director.  Mr.  Shan  joined  the  Group  on  1 February  2009  and  was  appointed  as  a  Director  on  22  March  2019  before  being  re-designated  as  an executive  Director  on  9  April  2019.  He  is  primarily  responsible  for  overseeing  the  Group's  operating system, supervising and managing the operation of teaching districts.

Mr.  Shan  was  a  teaching  district  supervisor  of  Zhengzhou  Jinshui  Dashan  Foreign  Language  Training School* ( 鄭州金水大⼭外國語培訓學校 ) from February 2009 to December 2010. Mr. Shan was a general manager and director of Dashan Training from December 2010 to April 2016. From April 2016 to June 2016, Mr. Shan was a vice general manager of Dashan Training. Since June 2016, Mr. Shan has been as a director and a vice general manager of Dashan Training.

Mr. Shan obtained a diploma degree in chain management from Xi'an Eurasia University ( 西安歐亞學院 ) in the PRC in July 2009 and a bachelor's degree in ideological and political education from Henan Normal University ( 河南師範大學 ) in the PRC in July 2016.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Mr. Ma Wenhao ( 馬文浩 )

Mr.  Ma Wenhao (' Mr. Ma '),  aged  51,  was  an  executive  Director.  Mr.  Ma  joined  the  Group  on  15  May 2014. Mr. Ma was appointed as the Director on 22 March 2019 and was re-designated as the executive Director  on  9  April  2019.  He  was  primarily  responsible  for  supervising  the  Group's  accounting  and financial management.

Mr.  Ma  served  as  a  vice  general  manager  and  the  chief  financial  officer  of  Dashan  Training  from  May 2014  to  June  2016  and  then  a  vice  general  manager,  secretary  to  the  board  of  directors  and  chief financial  officer  of  Dashan  Training  since  June  2016.  Prior  to  joining  the  Group,  from  July  1996  to October 2001, Mr. Ma worked in the accounting department of Zhengzhou Fourth Grain Oil Food Co., Ltd.* ( 鄭州市第四糧油食品有限公司 ) which is principally engaged in the sales of grain and oil food. From November 2001 to July 2011, he served as the financial manager of Sanquan Food Co., Ltd.* ( 三全食 品股份有限公司 ) (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with stock code 002216) which is principally engaged in the production and sales of quick-frozen foods, and the deputy general manager of  its  subsidiary,  being  Zhengzhou  New  Food  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 鄭州全新食品有限公司 )  which  is  principally engaged in packaging and sales of quick-frozen food and convenient fast food production. From August 2011 to May 2014, Mr. Ma served as the deputy general manager, chief financial officer and secretary to the board of directors of Zhengzhou Howell Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 鄭州豪威爾電⼦科技股份有 限公司 ) which is principally engaged in the sale of agricultural machinery ancillary intelligent instrument (a company listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotation System of the PRC (NEEQ) with stock code 430471).

Mr.  Ma  graduated  from  Nanyang  Institute  of  Technology  ( 南陽理工學院 )  in  the  PRC  with  accounting profession in July 1996 and obtained the bachelor of accounting (specialist starting point) at the China Central Radio and TV University ( 中央廣播電視大學 )  (currently  known as The Open University of China) ( 國家開放大學 ) in the PRC in January 2014. Mr. Ma obtained the certificate of speciality and technology (intermediate level) in accounting granted by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC in May 2004. Mr. Ma also obtained the title of senior accountant granted by  Department of Human Resources and Social Security of Henan Province in February 2024.

Mr. Ma has resigned as an executive Director with effect from 25 April 2022. After his resignation, Mr. Ma remains as executive assistant of the Chairman and continues to support the Group's operation.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

## Mr. Jia Shuilin ( 賈水林 )

Mr. Jia Shuilin (' Mr. Jia '),  aged 55, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Jia joined the Group on 25 June 2016  and  was  appointed  as  a  Director  on  22  March  2019  before  being  re-designated  as  the  nonexecutive  Director  on  9  April  2019.  He  is  primarily  responsible  for  supervising  the  Group's  market development. Since June 2016, Mr. Jia has been a director of Dashan Training.

From March 1998 to April 2009, Mr. Jia was the legal representative, a director and a general manager of Zhengzhou Linhai Motor Repair Company Limited* ( 鄭州林海汽車維修有限公司 ) which was principally engaged  in  provision  of  automobile  repair  services.  From  July  2002  to  October  2012,  Mr.  Jia  was  a director and the legal representative of Beijing Tongyuanruijie Trade Company Limited* ( 北京通源瑞捷商 貿有限公司 ) which was principally engaged in provision of automobile parts and accessories. From April 2003 to November 2015, Mr. Jia was the legal representative, a director and a general manager of Henan Linhai  Motor  Service  Limited*  ( 河南林海汽車服務有限公司 )  which  was  principally  engaged  in  sales  of commercial vehicles. From September 2005 to November 2018, Mr. Jia was the supervisor of Zhengzhou Linhai Automobile Sales Co., Ltd* ( 鄭州林海汽車銷售有限公司 ) which is principally engaged in the sales of  commercial  vehicles  and  automobile  accessories.  From  September  2006  to  September  2011,  Mr. Jia was an operator of Zhengzhou Jinshui Linhai Automobile Repair Shop* ( 鄭州市金水區林海汽車維修 站 )  which was principally engaged in provision of automobile repair. Mr. Jia has served as a manager of Henan Linhai Auto Parts Co. Ltd* ( 河南林海汽車配件有限公司 ) which is principally engaged in the sales of auto parts, auto accessories and hardware since September 2013. From May 2014 to August 2019, Mr. Jia was the supervisor of Zhengzhou Baihe Highway Construction Materials Co. Ltd* ( 鄭州百合公路建 材有有限公司 ) which is principally engaged in sales of road construction materials and equipment. Since July 2017, Mr. Jia has served as the legal representative of Beijing Jingshengfeng Trading Co., Ltd* ( 北京 京盛豐商貿有限公司 ) which is principally engaged in the retail sales of auto parts, hardware and building materials.

Mr.  Jia  graduated  from  Zhengzhou  Institute  of  Light  Industry  ( 鄭州輕工業學院 )  (currently  known  as Zhengzhou University of Light Industry ( 鄭州輕工業大學 )) in the PRC in July 1990 majoring in computer.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Mr. Zhang Jian ( 張健 )

Mr. Zhang Jian, aged 70, is an INED and joined the Group on 18 June 2020. He is mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the Board.

Mr.  Zhang  Jian  worked  for  Henan  Provincial  Commission  for  Discipline  Inspection  ( 河南省紀律檢查委 員會 )  from  July  1982  to  April  2003  where  he  served  as  cadre  ( 幹部 )  at  deputy  division,  division  and deputy provincial department. Mr. Zhang Jian has also worked for the Education Department of Henan Province  ( 河南省教育廳 )  from  May  2003  to  March  2014  where  he  served  as  a  disciplinary  supervisor and an inspector, responsible for disciplinary inspection, policy and regulations, educational supervision, educational information and educational research.

Mr.  Zhang  Jian  obtained  a  bachelor's  degree  in  arts  majoring  in  Chinese  language  and  literature  from University of Zhengzhou ( 鄭州大學 ) in the PRC in July 1982.

## Dr. Xie Xiangbing ( 謝香兵 )

Dr. Xie Xiangbing (' Dr. Xie '), aged 45, is an INED and joined the Group on 16 August 2022. He is mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the Board.

Dr. Xie's main research areas are financial management, corporate taxation and corporate governance. He is currently the deputy director of academic affairs office, a professor in the School of Accounting and a tutor of the master's degree students at Henan University of Economics and Law ( 河南財經政法大學 ). Dr. Xie served as the associate dean of the School of Accounting at Henan University of Economics and Law from April 2016 to September 2021 and a professor in the School of Accounting at Henan University of Economics and Law since December 2016. From November 2009 to December 2016, Dr. Xie worked as an associate professor in the School of Accounting at Henan University of Economics and Law.

Dr.  Xie  obtained  a  bachelor  degree  majoring  in  accounting  from  Tiangong  University  ( 天津工業大學 )  in July 1999, a master degree majoring in accounting from Henan University of Economics and Law in July 2002 and a doctor's degree majoring in accounting from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics ( 上海財經大學 ) in June 2007.

## Ms. Wang Yanxiao ( 王彥曉 )

Ms. Wang Yanxiao ( 'Ms. Wang' ), aged 45, is an INED and joined the Group on 13 February 2023. She is mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the Board.

Ms. Wang has been a partner at Henan Huiding Law Firm ( 河南暉鼎律師事務所 ) since December 2021. During  the  period  from  December  2009  to  July  2016,  she  was  a  lecturer  in  legal  studies  of  Luoyang Institute of Science and Technology ( 洛陽理工學院 ).  During the period from January 2010 to December 2015, Ms. Wang was a part-time lawyer at Henan Daxing Law Firm ( 河南達興律師事務所 ) and she was a lawyer at Beijing Yingke Law Firm, Zhengzhou branch ( 北京市盈科 （鄭州） 律師事務所 ) from January 2016 to November 2021.

Ms.  Wang  obtained  a  bachelor  degree  majoring  in  fine  chemical  engineering  from  Jiangsu  Institute  of Petrochemical Technology ( 江蘇石油化工學院 ) in July 2000. In June 2006, Ms. Wang obtained a master of laws degree majoring in economic law from the Southwestern University of Finance and Economics ( 西 南財經大學 ).

## Ms. Yang Min ( 楊敏 )

Ms.  Yang  Min  (' Ms. Yang ')  aged  47,  was  an  INED  and  joined  the  Group  on  18  June  2020.  She  was mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the Board.

From 2002 to 2006, Ms. Yang served as the vice president of Zero2IPO Group* ( 清科集團 )  (' Zero2IPO Group '),  which  is  principally  engaged  in  investment  and  provision  of  entrepreneurial  and  investment service  platform.  She  was  the  president  of  Beijing  Jingzhunyiku  Marketing  Planning  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 北京精 準億庫營銷策劃有限公司 ),  which  is  principally  engaged  in  big  data  marketing  business,  from  2006  to 2011  and  the  chairman  of  Beijing  Shengdehengyuan  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 北京盛德恒遠科技有限公 司 ),  which  is  principally  engaged  in  product  and  technological  development  and  marketing,  from  2011 to  2014.  Ms.  Yang  returned  to  Zero2IPO  Group  in  April  2014  and  served  as  a  managing  partner.  She is  currently  a  managing  partner  of  Zero2IPO  Group  and  a  chief  managing  partner  of  Zero2IPO  Asset Management, a specialised platform under Zero2IPO Group which is principally engaged in provision of asset management investment services for listed companies and family business. She has also served as a director of each of LingNan Eco&amp;Culture-Tourism Co., Ltd.* ( 嶺南生態文旅股份有限公司 )  (a  company listed  on  the  Shenzhen  Stock  Exchange  with  stock  code  002717),  which  is  principally  engaged  in ecological landscape construction and repair, water project management and cultural and tourism, since January 2016; Beijing Sanhao Interactive Education Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 北京三好互動教育科技有限公 司 ),  which is principally engaged in provision of personalised online learning platform for elementary and secondary school students, since March 2018; Jiangsu Superbio Life Science Co., Ltd.* ( 江蘇蘇博生物 醫學股份有限公司 ),  which  is  principally  engaged  in  research  on  genetic  sequence  and  testing  service, since April 2019; Zhongkeyihai Microelectronics Technology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.* ( 中科億海微電⼦科技 ( 蘇

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

州 ) 有限公司 ),  which  is  principally  engaged  in  smart  chip  design  and  application  services,  since  August 2019;  Mingruisicheng  (Beijing)  Information  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 明銳思成 ( 北京 ) 信息科技有限公司 ), which is principally engaged in the provision of online and offline reproductive health services, since June 2020; Beijing Meiliantaike Biotechnology Co., Ltd.* ( 北京美聯泰科生物技術有限公司 ), which is principally engaged  in  the  research  and  development,  manufacturing,  sale  and  provision  of  in  vitro  diagnostic products, since June 2020; Liantaijiqun (Beijing)  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 聯泰集群 ( 北京 ) 科技有限責任公 司 ), which is principally engaged in the provision of high performance computing products and services, since  June  2021;  and  Pumaide  (Beijing)  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 普邁德 ( 北京 ) 科技有限公司 ),  which  is principally engaged in the research and production of cruor, immunologic and molecular diagnosis related equipment and reagents, since October 2021. From February 2018 to March 2019, Ms. Yang served as a director of Inner Mongolia Hongyuan Agricultural Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 內蒙古宏源農牧業科技股份有 限公司 ) (a company formerly listed on the NEEQ with stock code 832893), which is principally engaged in planting, processing and sales of potatoes and forage, and production and sales of fries. From December 2018 to April 2021, she served as a director of Maihe International Education Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.*  ( 麥禾國際教育科技 ( 北京 ) 有限責任公司 ),  which  is  principally  engaged  in  provision  of  training  of children on English usage and social etiquette. From March 2020 to June 2021, she served as a director of Bozhi Security Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 博智安全科技股份有限公司 ), which is principally engaged in the provision of products and solutions for cyber information security. From May 2019 to November 2021, she  served  as  a  director  of  Chezhubang  (Beijing)  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 車主邦 ( 北京 ) 科技有限公司 ), which is principally engaged in national energy resources procurement platform and energy data provider.

Ms.  Yang  obtained  a  diploma  from  Changchun  University  of  Technology  ( 長春工業大學 )  in  the  PRC  in June 2003 and an executive master of business administration degree from the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business ( 長江商學院 ) in the PRC in September 2017.

Ms. Yang has resigned all duty of the Company with effect from 25 April 2022.

## Mr. Li Gang ( 李罡 )

Mr. Li  Gang (' Mr. Li '),  aged  55,  was  an  INED  and  joined  the  Group  on  18  June  2020.  He  was  mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the Board.

Mr. Li was a teacher in the department of education in Xinjiang Education Institute ( 新疆教育學院 )  from July 1990 to August 1992. Mr. Li has also served in the department of political science in Party School of  the  Beijing  Municipal  Committee  of  C.P.C.  ( 北京市委黨校 )  since  July  1998  and  was  promoted  as  a professor in December 2020.

Mr.  Li  obtained  a  bachelor's  degree  in  education  in  July  1990,  a  master's  degree  in  education  in  July 1995, and a doctor of management in education in July 1998, all from Beijing Normal University ( 北京師 範大學 ) in the PRC.

Mr. Li has resigned all duty of the Company with effect from 13 February 2023.

## Mr. Lui Siu Keung ( 呂小強 )

Mr. Lui Siu Keung (' Mr. Lui '),  aged  52,  was an INED and joined the Group on 18 June 2020. He was mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the Board.

Mr.  Lui  has  more  than  20  years  of  experience  in  the  corporate  finance  and  accounting  industry.  Mr. Lui is currently the company secretary, the chief executive officer and an executive director of Zhongyu Energy  Holdings  Limited  (previously  known  as  Zhongyu  Gas  Holdings  Limited,  a  company  listed  on the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange  with  stock  code  3633),  together  with  its  subsidiaries,  which  is principally  engaged  in  (i)  the  investment,  operation  and  management  of  city  gas  pipeline  infrastructure, and the distribution of piped gas to residential, industrial and commercial users; and (ii) the operation of compressed natural gas or liquefied natural gas vehicle filling stations in the PRC, and he is responsible for  the  management  and  general  business  operation.  From  May  2005  to  March  2015,  Mr.  Lui  was  an independent non-executive director of Asia Television Holdings Limited (formerly known as Co-Prosperity Holdings  Limited)  (a  company  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange  with  stock  code  707), together with its subsidiaries, which is principally engaged in the sales of finished fabrics and provision of fabrics processing subcontracting services and the trading of goods at that time.

Mr.  Lui  obtained  a  bachelor  of  arts  in  accounting  from  The  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic  University  in November 1996. He is an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. Lui has resigned all duty of the Company with effect from 13 February 2023.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Mr. Chan Kwong On ( 陳廣安 )

Mr. Chan Kwong On (' Mr. Chan '),  aged  41,  was  appointed  as  the  Company Secretary, an authorised representative and the process agent of the Company on 21 April 2023.

Mr. Chan possesses approximately 20 years of experience in the audit and accounting industries. Before joining  the  Company,  he  worked  in  two  different  companies  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  for  over  10 years with his last position as a finance manager.

Mr.  Chan  obtained  a  master  of  science  degree  in  accountancy  from  the  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic University in May 2012. He is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

## Ms. Chen Yibei ( 陳⼀蓓 )

Ms.  Chen  Yibei  (' Ms.  Chen '),  aged  36,  was  appointed  as  the  Company  Secretary  and  a  financial controller of the Company on 18 March 2019.

Ms. Chen has approximately 10 years of experience in the accounting industry. She worked in Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, an accounting firm, from September 2011 to February 2019 with her last position as a manager of the firm.

Ms. Chen obtained a master of arts in international  accountancy  from  City  University  of  Hong  Kong  in July  2011. She became a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in January 2015.

Ms. Chen has resigned all duty of the Company with effect from 21 April 2023.

## DIRECTORS' REPOR

The Board hereby presents the annual report of the Group for FY2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company.  Prior  to  March  2022,  the  Group  was  principally engaged in the Academic Education Business. As a result of the promulgation of the Opinion, the Group has completed ceased its Academic Education Business by March 2022. During FY2022, the Group was principally  engaged  in  (i)  the  Non-academic  Education  Business;  and  (ii)  the  Training  and  Consultancy Business.

The  principal  activities  of  the  principal  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  are  set  out  in  note  41  to  the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## RESULTS

The  results  of  the  Group  for  FY2022  are  set  out  in  the  Consolidated  Statement  of  Profit  or  Loss  and Other Comprehensive Income of this annual report.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

A  review  of  the  business  of  the  Group  during  FY2022,  the  Group's  future  business  development prospects  and  an  analysis  of  the  Group's  performance  during  FY2022  are  set  out  in  the  Chairman's Statement and Management Discussion and Analysis of this annual report. The financial risk management policies and practices of the Group are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Group is subject to the following key risks and uncertainties in its operations:

- The Group operates in a highly regulated industry and require licences, permits and/or certificates to operate, and the Group's ability to maintain the existing licences or the ability to apply for new licences may be adversely affected by any new laws, rules or regulations;
- Failure to adequately and promptly respond to changes in the PRC's education systems, admission standards, and/or teaching methods may adversely affect the Group's business;

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

- The  Group  may  not  be  able  to  recruit  and/or  retain  right  talents  to  be  its  teachers  to  render  its services properly;
- Failure  to  continue  to  attract  students  to  enrol  in  its  courses  would  result  in  the  decline  of  the Group's revenue and the Group may not be able to maintain its profitability;
- The Group may not be able to maintain or increase its tuition fees;
- Failure to keep up with technology advancement or changes in learning mode may negatively affect the Group's results of operations;
- If  the  Group  is  not  able  to  renew  or  enter  into  leases  for  its  self-operated  teaching  centres  on commercially acceptable terms at its desired locations, it could materially and adversely affect its business and operating results;
- The Group faces competition in each geographical location in which it operates, which could lead to adverse pricing pressure, reduced operating margins, and loss of market share; and
- The Group's business is subject to seasonal fluctuations, which may result in volatility of its profit.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  protecting  the  environment  and  strives  to  minimise  the impact to the environment by reducing use of energies and other resources. Further information of the environmental policies and performance are detailed in the Environment, Social and Governance Report of the Company.

## COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During FY2022, as far as the Directors are aware, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with the applicable laws and regulations by the Group that has a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group.

As at the date of this annual report, trading in Shares on the Stock Exchange has been suspended as a  result  of,  among  other  things,  the  delay  in  publication  of  the  audited  annual  results  of  the  Group  for FY2022, details of which are set out under the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis Update on Listing Status' of this annual report. The Company is taking appropriate steps to remedy the matters  causing  its  trading  suspension  and  will  use  its  best  endeavours  to  resume  trading  as  soon  as practicable.

## KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHERS

The Group recognises its employees as its valuable assets and the key to business growth and success. The Group provides competitive remuneration package and benefits to employees to attract and retain competent  employees.  The  Group  also  provides  on-the-job  training  and  development  opportunities  to employees to enhance their career development.

The  Group  endeavours  to  develop  and  maintain  long-term  relationship  with  customers  by  delivering excellent works and quality services to them. The Group holds regular meeting with customers to receive customers' feedback to understand their needs and expectation.

The Group has strong and stable relationships with suppliers in order to ensure that quality goods and services  are  provided  to  the  Group.  Suppliers  are  assessed  on  their  performances,  product  qualities, service qualities, non-compliance track records and environmental awareness on an on-going basis.

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING

The Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 15 July 2020 and 200,000,000 new Shares were issued in connection with the offering of the Shares, which comprised of, a public offering in  Hong  Kong  of  20,000,000  Shares  and  a  placing  of  180,000,000  Shares,  in  each  case  at  a  price  of HK$1.25 per Share (the ' Share Offer ').

Gross  proceeds  from  the  Share  Offer  amounted  to  HK$250.0  million  (equivalent  to  approximately RMB225.7  million).  After  deducting  the  underwriting  fees  and  commissions  and  other  expenses  in connection  with  the  Share  Offer,  net  proceeds  from  the  Share  Offer  amounted  to  approximately HK$204.0  million.  As  stated  in  the  Prospectus,  the  Company  intended  to  use  the  proceeds  in  the following manner:

- approximately  60.0%  for  the  expansion  of  the  provision  of  primary  and  secondary  after-school academic education services and self-operated teaching centres network, through organic growth by expanding nationally and in particular in Zhengzhou, the PRC;
- approximately  30.0%  for  the  expansion  of  geographic  presence  and  scale  of  operations  of  the provision of primary and secondary after-school academic education services in the PRC, through strategic acquisitions or setting up joint ventures with quality primary and secondary after-school education services companies in other parts of the PRC; and
- approximately 10.0% for general working capital.

On  29  August  2022,  the  Board  had  resolved  to  change  the  use  of  the  unutilised  net  proceeds  to reallocate HK$70.0 million of the unutilised net proceeds from the expansion of the provision of primary and  secondary  after-school  academic  education  services  and  self-operated  teaching  centres  network through  organic  growth,  and  HK$55.1  million  of  the  unutilised  net  proceeds  from  the  expansion  of geographic  presence  and  scale  of  operations  of  the  provision  of  primary  and  secondary  after-school academic  education  services  in  the  PRC  through  strategic  acquisitions  or  setting  up  joint  ventures to  (i)  expansion  in  education  business  outside  the  PRC;  (ii)  expansion  of  education-related  services, extracurricular  programmes  for  personal  attainment  and  vocational  education  through  strategic acquisitions or setting up joint ventures; and (iii) expansion of education-related services, extracurricular programmes  for  personal  attainment  and  vocational  education  through  organic  growth.  The  Board considered  that  the  re-allocation  of  the  unutilised  net  proceeds  is  in  line  with  the  adjusted  business strategies of the Group to cope with the challenging regulatory environment in the PRC and to deploy its financial  resources more efficiently for generating return to the Shareholders. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 August 2022.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had utilised the net proceeds in the manner as set out in the table below:

| Revised intended usage  Original  allocation of  net proceeds  Utilised net  proceeds up  to 29 August  2022  Unutilised net  proceeds as  at 29 August  2022  Revised  allocation of  unutilised net  proceeds as  at 29 August  2022  Utilised net  proceeds  during the  period from  29 August  2022 to  31 December  2022  Unutilised  net proceeds  as at  31 December  2022  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  Expansion of the provision of primary and  secondary after-school academic  education services and self-operated  teaching centres network through  organic growth  122.4  52.4  70.0  -  -  -  Expansion of geographic presence and  scale of the provision of primary and  secondary after-school academic  education services in the PRC through  the strategic acquisitions or setting up  joint ventures  61.2  6.1  55.1  -  -  -  Expansion in education business outside  the PRC  -  -  -  60.0  56.3  3.7  Expansion of education-related services,  extracurricular programmes for personal  attainment and vocational education  through strategic acquisitions or setting  up joint ventures  -  -  -  50.0  14.4  35.6  Expansion of education-related services,  extracurricular programmes for personal  attainment and vocational education  through organic growth  -  -  -  15.1  1.1  14.0  Working capital purposes  20.4  14.4  6.0  6.0  3.0  3.0  Total  204.0  72.9  131.1  131.1  74.8  56.3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

It  is  expected  that  the  unutilised  net  proceeds  will  be  used  according  to  the  intended  usage  described above by the end of 2025. As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 29 August 2022, the Company expected to utilise the unutilised net proceeds by the end of 2023. As a result of the shift in the business focus of the Group, the Board considered to adopt a more prudent approach in promoting its  business development and resolved to extend the expected timeline of the use of the unutilised net proceeds by the end of 2025.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the Group's results, assets and liabilities for the last five financial years is set out in the Financial Summary of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

There had been no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any listed securities of the Company during FY2022.

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

The Group did not hold any significant investment as at 31 December 2022.

## FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND INVESTMENTS IN CAPITAL ASSETS

Save  as  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  the  Group  did  not  have  any  plans  for  material  investments  or investments in capital assets as at 31 December 2022.

## MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES

Save as disclosed below, the Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during FY2022.

## Acquisition of Henan Zhongzhichuang

On 14 February  2022,  Dashan  Yunxiao,  an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  entered into an equity transfer agreement (the ' Equity Transfer Agreement ') with Bai Yadong ( 白亞東 ) and Zhu Yanjun ( 朱岩軍 ) (collectively, the ' Transferors ') and Henan Zhongzhichuang, pursuant to which Dashan Yunxiao agreed to acquire an aggregate of 60% of the equity interests of Henan Zhongzhichuang at the consideration of RMB1,000,000.

On 22 April 2022, Dashan Yunxiao, Dashan Training, the Transferors and Henan Zhongzhichuang entered into  a  supplemental  agreement,  pursuant  to  which  the  rights  and  obligations  of  Dashan  Yunxiao  under the Equity Transfer Agreement are transferred to Dashan Training.

Henan  Zhongzhichuang  is  a  company  established  in  the  PRC  with  limited  liability  and  is  principally engaged in the provision of vocational training and technical education for adults in relation to computer science  and  information  technology.  Completion  of  the  acquisition  took  place  on  30  May  2022,  and Henan Zhongzhichuang became an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 14 February 2022, 22 April 2022 and 30 May 2022, and note 35 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## Acquisition of KSI Education

On  15  September  2022,  Dashan  International  Investments  Holdings  Limited,  a  direct  wholly-owned subsidiary  of  the  Company,  as  purchaser,  and  Bonus  First  Holdings  Limited  as  vendor,  entered  into a  sale  and  purchase  agreement,  for  the  acquisition  of  (i)  an  aggregate  of  30,600,000  ordinary  shares, representing  approximately  45.75%  of  the  issued  share  capital,  of  KSI  Education  as  at  15  September 2022, and (ii) the shareholder's loan in the aggregate sum of GBP300,000 owing by KSI Education to the vendor, at the consideration of an aggregate sum of GBP5,800,000. Upon completion of the acquisition in January 2023, KSI Education became an associate of the Group.

KSI  Education  is  an  investment  holding  company  incorporated  in  the  UK.  KSI  Education  and  its subsidiaries  are  principally  engaged  in  providing  management  and  support  services  for  private  school businesses in the UK, where as at 15 September 2022, there were two private schools, namely Kingsley School and Heathfield Knoll School, managed by KSI Education in the UK.

For  details,  please  refer  to  the  announcements  of  the  Company  dated  15  September  2022  and  7 December 2022.

## FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for FY2022 (FY2021: Nil).

There is no arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  the  movements  in  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  the  Group  during  FY2022  are  set  out  in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During  FY2022,  the  largest  customer  and  the  five  largest  customers  of  the  Group  accounted  for approximately 11.5% and approximately 37.1% of the Group's total revenue respectively.

During  FY2022,  the  largest  supplier  and  the  five  largest  suppliers  of  the  Group  accounted  for approximately 33.3% and approximately 72.4% of the Group's total direct costs respectively.

None of the Directors, their  close  associates  or  any  other  Shareholder  (which  to  the  knowledge  of  the Directors owns more than 5% of the Company's share capital) had an interest in the major customers or suppliers above.

## TAXATION

Please see the section headed 'Taxation' contained in the Management Discussion and Analysis of this annual report.

## SUBSIDIARIES

The information of the Company's principal subsidiaries is set out in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## SHARE CAPITAL

The Company's issued share capital as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 was HK$8,000,000 divided into 800,000,000 shares of HK$0.01 each.

## PUBLIC FLOAT

Based  on  the  information  that  is  publicly  available  to  the  Company  and  within  the  knowledge  of  the Directors  as  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Company  has  maintained  the  prescribed  public  float under the Listing Rules.

## RESERVES

Details  of  movements  in  the  reserves  of  the  Group  during  FY2022  are  set  out  in  the  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity of this annual report.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company's  reserves  available  for  distribution  to  the  Shareholders amounted to approximately RMB197.7 million (31 December 2021: approximately RMB189.3 million), as calculated based on the Company's share premium and retained earnings under applicable provisions of the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands.

## BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no outstanding loans or borrowings (31 December 2021: Nil).

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report were as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Zhang Hongjun (Chairman and CEO)

Mr. Shan Jingchao

Mr. Ma Wenhao (resigned with effect from 25 April 2022)

## Non-executive Director

Mr. Jia Shuilin

## Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Zhang Jian

Dr. Xie Xiangbing (appointed with effect from 16 August 2022)

Ms. Wang Yanxiao (appointed with effect from 13 February 2023)

Ms. Yang Min (resigned with effect from 25 April 2022)

Mr. Li Gang (resigned with effect from 13 February 2023)

Mr. Lui Siu Keung (resigned with effect from 13 February 2023)

## CHANGES OF DIRECTORS

As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 25 April 2022, with effect from 25 April 2022, (a)  Mr.  Ma  Wenhao  resigned  as  an  executive  Director  and  ceased  to  be  an  authorised  representative of  the  Company and a member of the Investment Management Committee; (b) Ms. Yang Min resigned as  an  INED  and  ceased  to  be  a  member  of  each  of  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Nomination  Committee and  the  Investment  Management  Committee;  (c)  Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun  was  appointed  as  an  authorised representative  of  the  Company;  and  (d)  Mr.  Li  Gang  was  appointed  as  a  member  of  the  Nomination Committee.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

As  disclosed  in  the  announcement  of  the  Company  dated  16  August  2022,  Dr.  Xie  Xiangbing  was appointed  as  an  INED,  a  member  of  each  of  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Nomination  Committee,  the Remuneration Committee and the Investment Management Committee with effect from 16 August 2022.

As  disclosed  in  the  announcement  of  the  Company  dated  13  February  2023,  with  effect  from  13 February  2023,  (a)  Ms.  Wang  Yanxiao  was  appointed  as  an  INED  and  a  member  of  each  of  the  Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Investment Management Committee; (b) Mr. Lui Siu Keung resigned as an INED and the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Investment Management Committee; (c) Mr. Li Gang resigned as an INED and a member of  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Nomination  Committee,  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Investment Management  Committee;  and  (d)  Dr.  Xie  Xiangbing  was  appointed  as  the  chairman  of  the  Audit Committee.

## RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

According to Article 83(3) of the Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board either to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the first AGM after his/her appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election. Dr. Xie Xiangbing and Ms. Wang Yanxiao were appointed as INEDs on 16 August 2022 and 13 February 2023 respectively. As such, Dr. Xie Xiangbing and Ms. Wang Yanxiao will hold office until the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

According to Article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, at each AGM, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an AGM at least once every three years. As such, Mr. Zhang Hongjun, Mr. Shan Jingchao and Mr. Zhang Jian will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The  biographical  details  of  the  Directors  and  senior  management  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed 'Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management' of this annual report.

## CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INEDS

The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules  from  the  following  INEDs  who  have  been  INEDs  during  FY2022,  namely  Mr.  Zhang  Jian,  Dr. Xie  Xiangbing,  Ms.  Yang  Min,  Mr.  Li  Gang  and  Mr.  Lui  Siu  Keung,  and  confirmation  of  independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules from Ms. Wang Yanxiao who was appointed as an INED with effect from 13 February 2023, and the Company considers such Directors to be independent.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT

All  Directors  have  signed  a  service  agreement  or  letter  of  appointment  with  the  Company  for  an  initial term of three years, which may be renewable subject to both parties' agreement. None of the Directors has  a  service  contract  which  is  not  determinable  by  the  Group  within  one  year  without  payment  of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Under  the  Articles  of  Association,  and  subject  to  the  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  the  Directors and officers of the Company shall be indemnified out of the assets and profits of the Company from or against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them may incur or sustain or by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty in their offices. Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force throughout FY2022.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

No Director nor any entity connected with a Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in  any  transaction,  arrangement  or  contract  of  significance  to  the  business  of  the  Group  to  which  the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report.

At  no  time  during  FY2022  did  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  enter  into  any  contract  of significance  with  the  Controlling  Shareholders  or  any  of  their  subsidiaries,  nor  was  any  contract  of significance  entered  into  for  the  services  provided  by  the  Controlling  Shareholders  or  any  of  their subsidiaries to the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions entered into by the Group during FY2022 are set out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

Saved as disclosed in the section headed 'Relationship with Controlling Shareholders' of the Prospectus, none  of  the  Directors  nor  their  respective  close  associates  had  interests  in  business,  which  compete or  likely  compete,  either  directly  or  indirectly,  with  the  business  of  the  Group  that  are  required  to  be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10(2) of the Listing Rules.

## DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

Each of the Controlling Shareholders entered into the Deed of Non-competition in favour of the Company, pursuant  to  which  the  Controlling  Shareholders  have  irrevocably,  jointly  and  severally  given  certain non-competition  undertakings  to  the  Company.  Details  of  the  Deed  of  Non-competition  are  set  out  in the  section  headed  'Relationship  with  Controlling  Shareholders  -  Deed  of  Non-competition'  of  the Prospectus.

The Company has received confirmation from each of the Controlling Shareholders that they complied with the Deed of Non-competition for FY2022. The INEDs have conducted such review for FY2022 and also reviewed the relevant undertakings and are satisfied that the Deed of Non-competition has been fully complied with.

## TAX RELIEF

The  Company is  not  aware  of  any  relief  from  taxation  available  to  the  Shareholders  by  reason  of  their shareholding in the Company.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

Save for the service contracts of the executive Directors, no contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into or existed during FY2022.

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

The  Remuneration  Committee  was  set  up  for,  among  others,  reviewing  the  Group's  emolument  policy and structure for all remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to  the  Group's  operating  results,  individual  performance  of  the  Directors  and  senior  management  and comparable market practices.

## REMUNERATION OF THE DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals during FY2022 are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## RETIREMENT AND EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SCHEME

Employees  of  the  Group  have  mainly  participated  in  a  contribution  pension  scheme  subsidised  by government entities. The Group pays the required amount of contribution, which is based on a certain percentage of employees' base salary, to the scheme on a monthly basis. The Group does not have any other material statutory or committed obligations in respect of the pension scheme.

## EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had 383 employees (31 December 2021: 492). Total staff-related costs,  including  Directors'  emoluments,  was  approximately  RMB23.1  million  for  FY2022  (FY2021: approximately RMB135.0 million).

The  Group  generally  determines  employees'  compensation  based  on  their  qualification,  experience, position  and  performance.  The  Group  offer  comprehensive  compensation  to  the  employees,  including salary  and  performance  bonus,  and  the  Group  has  adopted  the  Share  Option  Scheme  and  the  Share Award  Scheme  to  reward  the  participants  (as  defined  thereunder)  for  their  contribution  to  the  Group. The Group also arranges on-the-job trainings relevant to the employees' job duties to update and further develop  their  skills  and  knowledge.  Pursuant  to  relevant  laws  and  regulations  in  the  PRC,  the  Group participates  in  various  employee  social  security  plans  that  are  organised  by  applicable  local  municipal and provincial governments, including pension, medical, maternity, work-related injury and unemployment benefit plans.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed under the section headed 'Share Schemes' below, at no time during FY2022 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to  any  Director  or  their  respective  spouse  or  children  under  18  years  of  age,  or  were  any  such  rights exercised  by  them;  or  was  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  or  any  of  its  holding  companies  or any of subsidiaries of its holding companies a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

Save as disclosed under the sections headed 'Share Schemes' below, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed during FY2022.

## SHARE SCHEMES

The Company adopted the Share Option Scheme on 18 June 2020. On 14 December 2020, the Board resolved  to  adopt  the  Share  Award  Scheme.  The  number  of  Shares  that  may  be  issued  in  respect  of options and awards granted under all schemes of the Company for FY2022 (being 80,000,000 Shares under the Share Option Scheme and 50,600,000 Shares under the Share Award Scheme) divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in issue for FY2022 (being 800,000,000 Shares) is approximately 16.3%.

## A.1 Summary of the Share Option Scheme

## Purpose

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide an incentive or a reward to eligible persons for  their  contribution  to  the  Group  and/or  to  enable  the  Group  to  recruit  and  retain  high-calibre employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the Group or any entity in which the Group holds any equity interests (the ' Invested Entity ').

## Eligible Participants

Subject  to  the  provisions  in  the  Share  Option  Scheme,  the  Board  shall  be  entitled  at  any  time and from time to time within the period of 10 years after the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme to make an offer to any of the following classes of persons (the ' Eligible Participant(s) '):

- any employee (whether full-time or part-time) of the Group and any Invested Entity;
- any director (including executive, non-executive and independent non-executive directors) of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;
- any  consultant,  adviser,  manager,  officer  or  entity  that  provides  research,  development  or other technological support to the Group or any Invested Entity; or
- any person who, in the sole discretion of the Board, has contributed or may contribute to the Group or any Invested Entity eligible for options under the Share Option Scheme.

## Maximum number of Shares

The  maximum  number  of  Shares  that  may  be  issued  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  shall  not exceed 80,000,000 Shares, being 10% of the total  number  of  Shares  in  issue  as  at  the  date  of listing  of  the  Shares.  As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  total  number  of  Shares  available for  issue/future  grant  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  is  80,000,000  Shares,  representing approximately 10% of the total number of issued Shares as at the date of this annual report.

## Maximum entitlement of each Eligible Participant

No option shall be granted to any Eligible Participant if any further grant of options would result in the Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such person (including exercised and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant exceeding 1% of the total number of Shares in issue, unless:

- such  further  grant  has  been  duly  approved,  in  the  manner  prescribed  by  the  relevant provisions  of  Chapter  17  of  the  Listing  Rules,  by  resolution  of  the  Shareholders  in  general meeting at which the Eligible Participant and his/her/its associates shall abstain from voting;
- a circular regarding the further grant has been despatched to the Shareholders in a manner complying  with,  and  containing  the  information  specified  in,  the  relevant  provisions  of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules (including the identity of the Eligible Participant, the number and  terms  of  the  options  to  be  granted  and  options  previously  granted  to  such  Eligible Participant); and
- the number and terms (including the subscription price) of such option are fixed before the general meeting of the Company at which the same are approved and the date of the Board meeting of the Company for proposing such further grant shall be taken as the date of the grant of such option for the purpose of calculating the subscription price.

## Time of acceptance and exercise of an option

An  offer  of  grant  of  an  option  may  be  accepted  by  an  Eligible  Participant  within  the  date  as specified in the offer letter issued by the Company, being a date not later than 21 Business Days from the date upon which it is made, by which the Eligible Participant must accept the offer or be deemed to have declined it, provided that such date shall not be more than 10 years after the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme.

An option may be exercised in whole or in part by the grantee (or his/her personal representative(s)) at  any  time  before  the  expiry  of  the  period  to  be  determined  and  notified  by  the  Board  to  the grantee  which  in  any  event  shall  not  be  longer  than  10  years  commencing  on  the  date  of  the offer letter and expiring on the last day of such 10 year period subject to the provisions for early termination as contained in the Share Option Scheme. Unless otherwise determined by the Board and specified in the offer letter at the time of the offer of grant of an option, there is no performance target that has to be achieved before the exercise of any option.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## Amount payable on acceptance of the option

A  consideration  of  HK$1  is  payable  on  acceptance  of  the  offer  of  grant  of  an  option.  Such consideration shall in no circumstances be refundable.

## Subscription price for Shares

Where an option is to be granted to an Eligible Participant, the date of the Board meeting at which the grant was proposed shall be taken to be the date of the offer of such option, which must be a Business Day (the ' Offer Date ').

The  subscription  price  of  a  Share  in  respect  of  any  particular  option  granted  under  the  Share Option  Scheme  shall  be  a  price  determined  by  the  Board  in  its  absolute  discretion  and  notified to  an  Eligible  Participant,  and  shall  be  at  least  the  higher  of:  (i)  the  closing  price  of  the  Shares as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotations  sheet  on  the  Offer  Date,  (ii)  the  average closing  price  of  the  Shares  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotation  sheets  for  the  five consecutive Business Days immediately preceding the Offer Date, and (iii) the nominal value of a Share on the Offer Date.

## Period of the Share Option Scheme

The  Share  Option  Scheme  will  remain  in  force  for  a  period  of  10  years  from  the  date  of  its adoption. The remaining life of the Share Option Scheme was approximately 7 years and 6 months as at 31 December 2022.

## A.2 Granted Options

As at 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022, 80,000,000 options were available for grant under the Share Option Scheme.

During FY2022, no share option had been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option  Scheme.  As  at  31  December  2022,  no  share  option  were  outstanding  under  the  Share Option Scheme.

Movements of the share options under the Share Option Scheme during FY2022 were as follows:

| Number of share options  Outstanding  as at  1 January  2022  Granted  during  FY2022  Exercised  during  FY2022  Cancelled  during  FY2022  Lapsed  during  FY2022  Outstanding  as at  31 December  2022  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## B.1 Summary of the Share Award Scheme

## Purposes

The  purposes  of  the  Share  Award  Scheme  are  to  (i)  recognise  the  contribution  of  the  eligible persons  and  reward  those  who  have  made  or  will  make  valuable  contribution  to  the  Group;  (ii) motivate,  retain  and  recruit  high-calibre  personnel  for  further  development  of  the  Group;  (iii) synchronise the eligible persons' perspectives with Shareholders through ownership of Shares; (iv) encourage or facilitate the holding of Shares by the eligible persons; and (v) encourage the eligible persons to work diligently in achieving the strategic planning of the Company and increasing the target value of the Company.

## Eligible Persons

The  eligible  persons  include  the  employees,  directors,  officer,  consultant,  advisor,  distributor, contractor,  customer,  supplier,  agent,  business  partner,  joint  venture  business  partner  or  service provider of any member of the Group or any affiliate of the Group.

## Maximum number of Shares

The  maximum  number  of  Shares  which  may  be  administered  under  the  Share  Award  Scheme shall not exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at 14 December 2020 (i.e. up to 80,000,000 Shares), being the adoption date of the Share Award Scheme. As at the date of this annual  report,  the  total  number  of  Shares  available  for  issue  under  the  Share  Award  Scheme  is 50,600,000 Shares, representing approximately 6.3% of the total number of issued Shares as at the date of this annual report.

## Maximum entitlement of each eligible person

Subject  to  compliance  with  the  Listing  Rules,  there  is  no  maximum  entitlement  of  each  eligible person.

## Grant of Award Shares

The  Board  may  select  any  eligible  person  for  participation  in  the  Share  Award  Scheme  as  a selected  participant  (the  ' Selected  Participant ')  and  determine  the  number  of  Shares  to be  granted  to  the  Selected  Participant.  In  the  event  that  a  Director  is  selected  as  a  Selected Participant,  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  grant  to  such  Director  and  the  number  of  Shares granted thereunder shall be approved by the Remuneration Committee (in each case excluding any member of the Remuneration Committee who is the proposed Selected Participant).

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

No grant shall be made to any Selected Participants and no payment shall be made to the trustee (who was appointed pursuant to the Share Award Scheme) (the ' Trustee ')  and  no  directions  or recommendation to acquire Shares shall be given to the Trustee under the Share Award Scheme in the following circumstances:

- (i) after  a  price  sensitive  event  in  relation  to  the  securities  of  the  Company  has  occurred  or  a price sensitive matter in relation to the securities of the Company has been the subject of a decision, until such price sensitive/inside information has been published in accordance with the Listing Rules and the inside information provisions under Part XIVA of the SFO;
- (ii) on any day on which the Company's financial results are published; and during the period of 60 days immediately preceding the publication date of the Company's annual results or, if shorter, the period from the end of the relevant financial year up to the publication date of the results; and during the period of 30 days immediately preceding the publication date of the  Company's quarterly results (if  any)  and  half-year  results  or,  if  shorter,  the  period  from the end of the relevant quarterly or half-year period up to the publication date of the results, unless  there  are  circumstances  of  the  Company  that  fall  within  the  exceptions  under  the Listing Rules; and
- (iii) in any circumstances which are prohibited under the Listing Rules, the SFO or any other law or  regulation  or  where  the  requisite  approval  from  any  applicable  regulatory  authorities  has not been granted.

## Award Price

The Award Price shall be determined by the Board at its sole discretion.

## Operation of the Share Award Scheme

The Board may at any time during the term of the Share Award Scheme and for the purpose of the trust:

- (i) instruct  and  procure  the  Trustee  to  subscribe  for  new  Shares  either  under  its  available general mandate on the relevant date of Grant or under a specific mandate approved or to be approved by the Shareholders at such subscription price as the Board may direct; and/or
- (ii) instruct and procure the Trustee to receive existing Shares from any Shareholder or purchase existing Shares (either on-market or off-market) at such range of purchase price as the Board may direct or authorise.

## Vesting and lapse of Award Shares

The  Board  may  from  time  to  time  while  the  Share  Award  Scheme  is  in  force  and  subject  to  all applicable laws, determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the Award Shares to be vested or credited. All of such vesting criteria and conditions (if any) and periods shall be set out in the relevant grant letter issued to each Selected Participant.

In case there is any Award Shares lapsed pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the Trustee shall hold such Award Shares subject to future grants to be made by the Board in its discretion.

## Duration and Termination

Unless terminated earlier, the Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years  commencing  from  its  adoption  date.  The  remaining  life  of  the  Share  Award  Scheme  was approximately 8 years as at 31 December 2022.

## B.2 Granted Awarded Shares

During  FY2022,  no  Award  Share  (FY2021:  30,000,000  Award  Shares)  was  granted  to  eligible persons under the Share Award Scheme.

During  FY2022,  an  aggregate  of  14,720,000  Award  Shares  (FY2021:  3,220,000  Award  Shares) had lapsed, among which (i) an aggregate of 4,008,000 Award Shares (FY2021: 3,220,000 Award Shares) lapsed as the relevant grantees under the Share Award Scheme ceased to be employees of  the  Group  prior  to  the  vesting  of  the  Award  Shares;  (ii)  an  aggregate  of  10,712,000  Award Shares  (FY2021:  Nil)  lapsed  as  the  Group's  performance  target  for  FY2021  was  not  met.  The Trustee will hold such lapsed Award Shares subject to further grants to be made by the Board in its discretion in accordance with the rules of the Share Award Scheme.

As  at  1  January  2022  and  31  December  2022,  the  number  of  Award  Shares  available  for  grant under the Share Award Scheme were 53,220,000 and 67,940,000, respectively.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Movements  of  the  Award  Shares  granted  to  the  eligible  persons  pursuant  to  the  Share  Award Scheme during FY2022 are as follows:

| Number of Award Shares  Eligible Persons  Position held within the Group/  connected relationship  Date of Grant  (Note 1 and  Note 2)  Outstanding  as at  1 January  2022  Granted  during  FY2022  Vested  during  FY2022  Cancelled  during  FY2022  Lapsed  during  FY2022  Outstanding  as at  31 December  2022  1.  Directors and their associates  Zhang Hongjun  Executive Director, Chairman and  CEO  14 January 2021  9,800,000  -  -  -  3,920,000  (Note 3)  5,880,000  Shan Jingchao  Executive Director  14 January 2021  1,000,000  -  -  -  400,000  (Note 3)  600,000  Ma Wenhao  Executive Director (Note 5)  14 January 2021  1,000,000  -  -  -  400,000  (Note 3)  600,000  Jia Shuilin  Non-executive Director  14 January 2021  800,000  -  -  -  320,000  (Note 3)  480,000  Sang Xinxiang  Head of remuneration department  of human resources centre of  the Group and spouse of  a cousin of a Director  14 January 2021  1,500,000  -  -  -  600,000  (Note 3)  900,000  Yuan Zhaoxia  Product Manager and spouse of  a Director  14 January 2021  170,000  -  -  -  68,000  (Note 3)  102,000  (Note 4)  -  2.  Employees  Employees  14 January 2021  12,510,000  -  -  -  5,004,000  (Note 3)  3,906,000  (Note 4)  3,600,000  Total  26,780,000  -  -  -  14,720,000  12,060,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. The  grant  was  made  at  nil  Award  Price.  The  closing  price  per  Share  on  13  January  2021,  being  the  date immediately before the date on which the Award Shares were granted, was HK$0.97.
2. Pursuant to the relevant grant letters, (i) 40% of the Award Shares shall vest on the first trading date upon expiry of seven days after the publication of the annual results announcement for FY2021; (ii) 30% of the Award Shares shall vest on the first trading date upon expiry of seven days after the publication of the annual results announcement for FY2022; and (iii) 30% of the Award Shares shall vest on the first trading date upon expiry of seven days after the publication of the annual results announcement for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Award Shares, being existing Shares to be purchased on the open market, will be held on trust for the Grantees by the Trustee which shall transfer the Award Shares to the Grantees on the Vesting Dates and/or pay the Net Proceeds and/or pay the Remaining Actual Selling Price to the Grantees in accordance with the Scheme Rules, if all the vesting conditions specified by the Board in the award letters issued to each grantee are satisfied or otherwise waived.
3. As the Group Performance Target for FY2021 was not met, such Award Shares were not vested on 7 April 2022 pursuant to the relevant grant letters and lapsed.
4. An aggregate of 4,008,000 Award Shares lapsed as the relevant Grantees ceased to be employees of the Group prior to the vesting of the Award Shares during FY2022.
5. Mr. Ma Wenhao resigned as an executive Director with effect from 25 April 2022.

As the Group Performance Target for FY2022 was not met, 30% of the Award Shares granted to each Grantee will lapse on the first trading date upon expiry of seven days after the publication of the annual results announcement for FY2022, according to the relevant grant letters. The Trustee will hold such lapsed Shares subject to further grants to be made by the Board in its discretion in accordance with the rules of the Share Award Scheme.

For further details of the Share Award Scheme, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated  14  December  2020,  21  December  2020  and  14  January  2021,  respectively  (the  ' Share Award  Scheme  Announcements ').  Unless  otherwise  defined  in  this  annual  report,  capitalised terms  used  in  this  section  shall  have  the  same  meaning  as  those  defined  in  the  Share  Award Scheme Announcements.

As  the  above  Share  Option  Scheme  and  Share  Award  Scheme  were  all  adopted  before  the effective  date  of  the  new  Chapter  17  of  the  Listing  Rules  (i.e.  1  January  2023),  the  Company has  complied  and  will  continue  to  comply  with  the  new  Chapter  17  to  the  extent  required  by the  transitional  arrangements  for  the  existing  share  schemes.  The  Company  confirmed  that  it will  continue  to  comply  with  the  new  Chapter  17  requirements,  and  in  the  future  event  that  the Company  wishes  to  make  further  grants  under  the  existing  schemes  and/or  adopt  new  share schemes,  to  make  appropriate  announcement  and  if  necessary  to  seek  Shareholders'  approval accordingly.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SECURITIES

As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company  in  the  shares,  underlying  shares  and  debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  associated corporations  (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO)  which  (a)  were  notified  to  the  Company  and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or (c) have to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

## Interests in the Company's shares and underlying shares

| Name of Director  Capacity in which  the interests are held  Number of  Shares held  (Note 1)  Approximate  percentage  of the issued  share capital  (%) (Note 2)  Zhang Hongjun  Interest in controlled corporation (Note 3)  496,060,800 (L)  62.01  Beneficiary of a trust (Note 4)  5,880,000 (L)  0.74  Shan Jingchao  Beneficiary of a trust (Note 4)  600,000 (L)  0.08  Jia Shuilin  Beneficiary of a trust (Note 4)  480,000 (L)  0.06   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. The letter 'L' denotes a long position.

2. The calculation is based on the total number of 800,000,000 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2022.

3. These Shares are held by Lucky Heaven. The entire issued share capital of Lucky Heaven is legally and beneficially whollyowned by Mr. Zhang Hongjun. Mr. Zhang Hongjun is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Lucky Heaven under Part XV of the SFO.
4. Such interest represents the Award Shares granted to the respective Directors under the Share Award Scheme, details of which are described in the section headed 'Share Schemes' contained in the Directors' Report of this annual report.

## Interests in ordinary shares of associated corporations of the Company

| Name of  Director  Name of  associated  corporation  Capacity in which the  interests are held  Number of  Shares held  Approximate  percentage  of the issued  share capital  (%)  Zhang Hongjun  Lucky Heaven  Beneficial owner  1  100.00  Zhang Hongjun  Dashan Training  (Note 1)  Nominee shareholder whose  shareholder's rights are  subject to the Contractual  Arrangements  13,562,500  42.04  Interest in controlled  corporation whose  shareholder's rights are  subject to the Contractual  Arrangements (Note 2)  13,750,000  42.62  Shan Jingchao  Dashan Training  (Note 1)  Nominee shareholder whose  shareholder's rights are  subject to the Contractual  Arrangements  125,000  0.39   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Dashan Training is controlled through the Contractual Arrangements by, and is treated as a subsidiary of, the Company.

2. These  shares  are  held  by  Houde  Education.  The  entire  equity  interests  of  Houde  Education  is  legally  and  beneficially wholly-owned by Mr. Zhang Hongjun.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  as  at  31  December  2022,  none  of  the  Directors,  chief  executives  of  the Company  or  their  respective  associates  had  any  interests  or  short  positions  in  the  shares,  underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which: (a) were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7  and  8  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO  (including  interests  or  short  positions  which  they  are  taken  or  deemed to  have  under  such  provisions  of  the  SFO);  (b)  were  required,  pursuant  to  section  352  of  the  SFO,  to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) have to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SECURITIES

As  at  31  December  2022,  according  to  the  register  of  interest  and  short  positions  in  shares  and underlying shares of the Company kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO and so far as is known to or can be ascertained after reasonable enquiries by the Directors, the persons (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who were directly or indirectly interested in 5% or more in the shares and underlying shares of the Company are as follows:

## Interests in the Company's shares and underlying shares

| Name  Capacity in which the interests  are held  Number of  Shares held  (Note 1)  Approximate  percentage  of the issued  share capital  (%) (Note 2)  Lucky Heaven (Note 3)  Beneficial Owner  496,060,800 (L)  62.01   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. The letter 'L' denotes a long position.

2. The calculation is based on the total number of 800,000,000 Shares in issue as at 31 December 2022.

3. Lucky Heaven is wholly-owned by Mr. Zhang Hongjun.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Company had not been notified by any person (other  than  the  Directors  and  chief  executives  of  the  Company)  who  had  5%  or  more  interests  and/or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that were required to be recorded in the register pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Save for the transactions contemplated under the Structured Contracts as set out below, during FY2022, the  Group  had  not  entered  into  any  connected  transaction  or  continuing  connected  transaction  which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements of Rule 14A.71 of the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements set out in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## Structured Contracts

The following summarised generally the status of the Structured Contracts adopted by the Group given the PRC legal restriction imposed on the shareholding structure over the business the Group is engaging.

## 1. Background of the Structured Contracts

During FY2022, the Group conducts, (i) through the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, the Academic Education  Business,  the  business  of  provision  of  extracurricular  programmes  for  personal attainment and vocational training and technical education for adults in the PRC; and (ii) through Dashan Training, franchise business in the PRC. The Group had to use the Structured Contracts for  business  operation  because  (a)  the  PRC  laws  and  regulations  generally  restrict  foreign ownership  in  the  primary  and  secondary  education  industry  in  the  PRC;  (b)  as  advised  by  the Company's  PRC  legal  advisers,  foreign  investors  are  currently  prohibited  by  local  regulatory authorities  in  Zhengzhou  to  own  equity  interests  in  PRC  entities  which  are  principally  engaging in  the  business  of  provision  of  non-academic  training  and  vocational  training;  and  (c)  PRC  laws and regulations impose conditions on franchise business. The Company does not hold any equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities in the PRC. The Structured Contracts, through which the Group obtains control over and derive the economic benefits from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities,  have  been  narrowly  tailored  to  achieve  business  purpose  and  minimise  the  potential conflict  with  relevant  PRC  laws  and  regulations.  The  Group  has  entered  into  the  Structured Contracts for the existing Consolidated Affiliated Entities.

<!-- image -->

## Notes:

denotes direct legal and beneficial ownership in the equity interests. ' '

denotes contractual relationship. ' '

' ' denotes the control by Dashan Yunxiao over the Registered Shareholders through (1) the shareholders' rights  entrustment agreement and powers of attorney to exercise all Registered Shareholders' rights in Dashan Training;  (2)  exclusive options to acquire all or part of the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities directly and indirectly held  by  the  Registered  Shareholders;  (3)  equity  pledges  over  the equity  interests  in  Dashan  Training;  (4)  the Individual Shareholder Spouse Undertakings; and (5) Mr. Zhang Hongjun's Undertaking.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## 2. Summary of the major terms of the Structured Contracts

The  Structured  Contracts  were  entered  into  on  12  January  2020  and  a  brief  description  of  the major terms of the Structured Contracts is set out below.

## (1) Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement

The  exclusive  business  cooperation  agreement  (the  ' Exclusive  Business  Cooperation Agreement ') was entered into by and among Dashan Yunxiao, Dashan Training, Jingguang Dashan, and the Registered Shareholders.

Pursuant  to  the  Exclusive  Business  Cooperation  Agreement,  Dashan  Yunxiao  has  the exclusive  right  to  provide  each  of  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  technical  services, management  support  and  consulting  services  necessary  for  the  primary  and  secondary after-school  education  business  and  franchise  business.  Without  Dashan  Yunxiao's  prior written consent, none of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities may accept services covered by the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement from any third party. Dashan Yunxiao has the exclusive proprietary rights to all intellectual property rights arising out of the performance of this agreement.

Pursuant  to  the  Exclusive  Business  Cooperation  Agreement,  the  calculation,  confirmation and  payment  of  the  service  fee  shall  be  processed  in  accordance  with  the  Exclusive Technical Service and Management Consultancy Agreement (as defined below).

## (2) Exclusive Technical Service and Management Consultancy Agreement

The  exclusive  technical  service  and  management  consultancy  agreement  (the  ' Exclusive Technical Service and Management Consultancy Agreement ') was entered into by and among Dashan Yunxiao, Dashan Training and Jingguang Dashan.

Pursuant  to  the  Exclusive  Technical  Service  and  Management  Consultancy  Agreement, Dashan  Yunxiao  agreed  to  provide  to  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  (a)  exclusive technical services, and (b) management consultancy services.

In consideration of the technical and management consultancy services provided by Dashan Yunxiao, each of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities agreed to pay Dashan Yunxiao a service fee  equal  to  all  of  their  respective  amount  of  surplus  from  operations  (after  deducting  all costs,  expenses,  taxes,  losses  from  the  previous  year  (as  required  by  applicable  law), statutory  reserve  and  other  fees  in  accordance  with  relevant  regulations).  Dashan  Yunxiao has the right to adjust the amount of such service fee.

## (3) Exclusive Call Option Agreement

The exclusive call option agreement (the ' Exclusive Call Option Agreement ') was entered into by and among Dashan Yunxiao, Dashan Training, Jingguang Dashan and the Registered Shareholders.

Under the Exclusive Call Option Agreement, the Registered Shareholders irrevocably agreed to grant Dashan Yunxiao or its designated third party an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities directly and indirectly held by  Registered  Shareholders,  for  the  minimum  amount  of  consideration  permitted  by  the applicable PRC laws and regulations, under circumstances in which Dashan Yunxiao or its designated third party is permitted under PRC laws and regulations to own all or part of the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Where the purchase price is required by the relevant PRC laws and regulations to be an amount other than nil consideration, the Registered  Shareholders  shall,  according  to  the  instruction  of  Dashan  Yunxiao,  return  the amount  of  purchase  price  they  have  received  to  Dashan  Yunxiao  or  its  designated  third party, or Dashan Training.

Pursuant  to  the  Exclusive  Call  Option  Agreement,  the  Group  have  the  sole  discretion  to decide  when  to  exercise  the  equity  call  options,  and  whether  to  exercise  the  equity  call options in part or in full.

In  the  event  that  the  Registered  Shareholders  receive  any  benefits  or  interests  in  whatever form  (such  as  profit  distribution  or  dividends)  from  Dashan  Training  or  its  wholly-owned subsidiaries  as  applicable,  the  Registered  Shareholders  undertake  to  Dashan  Yunxiao  that it  will  immediately pay such amount to Dashan Yunxiao or its designated third party free of charge subject to the relevant laws and regulations. If Dashan Yunxiao exercises the equity call options, all or any part of the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities would be transferred to Dashan Yunxiao and the benefits of equity ownership would flow to Dashan Yunxiao and its shareholder.

## (4) Equity Pledge Agreement

The  equity  pledge  agreement  (the  ' Equity  Pledge  Agreement ')  was  entered  into  by  and among Dashan Yunxiao, Dashan Training and the Registered Shareholders.

Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement, the Registered Shareholders unconditionally and irrevocably  pledged  all  of  their  equity  interests  in  Dashan  Training,  respectively,  to  Dashan Yunxiao  to  guarantee  the  performance  of  the  obligations  of  Dashan  Training  and  their respective  subsidiaries  and  the  performance  of  the  Registered  Shareholders'  obligations under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, the Exclusive Call Option Agreement and the Shareholders' Powers of Attorney (as defined below).

## (5) Shareholders' Rights Entrustment Agreement

The shareholders' rights entrustment agreement (the ' Shareholders' Rights Entrustment Agreement ')  was  executed  by  Dashan  Yunxiao,  Dashan  Training  and  the  Registered Shareholders.

Pursuant  to  the  Shareholders'  Rights  Entrustment  Agreement,  each  of  the  Registered Shareholders  has  irrevocably  authorised  and  entrusted  Dashan  Yunxiao  or  any  person designated by Dashan Yunxiao to exercise all of his/her respective rights as shareholders of Dashan Training to the extent permitted by the PRC laws.

These rights include, but are not limited to: (a) the right to attend shareholders' meetings of Dashan Training, as the case may be; (b) the right to exercise voting rights in respect of all matters discussed and resolved at the shareholders' meeting of Dashan Training, as the case may be; (c) the right to appoint directors or senior management of Dashan Training, as the case may be; (d) the right to propose to convene interim shareholders' meetings of Dashan Training, as the case may be.

## (6) Shareholders' Powers of Attorney

The  shareholders'  powers  of  attorney  (the  ' Shareholders'  Powers  of  Attorney ')  were executed by each of the Registered Shareholders in favour of Dashan Yunxiao.

Each  of  the  Registered  Shareholders  has  executed  an  irrevocable  Shareholders'  Powers of  Attorney  dated  12  January  2020,  exclusively  appointing  Dashan  Yunxiao,  or  any  person designated  by  Dashan  Yunxiao  or  their  successors  or  liquidators  (excluding  persons  who are  not  Independent  Third  Parties  or  may  give  rise  to  conflicts  of  interests),  as  his  or  her attorney-in-fact to appoint directors and vote on his or her behalf on all matters of Dashan Training  requiring  shareholders'  approval  under  its  articles  of  association  and  under  the relevant PRC laws and regulations.

## (7) Individual Shareholder Spouse Undertakings

The  individual  shareholder  spouse  undertakings  (the  ' Individual  Shareholder  Spouse Undertakings ') were signed by Ms. Yuan Zhaoxia who is the spouse of Mr. Shan Jingchao and Ms. Peng Xin who is the spouse of Mr. Zhang Junying.

Pursuant to the Individual Shareholder Spouse Undertakings, the spouse of each of Mr. Shan Jingchao and Mr. Zhang Junying, has full knowledge of and has consented unconditionally and irrevocably to the entering into of the Structured Contracts by the respective Registered Shareholders,  and  in  particular,  the  arrangement  as  set  out  in  the  Structured  Contracts  in relation  to  the  restrictions  imposed  on  the  direct  or  indirect  equity  interests  in  the  Group, pledge or transfer the direct or indirect equity interests in the Group, or the disposal of the direct or indirect equity interests in the Group in any other forms. The spouse shall not take any actions to prevent the performances under Structured Contracts.

## (8) Mr. Zhang Hongjun's Undertaking

Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun's  undertaking  (' Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun's  Undertaking ')  was  an undertaking signed by Mr. Zhang Hongjun who currently does not have a spouse.

Pursuant  to  Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun's  Undertaking,  Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun  irrevocably  undertakes and ensures to procure his future spouse to sign an undertaking in the form of the Individual Shareholder Spouse Undertakings.

For details of the major terms of the Structured Contracts, please refer to the section headed 'Structured Contracts - Summary of the material terms of the Structured Contracts' of the Prospectus.

## 3. Risks relating to the Structured Contracts

There are certain risks that are associated with the Structured Contracts, including:

- If  the  PRC  government  finds  that  the  agreements  that  establish  the  structure  for  operating the Group's businesses in China do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, or if  these regulations or their interpretations change in the future, the Group could be subject to  severe  consequences,  including  the  nullification  of  the  Structured  Contracts  and  the relinquishment of interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities.
- The Group may not be able to meet the qualification requirement. If the foreign ownership restriction and foreign control restriction are lifted, the Group may not be able to unwind the Structured Contracts by acquiring the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities before the Group are in a position to comply with the qualification requirement.
- The  Structured  Contracts  may  not  be  as  effective  in  providing  operational  control  as direct  ownership.  If  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  or  their  shareholders  fail  to  perform their  respective  obligations  under  these  Structured  Contracts,  the  Group  cannot  direct the  corporate  action  of  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  as  the  direct  ownership  would otherwise entail.
- The  Group  may  lose  the  ability  to  use  and  enjoy  assets  and  licenses  held  by  the Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  and  their  respective  subsidiaries  and  branch  company  that are  material  to  its  business  operations  if  any  of  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  or  their respective subsidiaries declare bankruptcy or become subject to a dissolution or liquidation proceeding.
- The  beneficial  owners  of  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  may  have  conflicts  of  interest with the Group, which may materially and adversely affect the Group's business and financial condition.
- Substantial  uncertainties  exist  with  respect  to  the  interpretation  and  implementation  of  the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC (the ' Foreign Investment Law ') and how it may impact the viability of the Group's current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations.
- The  Group's  exercise  of  the  option  to  acquire  the  equity  interests  in  the  Consolidated Affiliated  Entities  may  be  subject  to  certain  limitations  and  the  Group  may  incur  substantial costs to enforce the option under the Structured Contracts.
- The  Group's  Structured  Contracts  may  be  subject  to  scrutiny  by  the  PRC  tax  authorities, and  a  finding  that  the  Group  owe  additional  taxes  could  substantially  reduce  the  Group's combined net income and the value of investment.

For further details of these risks, please refer to the section headed 'Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Contractual Arrangements' of the Prospectus.

The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective operation of the Group with the implementation of the Structured Contracts and compliance with the Structured Contracts:

- (a) major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Structured Contracts or  any  regulatory  enquiries  from  government  authorities  will  be  submitted  to  the  Board,  if necessary, for review and discussion on an occurrence basis;
- (b) the  Board  will  review  the  overall  performance  of  and  compliance  with  the  Structured Contracts at least once a year;
- (c) the  Company  will  disclose  the  overall  performance  and  compliance  with  the  Structured Contracts in its annual report to update the Shareholders and potential investors;
- (d) the  Company  will  disclose,  as  soon  as  reasonably  practicable,  (i)  any  updates  of  changes to  the  Foreign  Investment  Law  that  will  materially  and  adversely  affect  the  Company  as and when they occur; and (ii) a clear description and analysis of the updates of changes in Foreign Investment Law as implemented, specific measures taken by the Company to fully comply with the changes in Foreign Investment Law supported by a PRC legal opinion and any material impact on the Group's operations and financial position; and
- (e) the Company will engage external legal advisers or other professional advisers, if necessary, to assist the Board to review the implementation of the Structured Contracts, review the legal compliance of Dashan Yunxiao and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to deal with specific issues or matters arising from the Structured Contracts.

In  addition,  notwithstanding  that  Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun  and  Mr.  Shan  Jingchao,  the  executive Directors,  and  Mr.  Zhang  Junying,  a  director  of  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities,  are  also  the Registered Shareholders, the Company believe that the Directors are able to perform their roles in the Group independently and the Group is capable of managing its business independently under the following measures implemented:

- (a) the  decision-making  mechanism  of  the  Board  as  set  out  in  the  Articles  of  Association includes  provisions  to  avoid  conflict  of  interest  by  providing,  amongst  other  things,  that  in the event of conflict of interest in such contract or arrangement which is material, a Director shall declare the nature of his or her interest at the earliest meeting of the Board at which it is practicable for him or her to do so, and if he or she is to be regarded as having material interest  in  any  contracts  or  arrangements,  unless  in  certain  circumstances  as  expressly stated  in  the  Articles  of  Association,  such  Director  shall  abstain  from  voting  and  not  be counted in the quorum;
- (b) each of the Directors is aware of his/her fiduciary duties as a Director which requires, among other things, that he/she acts for the benefits and in the best interests of the Group;

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

- (c) the  INEDs  comprising  over  one-third  of  the  Board,  to  provide  a  balance  of  the  number  of interested and independent Directors with a view to promoting the interests of the Group and Shareholders as a whole; and
- (d) the  Company  will  disclose  in  announcements,  circulars,  annual  and  interim  reports  in accordance  with  the  requirements  under  the  Listing  Rules  regarding  decisions  on  matters reviewed by the Board (including INEDs) relating to any business or interest of each Director and his/her associates that competes or may compete with the business of the Group and any other conflicts of interest which any such person has or may have with the Group.

## 4. Unwinding of the Structured Contracts

Dashan  Yunxiao  has  made  undertaking  in  the  Structured  Contracts  that,  if  the  PRC  regulatory environment changes, all of the relevant qualification requirement, the foreign ownership restriction and  the  foreign  control  restriction  are  removed  (and  assuming  there  are  no  other  changes  in the  relevant  PRC  laws  and  regulations)  and  foreign  investors  are  permitted  to  hold  100%  of  the interests  in  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  directly,  it  will  exercise  the  call  option  granted under  the  Exclusive  Call  Option  Agreement  in  full  to  hold  all  of  the  interests  in  the  Consolidated Affiliated Entities and unwind the Structured Contracts accordingly. For further details, please refer to  the  section  headed  'Structured  Contracts  -  Termination  of  the  Structured  Contracts'  of  the Prospectus.

During  FY2022,  none  of  the  Structured  Contracts  and/or  its  adoption  changed,  there  had  not been  any  unwinding  of  any  Structured  Contracts,  nor  had  there  been  any  failure  to  unwind  any Structured Contracts when the restrictions that led to the adoption of the Structured Contracts are removed.

## 5. Compliance with the Structured Contracts

The Group has adopted certain measures to ensure the effective operation of the Group with the implementation of the Structured Contracts and the compliance with the Structured Contracts. The Company was not aware of any non-performance of the Structured Contracts or non-compliance with those relevant measures as at the date of this annual report.

## 6. Particulars of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities

Set out below is the registered owners and business activities of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities which had entered into the Structured Contracts with the Group during FY2022:

| Name of the  Consolidated  Affiliated Entities  Registered owners  as at 31 December 2022  Business activities  Dashan Training  approximately 42.62% by Houde Education,  approximately 42.04% by Mr. Zhang Hongjun,  approximately 0.39% by Mr. Shan Jingchao,  approximately 0.16% by Mr. Zhang Junying, and  approximately 14.79% by Dashan Consultancy,  respectively  After-school education  services  Jingguang Dashan  100% by Dashan Training  After-school education  services   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Revenue and assets of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and transaction amount under the Structured Contracts

The revenues for FY2022 and total assets of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities as at 31 December 2022 are set out as follows:

| Name of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities  Revenue for  FY2022  Total assets as at  31 December  2022  RMB'000  RMB'000  Dashan Training and Jingguang Dashan  13,289  230,972   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For FY2022, the revenues of Dashan Training and Jingguang Dashan accounted for approximately 48.0% (FY2021: approximately 98.3%) of the total revenues of the Group.

As at 31 December 2022, the total assets of Dashan Training and Jingguang Dashan accounted for  approximately  86.3%  (31  December  2021:  approximately  90.1%)  of  the  total  assets  of  the Group.

For FY2022, there was no actual transaction amount under the Structured Contracts (FY2021: Nil).

For FY2022, no dividend nor other distribution was made by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to their respective holders of equity interests (FY2021: Nil).

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## 8. Listing Rules Implications and Waivers from the Stock Exchange

The  table  below  sets  forth  the  connected  persons  of  the  Company  involved  in  the  Contractual Arrangements and the nature of their connection with the Group. The transactions contemplated under the Structured Contracts constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company (the ' Continuing Connected Transactions ') under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

| Name  Connected relationships  Zhang Hongjun  An executive Director, the Chairman and the CEO, and one  of the Controlling Shareholders, and therefore a connected  person of the Company under Rule 14A.07(1) of the Listing  Rules  Shan Jingchao  An executive Director and a director of Dashan Training, and  therefore a connected person of the Company under Rule  14A.07(1) of the Listing Rules  Zhang Junying  A director of Dashan Training and Jingguang Dashan  respectively, and therefore a connected person of the  Company under Rule 14A.07(1) of the Listing Rules  Houde Education  A company wholly-owned by Mr. Zhang Hongjun, who is an  executive Director, the Chairman and the CEO, and one of  the Controlling Shareholders, and therefore a connected  person of the Company under Rule 14A.07(4) of the Listing  Rules  Yuan Zhaoxia  The spouse of Mr. Shan Jingchao, who is an executive  Director and a director of Dashan Training, and therefore a  connected person of the Company under Rule 14A.07(4) of  the Listing Rules  Peng Xin  The spouse of Mr. Zhang Junying, who is a director of  Dashan Training and Jingguang Dashan respectively, and  therefore a connected person of the Company under Rule  14A.07(4) of the Listing Rules   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  addition,  Dashan  Consultancy  is  owned  as  to  approximately  99.74%  by  Dashan  Management (which  is  in  turn  owned  as  to  approximately  17.65%  by  Houde  Education  and  approximately 82.35%  by  Mr.  Zhang  Junying  respectively).  As  such,  the  transactions  under  the  Structured Contracts  between  the  Group  and  Dashan  Consultancy  are  Continuing  Connected  Transactions pursuant to Rule 14A.28 of the Listing Rules.

The Company has applied to the Stock Exchange, and the Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent Shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the Structured Contracts pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules; (ii) the requirement of setting an annual cap for the transactions under the Structured Contracts under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules; and (iii) the requirement of limiting the term of the Structured Contracts to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange subject however to the following conditions:

- (1) No change to the Structured Contracts will be made without the approval of the INEDs;
- (2) Save  as  described  in  paragraph  (4)  below,  no  change  to  the  agreements  governing  the Structured Contracts will be made without the approval of the independent Shareholders;

Once the independent Shareholders' approval of any change has been obtained, no further announcement or approval of the independent Shareholders will be required under Chapter 14A  of  the  Listing  Rules  unless  and  until  further  changes  are  proposed.  The  periodic reporting  requirement  regarding  the  Structured  Contracts  in  the  annual  reports  of  the Company will however continue to be applicable.

- (3) The  Structured  Contracts  shall  continue  to  enable  the  Group  to  receive  the  economic benefits derived by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities through (i) the Group's option, to the extent  permitted  under  the  PRC  laws  and  regulations  to  acquire,  all  or  part  of  the  equity interests  in  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  at  the  lowest  possible  amount  permissible under  the  applicable  PRC  laws  and  regulations,  (ii)  the  business  structure  under  which the  net  profit  generated  by  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  is  substantially  retained  by the  Group,  such  that  no  annual  cap  shall  be  set  on  the  amount  of  service  fees  payable to  Dashan  Yunxiao  by  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  under  the  Exclusive  Business Cooperation Agreement and the Exclusive Technical Service and Management Consultancy Agreement, and (iii) the Group's right to control the management and operation of, as well as, in substance all of the voting rights of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

- (4) On  the  basis  that  the  Structured  Contracts  provide  an  acceptable  framework  for  the relationship  between  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  in  which  the  Company  has  direct shareholding, on one hand, and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, on the other hand, that framework may be renewed and/or reproduced upon the expiry of the existing arrangements or  in  relation  to  any  existing  or  new  wholly  foreign-owned  enterprise  or  operating  company (including branch company) engaging in the same business as that of the Group which the Group might wish to establish when justified by business expediency, without obtaining the approval  of  Shareholders,  on  substantially  the  same  terms  and  conditions  as  the  existing Structured  Contracts.  The  directors,  chief  executive  or  substantial  shareholders  of  any existing  or  new  wholly  foreign-owned  enterprise  or  operating  company  (including  branch company)  engaging  in  the  same  business  as  that  of  the  Group  which  the  Group  may establish  will,  upon  renewal  and,  or  reproduction  of  the  Structured  Contracts,  however  be treated as connected persons of the Company and transactions between these connected persons and the Company other than those under similar Structured Contracts shall comply with  Chapter  14A  of  the  Listing  Rules.  This  condition  is  subject  to  relevant  PRC  laws, regulations and approvals.
- (5) The Company will disclose details relating to the Structured Contracts on an ongoing basis.

## 9. Confirmation of INEDs

The INEDs have reviewed the Continuing Connected Transactions under the Structured Contracts and confirmed that such transactions were:

- (1) entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
- (2) conducted on normal commercial terms; and
- (3) carried  out  according  to  the  relevant  agreements  governing  such  transactions  on  fair  and reasonable terms and in the interest of the Shareholders as a whole.

In particular, the INEDs have reviewed the Structured Contracts and confirmed that:

- (1) the  transactions  carried  out  during  FY2022  have  been  entered  into  in  accordance  with  the relevant  provisions  of  the  Structured  Contracts,  and  have  been  operated  so  that  the  profit generated  by  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  has  been  substantially  retained  by  the Group;
- (2) no dividends or other distributions have been made by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to their equity interests holders which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group; and

- (3) the Structured Contracts and if any, any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities during FY2022 under paragraph 8(4) above are fair and reasonable, or more favourable to the Group, so far as the Group is concerned and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

## 10. Confirmation of the Auditor

Zhonghui  Anda,  the  Auditor,  was  engaged  to  report  on  the  Continuing  Connected  Transactions in  accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) 'Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information' and with reference to  Practice  Note  740  'Auditor's  Letter  on  Continuing  Connected  Transactions  under  the  Hong Kong Listing Rules' issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Zhonghui Anda has issued his unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the Continuing Connected Transactions disclosed in this annual report in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, with an emphasis of matter paragraph in relation to the fact that the Company is not required  to  establish  and  announce  an  annual  cap  in  respect  of  the  Continuing Connected Transactions in connection with the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement and the Exclusive Technical Service and Management Consultancy Agreement for the FY2022.

As set out in the Auditor's letter, the Auditor has confirmed that nothing has come to his attention that cause him to believe that the Continuing Connected Transactions:

- (1) have not been approved by the Board;
- (2) were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and
- (3) were  dividends  or  other  distributions  made  by  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  to  their equity interests holders which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.

Save as disclosed above, the other transactions set out in the notes to the consolidated financial statements  of  this  annual  report  either  do  not  constitute  connected  transactions  or  continuing connected  transactions  or  are  exempt  from  reporting,  announcement,  annual  review  and independent Shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## REVIEW BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

The  Audit  Committee  comprises  three  INEDs.  The  Audit  Committee  has  reviewed  the  Group's  audited consolidated financial  statements  and  annual  results  for  the  FY2022.  They  expressed  no  disagreement with the accounting policies and principles adopted by the Group.

## AUDITOR

Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu  (' Deloitte ')  has  tendered  its  resignation  as  the  Auditor  with  effect  from 22  May  2023.  In  its  resignation  letter,  Deloitte  referred  to  its  letter  dated  20  March  2023  to  the  Audit Committee setting out its concerns in relation to the commercial substance and business rationale of (i) certain payments totaling RMB100,000,000 in connection with software development services, (ii) a loan totaling  RMB9,000,000  granted  by  the  Group,  and  (iii)  an  acquisition  of  45.74%  equity  interests  in  an entity in the UK with consideration of GBP5,800,000; and its concerns relating to the validity of training and advisory services revenue totaling RMB13,000,000 recorded by the Group.

The Board has resolved to appoint Zhonghui Anda as the new Auditor with effect from 25 May 2023 to fill  the casual vacancy following the resignation of Deloitte. Zhonghui Anda has audited the consolidated financial  statements  of  the  Group  for  FY2022  and  in  its  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of  its  consolidated  financial  performance  and  its  consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended.  For further information, please refer to the Independent Auditor's Report of this annual report.

Zhonghui  Anda  shall  hold  office  until  the  conclusion  of  the  next  AGM  pursuant  to  the  Articles  of Association. A resolution to re-appoint Zhonghui Anda as the Auditor will be proposed for approval by the Shareholders at the forthcoming AGM.

Save as disclosed, there has been no change in the Auditor in any of the preceding three years.

## PUBLICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON THE WEBSITES OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE AND THE COMPANY

The annual report of the Company for FY2022, in both English and Chinese versions, will be published on  the  website  of  the  Stock  Exchange  at  www.hkexnews.hk  and  the  website  of  the  Company  at www.dashanedu.com in due course and despatched to the Shareholders upon request.

## EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

## Suspension of trading and resumption progress

Trading in Shares on the Stock Exchange has been suspended with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 30 March 2023 and will remain suspended until further notice.

For further details of the background to the suspension of trading and the resumption progress, please refer  to  the  section  headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis - Update on Listing Status' of this annual report.

## Disposal of Shares by Controlling Shareholder

The Company was informed by Lucky Heaven that on 3 January 2023, Lucky Heaven entered into a sale and purchase agreement with a purchaser, INFINITE APEX ENTERPRISES LIMITED (the ' Purchaser '), pursuant  to  which  Lucky  Heaven  conditionally  agreed  to  sell,  and  the  Purchaser  conditionally  agreed to  purchase  from  Lucky  Heaven,  223,960,800  Shares,  representing  approximately  28.00%  of  the total  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company  as  at  3  January  2023.  Upon  completion,  (i)  the  Purchaser held  223,960,800  Shares,  representing  approximately  28.00%  of  the  total  issued  share  capital  of  the Company,  and  became  a  Substantial  Shareholder;  and  (ii)  Lucky  Heaven  held  272,100,000  Shares, representing approximately 34.01% of the total issued share capital of the Company, and remained as the Controlling Shareholder.

For further information, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 3 January 2023.

## APPRECIATION

We would like to thank the management of the Group and all the staff for their hard work and dedication, as well as Shareholders, business partners, students and their families, banks and Auditor for their trust and support to the Group throughout the period. We will continue our efforts to strengthen our business and improve returns to Shareholders.

By Order of the Board Dashan Education Holdings Limited Zhang Hongjun Chairman and CEO

29 July 2024

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICE

The  Company  has  adopted  the  Corporate  Governance  Code  as  the  corporate  governance  code  of practices. Save as disclosed below, in the opinion of the Directors, the Company has complied with the relevant code provisions contained in the Corporate Governance Code throughout FY2022.

Pursuant to Code Provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive  should  be  separate  and  should  not  be  performed  by  the  same  individual.  During  FY2022, Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun  serves  as  both  the  Chairman  and  the  CEO.  With  the  extensive  experience  in the  education  industry,  Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun  is  responsible  for  the  overall  strategic  planning  and  daily management of the Group and is instrumental to the growth and business expansion since the founding of  the  Group. The Board considers that vesting the roles of chairman and chief executive officer in Mr. Zhang  Hongjun  is  beneficial  to  the  management  of  the  Group.  The  balance  of  power  and  authority  is ensured by the operation of the senior management and the Board, both of which comprise experienced and high-caliber individuals. The Board currently comprises two executive Directors (including Mr. Zhang Hongjun),  one  non-executive  Director  and  three  INEDs  and  therefore  has  a  fairly  strong  independence element in its composition.

The Directors believe that the Board is appropriately structured to provide sufficient checks and balance to  protect  the  interests  of  the  Company  and  the  Shareholders.  The  Board  will  continue  to  review and  monitor  the  operation  of  the  Company  with  an  aim  of  maintaining  a  high  standard  of  corporate governance.

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions conducted by the Directors. After making specific enquires to all Directors, each of them has confirmed that they have complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code throughout FY2022.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Overall Accountability

The  Board  is  accountable  to  the  Shareholders  and  in  discharging  its  corporate  accountability,  every Director  is  required  to  pursue  excellence  in  the  interests  of  the  Shareholders  and  fulfil  his/her  fiduciary duties  by  applying  the  required  level  of  skills,  care  and  diligence  to  a  standard  in  accordance  with  the statutory requirements.

## Board Responsibilities and Delegation

The Board is responsible for formulating group policies and strategic business directions, and monitoring business  performances  through  implementation  of  adequate  risk  management  and  internal  control systems. The executive Directors are delegated with the authorities and responsibilities for the day-to-day management  of  the  Group,  operational  and  business  decisions  within  the  control  and  delegation framework  of  the  Group.  The  non-executive  Directors  (including  INEDs)  contribute  valuable  views, professional opinions and proposals for the Board's deliberation and decisions.

The duties of the Board in respect of the corporate governance functions include:

- (i) developing and reviewing the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance;
- (ii) reviewing  and  monitoring  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  Directors  and senior management;
- (iii) reviewing  and  monitoring  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and regulatory requirements;
- (iv) developing,  reviewing  and  monitoring  the  code  of  conduct  and  compliance  manual  (if  any) applicable to employees and Directors; and
- (v) reviewing the Company's compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

The  Board  has  delegated  some  of  its  functions  to  the  Board  committees,  details  of  which  are  set  out below. The Board reserves its decisions to all major matters of the Company, including appointment of new Directors, approval of financial statements, dividend policy, significant accounting policies, material contracts, significant appointments such as Company Secretary and external Auditors, terms of reference of  Board committees, major corporate policies such as code of conduct, and other significant financial and operational matters.

The  Board  is  also  responsible  for  maintaining  and  reviewing  the  effectiveness  of  the  risk  management and internal control systems of the Group. It has carried out review of the existing implemented systems, including control measures of financial and operational compliance of the Group.

The Directors having material interest in the matter shall abstain from voting at such Board meeting and the INEDs with no conflict of interest shall attend at such meeting to deal with the matters. All Directors ensure  that  they  can  give  sufficient  attention  to  discharge  their  responsibilities  to  the  affairs  of  the Company and the Directors have disclosed to the Company the identity and nature of offices held in any public organisation and other significant commitments on an annual basis.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Liability Insurance for the Directors

The  Company  has  arranged  for  appropriate  liability  insurance  to  indemnify  Directors  against  liabilities arising  out  of  legal  action  on  corporate  activities.  Such  insurance  coverage  is  reviewed  on  an  annual basis.

## Composition of the Board

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Board  comprised  seven  Directors,  including  two  executive  Directors, one non-executive Director and four INEDs. As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprised six  Directors,  including  two  executive  Directors,  one  non-executive  Director  and  three  INEDs.  The biographical  details  of  the  Directors  are  set  out  in  Biographical  Details  of  Directors  and  Senior Management of this annual report.

Mr. Zhang Hongjun is the Chairman and the CEO. He is primarily responsible for leadership and effective functioning of the Board, ensuring key issues are promptly addressed by the Board, as well as providing strategic  direction  of  the  Group,  taking  primary  responsibility  for  ensuring  good  corporate  governance practices  with  necessary  procedures  established  and  also  together  with  other  executive  Directors  are responsible  for  the  Group's  daily  operations  and  effective  implementation  of  corporate  strategy  and policies.

The Board composition during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report is as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Zhang Hongjun (Chairman and CEO)

Mr. Shan Jingchao

Mr. Ma Wenhao (resigned with effect from 25 April 2022)

## Non-executive Director

Mr. Jia Shuilin

## Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Zhang Jian

Dr. Xie Xiangbing (appointed with effect from 16 August 2022)

Ms. Wang Yanxiao (appointed with effect from 13 February 2023)

Ms. Yang Min (resigned with effect from 25 April 2022)

Mr. Li Gang (resigned with effect from 13 February 2023)

Mr. Lui Siu Keung (resigned with effect from 13 February 2023)

## Independence of INEDs

The role of INEDs is to provide independent and objective opinions to the Board, giving adequate control and balances for the Company to protect the overall interests of the Shareholders and the Company.

Throughout  FY2022,  there  were  at  least  three  INEDs  and  they  represent  over  one-third  of  the  Board which  represent  a  sufficient  number  as  required  under  Rules  3.10(1)  and  3.10A  of  the  Listing  Rules. Among the INEDs, each of Mr. Lui Siu Keung (resigned with effect from 13 February 2023) and Dr. Xie Xiangbing (appointed with effect from 16 August 2022) has the appropriate professional qualifications in accounting and finance as required by Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.

The  Company  has  received  annual  confirmation  of  independence  pursuant  to  Rule  3.13  of  the  Listing Rules  from  the  following  INEDs  who  have  been  INEDs  during  FY2022,  namely  Mr.  Zhang  Jian,  Dr. Xie  Xiangbing,  Ms.  Yang  Min,  Mr.  Li  Gang  and  Mr.  Lui  Siu  Keung,  and  confirmation  of  independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules from Ms. Wang Yanxiao who was appointed as an INED with effect  from  13  February  2023.  Accordingly,  the  Board  considers  that  each  of  them  to  be  independent under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

Save as disclosed in the biographies of the Directors as set out in the Biographical Details of Directors and  Senior  Management  of  this  annual  report,  none  of  the  Directors  has  any  relationship  (including financial,  business,  family  or  other  material/relevant  relationship)  with  any  other  Directors  or  any  chief executive of the Company.

All the Directors, including the non-executive Director and INEDs, have entered into service agreements or letters of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years and under which all Directors must retire by rotation at least once every three years.

In  compliance  with  Code  Provision  B.1.2  of  the  Corporate  Governance  Code,  an  updated  list  of the  Directors  identifying  their  roles  and  functions  is  available  on  the  websites  of  the  Company (www.dashanedu.com)  and  the  Stock  Exchange  (www.hkex.com.hk).  The  Company  shall  review  the composition  of  the  Board  from  time  to  time  to  ensure  that  the  Board  possesses  the  appropriate  and necessary expertise, skill and experience to meet the needs of the Group's business and to enhance the Shareholders' value.

## INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

All  Directors are aware of their responsibilities to the Shareholders and have exercised their duties with care, skill and diligence, in pursuit of the development of the Group. Every newly appointed Director shall receive a formal, comprehensive and tailored induction to ensure that he/she has a proper understanding of  the  business  and  operations  of  the  Group  and  that  he/she  is  fully  aware  of  his/her  duties  and responsibilities as a director under applicable statutory and regulatory rules and requirements.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company encouraged the Directors to participate in continuous professional development so as to develop and refresh Directors'  knowledge  and  skills  and  to  ensure  that  their  contribution  to  the  Board remains informed and relevant.

The Company regularly circulates training materials or briefings to all Directors in respect of the updates on, among other things, the Listing Rules, the SFO or guidelines, the Companies Ordinance and relevant financial or accounting standards. During FY2022, the respective Directors, namely Mr. Zhang Hongjun, Mr. Shan Jingchao, Mr. Jia Shuilin, Mr. Zhang Jian, Dr. Xie Xiangbing, Mr. Li Gang, Mr. Lui Siu Keung, Mr.  Ma  Wenhao  and  Ms.  Yang  Min,  participated  in  appropriate  continuous  professional  development. Directors  participated  in  the  training  which  included  reading  regulatory  updates,  attending  seminars  or conducting training sessions and exchanging views, and attending director training provided by lawyer.

## Board Committees

The  Board  has  established  four  Board  committees  including  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Remuneration Committee,  the  Nomination  Committee  and  the  Investment  Management  Committee  to  assume responsibilities  for  and  to  oversee  particular  aspects  of  the  Group's  affairs  with  respective  terms  of reference.

All Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and are empowered to obtain independent professional advice at the Company's expense in appropriate circumstances.

## Board Meetings

During FY2022, the Board held 10 Board meetings to review and approve the business strategies and policies of the Group, interim and annual results and the significant transactions of the Group.

Details  of  the  attendance  records  of  each  Director  at  the  Board  meetings  and  general  meeting  during FY2022 are as follows:

| ## Attendance/Number of Meetings  Director  General  Meeting(s)  Board  Meeting(s)  Audit  Committee  Meeting(s)  Remuneration  Committee  Meeting(s)  Nomination  Committee  Meeting(s)  Investment  Management  Committee  Meeting(s)  Chairman  and INEDs  Meeting(s)  Executive Directors  Mr. Zhang Hongjun  1/1  10/10  N/A  2/2  2/2  5/5  1/1  Mr. Shan Jingchao  1/1  10/10  N/A  N/A  N/A  5/5  N/A  Mr. Ma Wenhao 1  0/0  1/1  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/0  N/A  Non-executive Director  Mr. Jia Shuilin  1/1  10/10  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  Independent non-  executive Directors  Mr. Zhang Jian  1/1  10/10  3/3  2/2  2/2  5/5  1/1  Dr. Xie Xiangbing  2  0/0  6/6  2/2  0/0  0/0  4/4  0/0  Mr. Li Gang 3  1/1  10/10  2/3  2/2  1/1 4  5/5  1/1  Mr. Lui Siu Keung 3  1/1  9/10  3/3  N/A  N/A  5/5  1/1  Ms. Yang Min 1  0/0  1/1  1/1  N/A  1/1  0/0  1/1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. resigned with effect from 25 April 2022

2. appointed with effect from 16 August 2022

3. resigned with effect from 13 February 2023

4. appointed with effect from 25 April 2022

Appropriate notices are given to all Directors in advance for attending regular and other Board meetings. Meeting  agendas  and  other  relevant  information  are  provided  to  the  Directors  in  advance  of  Board meetings. All Directors are consulted to include additional matters in the agenda for Board meetings.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During FY2022, there was one AGM convened and none EGM convened.

Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary with a view to ensuring that Board procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations, are followed.

Both  draft  and  final  versions  of  the  minutes  are  sent  to  all  Directors  for  their  comment  and  records. Minutes of Board meetings are kept by the Company Secretary and such minutes are open for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable prior notice by any Director.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The members of the Audit Committee (all being INEDs) during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report are:

- Dr. Xie Xiangbing (chairman) (appointed as a member with effect from 16 August 2022 and appointed as the chairman with effect from 13 February 2023)
- Mr. Lui Siu Keung (chairman) (resigned with effect from 13 February 2023)
- Mr. Zhang Jian
- Ms. Wang Yanxiao (appointed with effect from 13 February 2023)
- Ms. Yang Min (resigned with effect from 25 April 2022)
- Mr. Li Gang (resigned with effect from 13 February 2023)

The  primary  duties  of  the  Audit  Committee  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  assisting  the  Board  by (i)  reviewing  and  monitoring  the  relationship  of  the  external  Auditor  and  the  Group,  particularly  the independence  and  objectivity  and  effectiveness  of  the  external  Auditor;  (ii)  providing  an  independent view  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  financial  reporting  process,  internal  control,  compliance  and  risk management systems of the Group; (iii)  overseeing  the  audit  process  and  performing  other  duties  and responsibilities  as  assigned  by  the  Board;  (iv)  developing  and  reviewing  the  Company's  policies  and practices on corporate governance, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and requirements under the Listing Rules; (v) reviewing the financial information of the Company and ensuring compliance with  accounting  standards  and  reviewing  significant  adjustments  resulting  from  audit;  (vi)  developing, reviewing  and  monitoring  the  code  of  conduct  applicable  to  the  Company's  employees  and  Directors; and (vii) overseeing the Company's financial reporting system and internal control procedures.

The  written  terms  of  reference  of  the  Audit  Committee  are  available  on  the  websites  of  the  Stock Exchange and the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During  FY2022,  three  Audit  Committee  meetings  was  convened  (i)  to  consider  the  independence  of the independent Auditor and the scope of its audit; (ii) to review and discuss the risk management and internal control system of the Group, the effectiveness of the internal audit and risk control management function  of  the  Company;  (iii)  to  review  the  annual  results  of  the  Group  for  FY2021  and  the  opinions and reports of the independent Auditor, and submit the annual results to the Board for approval; (iv) to consider the interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2022, and submit the interim results to the Board for approval; and (v) to review the audit planning report of the independent Auditor for FY2022.

Reference is made to the Company's announcement dated 29 May 2024. Mazars has been engaged to perform to an overall Internal Control Review of the Group for a review period during April 2022 to March 2023 and a follow-up  review  period  during  July  2023  to  August  2023.  The  findings  from  Mazars  have been reviewed by the Board and necessary actions have been taken to address those internal control deficiencies in accordance with the recommendations of Mazars. As at the date of the above-mentioned announcement, the Company has adopted all the recommendations given by Mazars on the findings of the Internal Control Review in relation to the AUP Investigation on the Audit Matters to rectify the internal control  deficiencies.  Mazars  has  also  conducted  follow-up  reviews  with  the  objective  of  independently following up the rectification of the review findings and all recommendations have been implemented. For further details, please refer to the Company's announcement dated 29 May 2024.

After  due  and  careful  consideration  with  all  necessary  financial  information,  and  reports  from management  and  the  external  Auditor,  the  Audit  Committee  noted  that  no  suspected  fraud  or irregularities,  significant  internal  control  deficiencies,  or  suspected  infringement  of  laws,  rules,  or regulations  had  been  found  in  respect  of  the  Group,  and  concluded  that  the  risk  management  and internal control systems were adequate and effective.

The Audit Committee has reviewed with the management and external Auditor the Group's consolidated financial statements for FY2022, including the accounting principles and practices. The Audit Committee endorsed  the  accounting  treatment  adopted  by  the  Company,  and  the  Audit  Committee  had  to  the best  of  its  ability  assured  itself  that  the  disclosure  of  the  financial  information  in  this  annual  report  has complied with the applicable accounting standards, the Listing Rules and the Companies Ordinance. The Audit  Committee  therefore  resolved  to  recommend  for  the  Board's  approval  the  consolidated  financial statements for FY2022.

The  remuneration  paid  or  payable  to  the  Auditor,  Zhonghui  Anda,  for  audit  services  for  FY2022  was RMB1.8 million and non-audit services was nil.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The members of the Remuneration Committee (all being INEDs save for Mr. Zhang Hongjun who is an executive Director, the Chairman and CEO) during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report are:

Mr. Zhang Jian (chairman)

Mr. Zhang Hongjun

Dr. Xie Xiangbing (appointed with effect from 16 August 2022)

Ms. Wang Yanxiao (appointed with effect from 13 February 2023)

Mr. Li Gang (resigned with effect from 13 February 2023)

The  primary  duties  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  (i)  making recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  Company's  policy  and  structure  for  remuneration  of  all  the Directors  and  senior  management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing  remuneration  policy;  (ii)  reviewing  and  approving  management's  remuneration  proposals with reference to the Board corporate goals and objectives; (iii) making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual Director and senior management, and (iv) reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The Remuneration Committee has held two meetings during FY2022 to discuss the remuneration policy of the Group and matters relating to the remuneration of Directors and senior management.

Pursuant  to  Code  Provision  E.1.5  of  the  Corporate  Governance  Code,  the  remuneration  of  the  senior management, including the executive Directors, by band for FY2022, is set out as below:

| Annual Remuneration  Number of  individuals  HK$500,000 and below  2  HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000  2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further details of the Directors' and the five highest paid individuals' remuneration are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The  members  of  the  Nomination  Committee  (all  being  INEDs  save  for  Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun  who  is  an executive Director, the Chairman and CEO) during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report are:

Mr. Zhang Hongjun (chairman)

Mr. Zhang Jian

Dr. Xie Xiangbing (appointed with effect from 16 August 2022)

Ms. Wang Yanxiao (appointed with effect from 13 February 2023)

Ms. Yang Min (resigned with effect from 25 April 2022)

Mr. Li Gang (appointed with effect from 25 April 2022 and resigned with effect from 13 February 2023)

The  primary  duties  of  the  Nomination  Committee  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  (i)  reviewing  the structure, size and composition of the Board, (ii) assessing the independence of the INEDs; (iii) making recommendations  to  the  Board  on  matters  relating  to  the  appointment  of  Directors;  and  (iv)  reviewing the Board diversity policy and make recommendations on any proposed revisions (where required) to the Board for consideration and approval.

The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The Nomination Committee has held two meetings during FY2022 to review the structure, composition, size and diversity of the Board and relevant recommendations were made to the Board, which included the re-election of retiring Directors.

Under Article  84(1)  of  the  Articles  of  Association,  at  each  AGM,  one-third  of  the  Directors  for  the  time being (or,  if  their  number  is  not  a  multiple  of  three,  the  number  nearest  to  but  not  less  than  one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an AGM at  least  once  every  three  years.  According  to  Article  83(3)  of  the  Articles  of  Association,  any  Director appointed  by  the  Board  either  to  fill  a  casual  vacancy  on  the  Board  or  as  an  addition  to  the  existing Board shall  hold  office  only  until  the  first  AGM  after  his/her  appointment,  and  shall  then  be  eligible  for re-election.

## Nomination Policy

The Nomination Committee assesses the candidate or incumbent (including Directors appointed to the Board during FY2022) on criteria such as integrity, experience, skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The recommendations of the Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.

## INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

The members of the Investment Management Committee during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report are:

Mr. Zhang Hongjun (executive Director) (chairman)

- Mr. Shan Jingchao (executive Director)
- Mr. Zhang Jian (INED)

Dr. Xie Xiangbing (INED) (appointed with effect from 16 August 2022)

Ms. Wang Yanxiao (INED) (appointed with effect from 13 February 2023)

Mr. Ma Wenhao (executive Director) (resigned with effect from 25 April 2022)

- Ms. Yang Min (INED) (resigned with effect from 25 April 2022)

Mr. Li Gang (INED) (resigned with effect from 13 February 2023)

Mr. Lui Siu Keung (INED) (resigned with effect from 13 February 2023)

The Investment Management Committee is primarily responsible for monitoring the Group's investment and  conduct  periodical  review  of  the  investments  of  the  Group  and  report  to  the  Board.  In  addition, the  Investment  Management  Committee  is  responsible  for  reviewing  and  approving  the  management's investment proposal and advising on investment policies of the Group.

The written terms of reference of the Investment Management Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The Investment Management Committee has held five meetings during FY2022 to review and discuss the investment of the Group.

## DIVERSITY POLICY

The  Company  notes  increasing  diversity  at  the  Board  level  as  an  essential  element  in  supporting  the attainment of its strategic objectives, sustainable and balanced development. The Company adopted a diversity policy (' Diversity Policy ') which sets out the approach to diversify the Board. The Nomination Committee  reviews  and  assesses  Board  composition  on  behalf  of  the  Board  and  will  recommend  the appointment of new Director, when necessary, pursuant to the Diversity Policy.

In  designing  the  Board's  composition,  the  Board  diversity  has  been  considered  from  a  number  of aspects,  including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  education  background,  ethnicity, professional  experience,  skills,  knowledge  and  length  of  service.  The  Nomination  Committee  will  also consider factors based on the Group's business model, specific needs and meritocracy from time to time in  determining  the  optimum  composition  of  the  Board.  The  Nomination  Committee  would  discuss  and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them  to  the  Board  for  adoption.  The  Nomination  Committee  would  also  deploy  multiple  channels  to identify  suitable  candidates  as  Directors,  including  referral  from  Directors,  shareholders,  management, advisors  of  the  Company  and  external  agents  as  and  when  appropriate  such  that  a  robust  pipeline  of female successors to the Board can be established in the near future.

As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises six Directors, including two executive Directors, one  non-executive  Director  and  three  INEDs,  thereby  promoting  critical  review  and  control  of  the management  process.  The  Board  is  also  characterised  by  significant  diversity,  whether  considered  in terms  of  professional  experience,  skill  and  knowledge.  The  Board  comprises  five  male  members  and one female member with one Director of age 31 to 40 years old, three Directors of age 41 to 50 years old,  one  Director  of  age  51  to  60  years  old  and  one  Director  of  over  60  years  old.  Having  reviewed the  Diversity  Policy  and  the  Board's  composition,  the  Nomination  Committee  is  satisfied  that  the requirements set  out  in  the  Diversity  Policy  had  been  met  and  the  Board  is  sufficiently  diversified.  The Board currently has one female Director, and as such, the Company has achieved gender diversity on the Board level

As  at  31  December  2022,  female  employees  accounted  for  approximately  71.3%  of  all  employees (including  senior  management)  of  the  Group.  Based  on  the  principle  of  talent  orientation  and  in accordance with the business mode and specific up-to-date needs of the Group, and taking full account of the benefits of employee gender diversity, the Company reviews the gender ratio from time to time to achieve the good balance in employee gender diversity. The Group will continue to take opportunities to increase the proportion of female workforce over time as and when suitable candidates are identified.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The  Board  adopted  a  dividend  policy  (the  ' Dividend  Policy '),  the  objective  of  which  is  to  allow Shareholders  to  participate  in  the  Group's  profits  whilst  retaining  adequate  reserves  to  sustain  the Group's future growth.

According to the Dividend Policy, the Board will recommend declaring and paying dividends on an annual basis  up  to  30%  of  the  distributable  net  profit  attributable  to  the  Shareholders  but  subject  to,  among others,  (i)  the  Company's  actual  and  expected  results  of  operations,  cash  flows,  financial  conditions, future prospects; and (ii) all applicable requirements (including without limitation restrictions on dividend declaration and payment) under the relevant laws and the Articles of Association. There is, however, no assurance that dividends of such amount or any amount will be declared or distributed in the future.

Pursuant  to  the  Dividend  Policy,  except  for  interim  dividend,  any  dividends  declared  by  the  Company must be approved by an ordinary resolution of Shareholders at the general meeting and must not exceed the amount recommended by the Board. The Board may from time to time pay to the Shareholders such interim  dividends  as  appear  to  the  Directors  to  be  justified  by  the  profits  of  the  Company  available  for distribution.

The Company will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time, and the Dividend Policy shall in  no  way  constitute  a  legally  binding  commitment  by  the  Company  that  dividends  will  be  paid  in  any particular amount and/or in no way obligate the Company to declare a dividend at any time or from time to time.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Financial Statements and Financial Reporting

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group that give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and the Group and of the Group's results and cash flows in accordance with applicable accounting standards and the Companies Ordinance.

The Directors also acknowledge their responsibilities to ensure that the announcements in relation to the consolidated  financial  statements  on  annual  and  interim  results  of  the  Group  are  published  in  a  timely manner, within three months and two months respectively of the year end and the half-year period end. The reporting responsibility of the external Auditor on the consolidated financial statements of the Group are set out in Independent Auditor's Report of this annual report.

## Going Concern

Given  the  Group  adjusted  its  business  model  and  these  new  businesses  are  at  beginning  stage, the  Directors  still  have,  at  the  time  of  approving  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  a  reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue its operation for the foreseeable future. The Directors consider that the Group is able to continue as going concern as (i) the Group is in healthy liquidity  position,  with  sufficient  bank  and  cash  held  by  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  with  direct or  indirect  equity  interests;  and  (ii)  currently  there  are  no  restrictions  imposed  by  the  government  that will  adversely  affect  the  continuing  operations  of  the  existing  business  of  the  Group.  Accordingly,  the Group continues to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The  Board  recognises  its  overall  responsibilities  for  maintaining  sound  and  effective  risk  management and  internal  control  systems  including  an  annual  review  on  their  effectiveness  for  achieving  long-term sustainable  development  of  the  Group.  The  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems,  under a  defined  management  structure  with  limits  of  authority,  are  designed  for  the  Group  to  identify  and manage the significant risks to pursue its business objectives, safeguard its assets against unauthorised use  or  disposition,  enhance  effectiveness  and  efficiency  of  its  operations,  ensure  the  maintenance  of proper  accounting  records  for  reliable  financial  reporting,  and  ensure  compliance  with  relevant  laws and  regulations.  Such  systems  are  designed  to  manage  rather  than  eliminate  risks  of  failure  in  the achievement  of  the  Group's  business  objectives  and  can  only  provide  reasonable,  but  not  absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Board is responsible for the determination of the Group's risk profile within its acceptable tolerance levels  in  business  operation,  oversight  of  management in the design, implementation and monitoring of overall  risk  management process from risk identification, risk assessment, establishment of appropriate risk  responses  and  regular  risk  evaluation  and  monitoring,  so  as  to  ensure  the  systems  are  effectively established and maintained.

The  risk  management  process  is  structured  from  management  of  the  Group  from  respective  business functions at execution level to the Board, together assisted by the Audit Committee, in decision-making and  monitoring  level.  Management  of  the  Group  identifies,  assesses  and  prioritises  the  key  existing and  potential  risks  through  a  detailed  assessment  process  and  determines  the  appropriate  mitigation strategies  and  control  measures  in  response  of  the  identified  risks.  Ongoing  evaluation  and  monitoring of  the  identified  risks,  respective  measures,  and  results  are  carried  out  and  reported  to  the  Board regularly.  The  Board  at  decision-making  level,  assisted  by  the  Audit  Committee,  reviews  the  risk appetite,  risk  management  process  and  strategies  and  also  the  internal  control  systems  and  provides recommendations for any improvement on the systems on an ongoing basis to ensure risk management effectiveness.

The  establishment  of  the  internal  audit  and  compliance  department  promotes  the  importance  and construction  of  the  compliance  into  the  corporate  culture,  monitors  the  effectiveness  of  the  existing internal controls system of the Group, and provides reasonable assurance to the Board for oversight of the internal control system operated by the management.

The  internal  audit  and  compliance  department  conducts  regular  internal  audit  review  across  principal divisions of the Group, and reports its finding results with improvements directly to the Audit Committee to  ensure  the  internal  controls  are  in  place  and  adopted  properly  and  effectively  as  intended.  The scope  of  internal  audit  review  included  principal  divisions  from  finance  department,  risk  management department,  treasury  department  and  purchasing  department,  etc.  to  ensure  material  controls  have been  covered  during  the  internal  audit  review  process.  Any  matter  or  areas  of  improvement  shall  be communicated to the divisional management and had them followed up on a timely basis.

Upon  review  of  the  report  concluded  by  the  internal  audit  and  compliance  department,  the  Audit Committee and the Board reviews and evaluate the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control system on a regular basis.

As  disclosed  in  the  Company's  announcement  dated  29  May  2024,  Mazars  has  been  engaged  to perform an overall internal control review of the Group. Mazars has identified certain key internal control deficiencies and the Company has adopted all the recommendations given by Mazars in relation to such findings. Please refer to the aforementioned announcement for further details.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company formulated the inside information policy. The Company regularly reminds the Directors and employees about due compliance with all policies regarding the inside information. Also, the Company keeps  Directors,  senior  management  and  employees  appraised  of  the  latest  regulatory  updates.  The Company  shall  prepare  or  update  appropriate  guidelines  or  policies  to  ensure  the  compliance  with regulatory requirements. Procedures for collection, evaluation of information and the publication manner are in place to ensure timely reporting of the inside information to the Board and the stakeholders of the Group.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Chen Yibei was appointed as the Company Secretary and the financial controller of the Company on  18  March  2019.  She  has  resigned  as  the  Company  Secretary  and  the  financial  controller  of  the Company with effect from 21 April 2023 due to her other personal commitments which require more of her  dedication.  Following  her  resignation  as  the  Company  Secretary,  Ms.  Chen  also  ceased  to  be  an authorised  representative  and  the  process  agent  of  the  Company.  Ms.  Chen  has  confirmed  that  she has no disagreement with the Board and there are no matters relating to her resignation of the above positions that need to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders or the Stock Exchange.

Ms. Chen has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during FY2022 in compliance with the requirement under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

Mr.  Chan  Kwong  On  has  been  appointed  as  the  Company  Secretary,  an  authorised  representative and the process agent of the Company with effect from 21 April 2023. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 21 April 2023.

## SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

## Communication Policy

The Board considers that having active communications with the Shareholders and investors is important and  this  will  enhance  transparency  and  clarity  in  public  disclosures  by  the  Company.  Any  significant events  of  the  Group  fall  to  be  disclosed  will  be  published  in  a  timely,  accurate  and  complete  manner through  the  websites  of  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange,  so  as  to  safeguard  the  Shareholders' rights  of  information  and  participation.  The  Board  considers  that  AGM  is  an  important  opportunity  for direct  communication with the Shareholders. The notice of the AGM together with relevant documents will  be  sent  out  to  the  Shareholders  at  least  21  clear  days  prior  to  the  date  on  which  the  AGM  will  be held. The notice contains details on the procedures for voting by poll as well as other relevant information related to the proposed resolutions.

The  Company  keeps  on  promoting  investor  relations  and  enhancing  communication  with  the  existing Shareholders  and  potential  investors.  It  welcomes  suggestions  from  investors,  stakeholders  and the  public.  The  Company  has  reviewed  the  implementation  and  effectiveness  of  its  shareholders' communication  policy  for  FY2022.  Having  considered  that  effective  shareholders  communication channels  are  in  place  and  shareholders  are  provided  with  regular  updates  of  the  Group's  financial performance,  strategic  direction  and  material  business  development  through  public  disclosures, the  Board  is  of  view  that  the  Company  has  established  an  effective  communication  channel  with Shareholders  and  considers  that  the  Company's  shareholders'  communication  policy  and  its implementation are effective.

## AGM

The  Board  and  senior  management  are  well  aware  of  their  important  tasks  of  acting  on  behalf  of  the interests  of  all  the  Shareholders  and  raising  the  Shareholders'  returns.  The  Board  encourages  all  the Shareholders  to  participate  in  the  forthcoming  AGM  where  the  members  of  the  Board  and  external Auditor will be present and communicate with the Shareholders.

## Shareholders' Rights

The  general  meetings  of  the  Company  provide  an  opportunity  for  communication  between  the Shareholders and the Board. An AGM shall be held in each year and at the place as may be determined by the Board. Each general meeting, other than an AGM, shall be called an EGM.

## (1) Procedures for Shareholders to convene an EGM

- (a) Any one or more Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition in aggregate not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company may by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business or resolution  specified  in  such  requisition;  and  such  meeting  shall  be  held  within  two  months after the deposit of such requisition.
- (b) If  within  21  days  of  such  deposit  the  Board  fails  to  proceed  to  convene  such  meeting,  the requisitionist(s)  himself  (themselves)  may  do  so  in  the  same  manner,  and  all  reasonable expenses  incurred  by  the  requisitionist(s)  as  a  result  of  the  failure  of  the  Board  shall  be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## (2) Shareholders' enquiries to the Board

Shareholders  may  direct  their  queries  regarding  their  shareholdings,  share  transfer/registration, payment  of  dividend  and  change  of  correspondence  address  to  the  Hong  Kong  Branch  Share Registrar,  Tricor  Investor  Services  Limited,  at  17/F,  Far  East  Finance  Centre,  16  Harcourt  Road, Hong Kong.

Shareholders  may  make  enquiries  in  respect  of  the  Company  at  the  principal  place  of  business of  the  Company  in  Hong  Kong  at  Unit  3508,  35/F,  Shun  Tak  Centre  -  West  Tower,  168-200 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong for the attention of the Company Secretary, or by email at cosec@dashanedu.com.

## (3) Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals at Shareholders' Meeting

- (a) Proposal  for  election  of  a  person  other  than  a  Director  as  a  Director: Pursuant  to Article 85 of the Articles of Association, a Shareholder who wishes to propose a person other than  a  retiring  Director  for  election  to  the  office  of  Director  at  any  general  meeting  should lodge (i) a notice in writing by him/her/it (other than the person to be proposed) of his/her/ its  intention  to  propose that person for election as a Director; and (ii) a notice in writing by that person of his/her willingness to be elected, at either (a) the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong at Unit 3508, 35/F, Shun Tak Centre - West Tower, 168-200 Connaught  Road  Central,  Sheung  Wan,  Hong  Kong,  or  (b)  the  Hong  Kong  Branch  Share Registrar,  Tricor  Investor  Services  Limited,  at  17/F,  Far  East  Finance  Centre,  16  Harcourt Road, Hong Kong. The period for lodgement of the notices mentioned above will commence on  the  day  after  the  despatch  of  the  notice  of  the  general  meeting  appointed  for  such election and end no later than seven days prior to the date of such general meeting and the minimum length of the period during which such notices to the Company may be given will be at least seven days.
- (b) Other  proposals: If  a  Shareholder  wishes  to  make  other  proposals  (the  ' Proposal(s) ') at  a  general  meeting,  he/she/it  may  lodge  a  written  request,  duly  signed,  at  the  principal place  of  business  of  the  Company  in  Hong  Kong  at  Unit  3508,  35/F,  Shun  Tak  Centre  West Tower, 168-200 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong marked for the attention of the Company Secretary.

The identity  of  the  Shareholder  and  his/her/its  request  will  be  verified  with  the  Hong  Kong Branch  Share  Registrar  and  upon  confirmation  by  the  Hong  Kong  Branch  Share  Registrar that the request is proper and in order, and is made by a Shareholder, the Board will in its sole discretion decide whether the Proposal(s) may be included in the agenda for the general meeting to be set out in the notice of meeting.

The  notice  period  to  be  given  to  all  the  Shareholders  for  consideration  of  the  Proposal(s) made by the Shareholders concerned at the general meeting varies according to the nature of the Proposal(s) as follows:

- (1) Notice of not less than 21 clear days in writing if the Proposal(s) require(s) approval in an AGM.
- (2) Notice of not less than 14 clear days in writing if the Proposal(s) require(s) approval by way of an ordinary resolution in an EGM.

## Disclaimer

The contents of the section headed 'Shareholders' Rights' are for reference and disclosure compliance purposes  only.  The  information  does  not  represent  and  should  not  be  regarded  as  legal  or  other professional  advice  from  the  Company  to  the  Shareholders.  Shareholders  should  seek  their  own independent legal or other professional advice as to their rights as Shareholders. The Company disclaims all  liabilities  and  losses  incurred  by  the  Shareholders  in  reliance  on  any  contents  of  the  section  headed 'Shareholders' Rights'.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

A  special  resolution  was  passed  by  the  Shareholders  at  the  AGM  held  on  10  June  2022,  upon  which the  Company's second amended and restated memorandum of association and articles of association has  taken  effect,  in  order  to  (i)  reflect  and  comply  with  the  core  shareholder  protection  standards  set out in Appendix A1 to the Listing Rules; (ii) reflect certain amendments in the applicable laws of Cayman Islands;  and  (iii)  make  other  consequential  and  housekeeping  changes.  For  details,  please  refer  to  the circular of the Company dated 10 May 2022.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF DASHAN EDUCATION HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Dashan  Education  Holdings  Limited  (the ' Company ')  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  ' Group ')  set  out  on  pages  87  to  197, which  comprise  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  the consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income,  consolidated  statement  of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  of  its  consolidated  financial  performance  and  its consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting Standards  (' HKFRSs ')  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (' HKICPA ') and  have  been  properly  prepared  in  compliance  with  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (' HKSAs ') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the ' Code '), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were  addressed  in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Key audit matters

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

## Revenue recognition - Occurrence of tuition fees income

We identified revenue in relation to the occurrence of the tuition fees income as a key audit matter due to the significance of the balance in the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and large volume of transactions processed in the current year.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, tuition fees income amounted to RMB19,127,000 of which details are included in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.

Our audit procedures included, among others:

- Understanding of relevant controls of the Group over the admission of students, collection of tuition fees and recognition of revenue and evaluating the operating effectiveness of key controls governing the recognition of revenue;
- Reviewing whether the revenue from tuition fees income are recognised in accordance with HKFRS 15;
- Checking, on a sample basis, the attendance records for the occurrence of revenue;
- Checking, on a sample basis, the payment records and tracing to the payment remittance receipts; and
- Performing detail analysis of tuition fees income based on expectations derived from attendance records and historical revenue patterns, following up significant variances from our expectations.

We consider the Group's revenue recognition in relation to the occurrence of tuition fees income is supported by the available evidence.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## Key audit matters

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of goodwill and other non-financial assets including property, plant and equipment, investment properties and other intangible assets

Refer to Notes 14, 15, 16 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements

The Group tested the amount of goodwill and other non-financial assets for impairment. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had goodwill of approximately RMB7,206,000 and other nonfinancial assets of approximately RMB38,905,000 in which property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) of approximately RMB26,990,000, investment properties of approximately RMB4,845,000 and other intangible assets of approximately RMB7,070,000. This annual impairment test is significant to our audit because the balance of goodwill and other nonfinancial assets of approximately RMB46,111,000 as at 31 December 2022 is material to the consolidated financial statements. In addition, the Group's impairment test involves application of judgement and is based on assumptions and estimates.

Our audit procedures included, among others:

- Assessing the identification of the relevant cash-generating units;
- Assessing the arithmetical accuracy of the value-in-use and fair value less costs of disposal calculations;
- Comparing the actual cash flows with the cash flow projections;
- Assessing the reasonableness of the key assumptions (including revenue growth, profit margins, terminal growth rates and discount rates);
- Where applicable, obtaining the external valuation reports and meeting with the external valuer, to discuss and challenge the valuation process, methodologies used and market evidence to support significant judgments and assumptions applied in the valuation model; and
- Checking input data to supporting evidence.

We consider that the Group's impairment assessment of goodwill and other non-financial assets attributable to the relevant cash-generating units is supported by the available evidence.

## OTHER INFORMATION

The  directors  of  the  Company  (the  ' Directors ')  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other information  comprises  all  the  information  in  the  Company's  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the  consolidated  financial  statements  or  our  knowledge  obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as  a  whole  are  free  from  material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an auditor's  report  that  includes  our  opinion.  We  report  our  opinion  solely  to  you,  as  a  body,  and  for  no other  purpose.  We  do  not  assume  responsibility  towards  or  accept  liability  to  any  other  person  for the  contents  of  this  report.  Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with  HKSAs  will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it exists.  Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is located at the HKICPA's website at:

http://www.hkicpa.org.hk/en/Standards-setting/Standards/Our-views/auditre

This description forms part of our auditor's report.

## ZHONGHUI ANDA CPA Limited

Certified Public Accountants Pang Hon Chung Audit Engagement Director Practising Certificate Number P05988

Hong Kong, 29 July 2024

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT O AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE IN

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  6  27,674  352,874  Cost of sales and services rendered  (18,717)  (235,440)  Gross profit  8,957  117,434  Other income  7  2,534  8,123  Other gains and losses, net  7  (2,722)  (70,275)  Selling and marketing expenses  (1,601)  (13,687)  Content and information technology development and training  expenses  (13,491)  (29,716)  Administrative expenses  (24,728)  (60,438)  Share of results of an associate  (140)  -  Finance costs  8  (230)  (7,174)  Loss before tax  (31,421)  (55,733)  Income tax credit/(expense)  9  18  (1,063)  Loss for the year  10  (31,403)  (56,796)  Other comprehensive expenses:  Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Fair value loss on equity instruments at fair value through other  comprehensive income ('  FVTOCI  ')  -  (5,000)  Total comprehensive expense for the year  (31,403)  (61,796)  Loss for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (30,548)  (56,423)  Non-controlling interests  (855)  (373)  (31,403)  (56,796)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  RMB'000  RMB'000  Total comprehensive expense attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (30,548)  (61,423)  Non-controlling interests  (855)  (373)  (31,403)  (61,796)  Loss per share  13  - Basic and diluted (RMB cents)  (3.96)  (7.31)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMEN FINANCIAL POSITIO

As at 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  14  26,990  36,373  Investment properties  15  4,845  4,951  Goodwill  16  7,206  -  Interest in an associate  17  -  -  Other intangible assets  18  7,070  -  Debt instruments at FVTOCI  21  7,712  23,135  Long-term deposits and prepayments  23  73,714  -  Rental deposits  24  195  92  127,732  64,551  Current assets  Inventories  20  236  14  Trade receivables  22  9,278  -  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  24  27,827  5,132  Loan receivable  25  9,000  -  Bank balances and cash  26  94,961  259,844  141,302  264,990  Current liabilities  Trade payables  27  -  259  Other payables and accrued charges  28  26,586  14,841  Contract liabilities  29  15,372  44,921  Tax liabilities  114  -  Lease liabilities  30  3,875  5,280  45,947  65,301  Net current assets  95,355  199,689  Total assets less current liabilities  223,087  264,240   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  30  6,130  17,477  Deferred tax liabilities  19  1,767  -  7,897  17,477  Net assets  215,190  246,763  Capital and reserves  Share capital  31  7,223  7,223  Reserves  209,289  239,913  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  216,512  247,136  Non-controlling interests  (1,322)  (373)  Total equity  215,190  246,763   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements on pages 87 to 197 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 29 July 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:

Zhang Hongjun DIRECTOR

Shan Jingchao DIRECTOR

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMEN CHANGES IN EQUIT

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Share  capital  Share  premium  Other  reserve  Shares held  under share  award  scheme  Investment  revaluation  reserve  Capital  surplus  Statutory  surplus  reserve  Retained  profits/  (accumulated  losses)  Subtotal  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (note 31)  (note ii)  (note 33)  (note i)  At 1 January 2021  7,223  237,106  32,260  -  -  1,443  13,365  42,906  334,303  -  334,303  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (56,423)  (56,423)  (373)  (56,796)  Other comprehensive expense  for the year  -  -  -  -  (5,000)  -  -  -  (5,000)  -  (5,000)  Total comprehensive expense  for the year  -  -  -  -  (5,000)  -  -  (56,423)  (61,423)  (373)  (61,796)  Purchase of shares under  share award scheme  -  -  -  (25,744)  -  -  -  -  (25,744)  -  (25,744)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  7,223  237,106  32,260  (25,744)  (5,000)  1,443  13,365  (13,517)  247,136  (373)  246,763  Loss and total comprehensive  expense for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (30,548)  (30,548)  (855)  (31,403)  Acquisition of subsidiaries  (note 35)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (500)  (500)  Acquisition of additional  interest in a subsidiary  from non-controlling  interests (note iii)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (76)  (76)  76  -  Capital contribution from non-  controlling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  230  230  Deregistration of a subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  100  100  At 31 December 2022  7,223  237,106  32,260  (25,744)  (5,000)  1,443  13,365  (44,141)  216,512  (1,322)  215,190   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Attributable to owners of the Company

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 December 2022

Notes:

- (i) Pursuant to the Articles of  Association  of  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  (as  defined  in  note  1)  in  the  People's  Republic  of China (the ' PRC '),  it  requires  the  appropriation  of  10%  of  their  profit  after  tax  determined  under  the  relevant  accounting principles  and  financial  regulations  applicable  to  companies  established  in  the  PRC  each  year  to  the  statutory  surplus reserve until the balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. The statutory surplus reserve shall only be used for making up losses, capitalisation into registered capital and expansion of the production and operation.
- (ii) Amounts represent the transfer of the combined paid-in capital of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities (as defined in note 2) to  the  merger  reserve  upon the Company became the holding company of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities which was effective from the date of Contractual Arrangements (as defined in note 2).
- (iii) During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group injected additional capital into Zhengzhou Dashan Guangxiao Study Abroad Service Company Limited* ( 鄭州大⼭廣效留學服務有限公司 )  (' Zhengzhou Dashan Guangxiao '),  a  subsidiary of the Company. Upon the completion of the capital injection, the Group's equity interests in Zhengzhou Dashan Guangxiao increased  from  51%  to  77%.  The  credit  amount  of  RMB76,000  represents  adjustment  to  the  non-controlling  interest  in Zhengzhou Dashan Guangxiao as a result of the capital injection.
* The English name is for identification purpose only.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMEN CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Loss before tax  (31,421)  (55,733)  Adjustments for:  Bank interest income  (345)  (5,577)  Share of results of an associate  140  -  Interest income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  ('  FVTPL  ')  -  (610)  Interest income from debt instruments at FVTOCI  (700)  (358)  Finance costs  230  7,174  (Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (363)  48,458  Amortisation of other intangible assets  416  -  Depreciation of investment properties  106  106  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use  assets for buildings)  4,659  93,240  Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment  12,866  27,615  (Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment loss recognised on other  receivables, net of reversal  (255)  2,341  Impairment loss recognised on trade receivables, net of reversal  1,670  -  (Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment loss recognised in respect of  debt instruments at FVTOCI  (929)  1,393  Impairment loss on interest in an associate  360  -  Gain on derecognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities  (8,829)  (11,288)  Imputed interest income from rental deposits  -  (56)  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  (21)  -  (Reversal of write-down)/write-down for inventories  (6,390)  7,348  Unrealised foreign exchange (gains)/losses, net  (1,028)  1,415  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  (29,834)  115,468  Decrease in inventories  6,168  1,994  Increase in prepayments, deposits and other receivables  (21,642)  (898)  Increase in trade receivables  (8,957)  -  Decrease in trade payables  (259)  (772)  Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accrued charges  9,716  (16,285)  Decrease in contract liabilities  (30,551)  (147,789)  Cash used in operations  (75,359)  (48,282)  Income tax refunded/(paid)  1  (3,933)  NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES  (75,358)  (52,215)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Bank interest received  345  5,577  Interest received from debt instruments at FVTOCI  700  -  Net cash outflows from acquisition of subsidiaries (note 35)  (12,350)  -  Income from financial assets at FVTPL received  -  610  Refund of rental deposits upon early termination of leases  -  3,431  Payment of rental deposits  (83)  (566)  Purchases of property, plant and equipment  (12,174)  (34,625)  Purchases of debt instruments at FVTOCI  -  (25,033)  Deposits paid for proposed investments and acquisitions  (72,047)  -  Advance of loan  (9,000)  -  Investment in an associate  (500)  -  Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment  462  1,542  Proceeds on redemption on debt instruments at FVTOCI  16,666  10,000  Placement of time deposits with original maturity over three months  -  (157,000)  Withdrawal of time deposits with original maturity over three months  -  276,700  NET CASH (USED IN)/FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  (87,981)  80,636  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Capital contribution from non-controlling interests  230  -  Interest paid  (230)  (7,174)  Payments of lease liabilities  (1,673)  (34,416)  Purchase of shares under share award scheme  -  (25,744)  NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (1,673)  (67,334)  NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (165,012)  (38,913)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR  259,844  299,667  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  129  (910)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR  94,961  259,844  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR,  REPRESENTED BY:  Bank balances and cash  94,961  259,844   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDA FINANCIAL STATEMEN

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

Dashan Education Holdings Limited (the ' Company ') was incorporated as an exempted company with  limited  liability  in  the  Cayman  Islands  under  the  Companies  Law  Act  of  the  Cayman  Islands on 30 November 2018 and its shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ') on 15 July 2020 (the ' Listing '). The addresses of the Company's registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and the principal places of business in Hong Kong and PRC are Unit 3508,  35/F,  Shun  Tak  Centre  -  West  Tower,  168-200  Connaught  Road  Central,  Sheung  Wan, Hong Kong and 19th Floor, Guoxin Plaza, Crossroad of Zhongzhou Avenue and Minghong Road, Jinshui District, Zhengzhou, Henan Province, the PRC, respectively.

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Prior to the Double Reduction Policy (as  defined  below)  imposed  by  the  PRC  Government  in  2021,  the  subsidiaries  of  the  Company (together with the Company, collectively referred to as the ' Group ') were principally engaged in the provision of primary and secondary after-school tutoring services in the PRC (the ' AST Services ').

In  2021,  the  PRC  Government  imposed  a  series  of  reforms  to  the  PRC  after-school  education industry (collectively, the ' Double Reduction Policy ') which have a significant impact on the then principal business of the Group. Such reforms include, on 24 July 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee ( 中共中央辦公廳 ) and the General Office of the State Council ( 國務院辦公廳 ) jointly issued the 'Opinions on Further Alleviating the Burden of Homework and After-School Training Tutoring for Students in Compulsory Education Stage' ( 《關於進⼀步減輕 義務教育階段學生作業負擔和校外培訓負擔的意見》 ). By March 2022, the Group terminated its AST Services completely. Subsequent to the release of the Double Reduction Policy, the Group focused on  certain  new  businesses  that  comply  with  the  requirements  of  the  Double  Reduction  Policy. Those  businesses  mainly  included  the  provision  of  (i)  extracurricular  programmes  for  personal attainment  in  arts,  sports  and  dancing  targeting  children  and  teenagers;  (ii)  overseas  education consultation services in the PRC; (iii) training services for teaching staff; and (iv) other consultancy services.

The  ultimate  and  immediate  holding  company  is  Lucky  Heaven  International  Limited  (' Lucky Heaven '),  a  limited company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (' BVI '),  which is controlled by Mr. Zhang Hongjun (the ' Controlling Shareholder ').

The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Renminbi  (' RMB '),  which  is  also  the functional currency of the Company and most of its subsidiaries.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Going concern assessment

Given the Group changed its business model and these new businesses are at beginning stage, the  directors  of  the  Company  still  have,  at  the  time  of  approving  the  consolidated  financial statements,  a  reasonable  expectation  that  the  Group  has  adequate  resources  to  continue  in operational  existence  for  the  foreseeable  future.  The  directors  of  the  Company  consider  that  the Group can continue as going concern as (i) the Group is in healthy liquidity position, with sufficient bank  balances  and  cash  held  by  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  with  direct  or  indirect  equity interests;  and  (ii)  the  Group  expects  to  significantly  drop  its  costs  and  related  expenses,  mainly including rental expenses, staff costs, subcontracting charges and selling and marketing expenses related  to  AST  Services  resulting  from  the  changes  in  principal  activities  described  above. Accordingly, the Group continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

## Contractual arrangements

Due to  regulatory  restrictions  on  foreign  ownership  in  the  operation  of  educational  institutions  in the PRC, the Group conducts a substantial portion of its education business in the PRC through Zhengzhou  Jinshui  Dashan  Technology  Training  Company  Limited*  ( 鄭州市金水區大⼭科技培訓 有限公司 )  (' Dashan  Training ')  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  the  ' Consolidated  Affiliated Entities ').

Zhengzhou Dashan Yunxiao Technology Company Limited* ( 鄭州大⼭雲效科技有限公司 ) (' WFOE '), a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  Dashan  Training,  Zhengzhou  Jingguang  Dashan Training  School  Company  Limited*  ( 鄭州京廣大⼭培訓學校有限公司 )  (' Jingguang  Dashan '),  a wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Dashan  Training,  and  shareholders  of  Dashan  Training  entered  into a  series  of  contractual  agreements  (' Contractual  Arrangements ')  on  12  January  2020  which enable WFOE and the Group to:

- exercise effective financial and operational control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities;
- exercise equity holders' voting rights of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities;

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Contractual arrangements (continued)

- receive  substantially  all  of  the  economic  benefits  generated  by  the  Consolidated  Affiliated Entities  in  consideration  for  the  technical  services,  management  support  and  consulting services necessary for the primary and secondary after-school education business and brand name licensing and advisory services business provided by WFOE;
- obtain an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated  Entities  directly  and  indirectly  held  by  the  shareholders  of  Dashan  Training  for  the minimum  amount  of  consideration  permitted  by  the  applicable  PRC  laws  and  regulations, under  circumstances  in  which  WFOE  or  its  designated  third  party  is  permitted  under  PRC laws and regulations to own all or part of the equity interests of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities.  In  addition,  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  are  not  allowed  to,  among  others, distribute  any  reasonable  return  or  other  interest  or  benefit  to  the  shareholders  of  Dashan Training without WFOE's prior written consent; and
- the  shareholders  of  Dashan  Training  unconditionally  and  irrevocably  pledged  all  of  their equity interests in Dashan Training, respectively, to WFOE to guarantee the performance of, among others, the obligations of Dashan Training, the shareholders of Dashan Training and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.

The Company does not have any equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. However, as  a  result  of  the  Contractual  Arrangements,  the  Company  has  power  over  the  Consolidated Affiliated Entities, has rights to variable returns from its involvement with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities  and  is  therefore  considered  to  have  control  over  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities. Consequently,  the  Company  regards  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  as  indirect  subsidiaries pursuant  to  the  Contractual  Arrangements.  The  Group  has  consolidated  the  financial  position and  results  of  Dashan  Training  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  years  ended  31 December 2022 and 2021.

* All  of  these  entities  are  established  in  the  PRC,  and  the  English  names  of  these  entities  are  translated  from  their respective registered Chinese names for identification purpose only.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Contractual arrangements (continued)

The  following  balances  and  amounts  of  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  were  included  in  the consolidated financial statements:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  13,289  346,828  Loss before tax  (38,326)  (26,080)  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current assets  45,547  41,003  Current assets  186,925  255,948  Current liabilities  180,650  193,686  Non-current liabilities  5,073  15,889   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS')

In  the  current  year,  the  Group  has  applied  the  following  amendments  to  HKFRSs  issued  by  the Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (' HKICPA ')  for  the  first  time,  which  are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use  Amendments to HKAS 37 Amendments to HKFRSs  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the  Group's  financial  position  and  performance  for  the  current  and  prior  periods  and/or  on  the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

The Group has not applied the new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective. The directors of the Company are in the process of assessing the potential impact of these new and amendments to HKFRSs but are not yet in a position to determine whether these new  and  amendments  to  HKFRSs  will  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Group's  performance  and financial position and on the disclosures.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 4.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs issued  by  the  HKICPA.  For  the  purpose  of  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include  applicable  disclosures  required  by  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  (' Listing  Rules ')  and  by  the  Hong  Kong Companies Ordinance.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies below.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability in  an  orderly  transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of  whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In  estimating  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  or  a  liability,  the  Group  takes  into  account  the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into  account  when  pricing  the  asset  or  liability  at  the  measurement  date.  Fair  value  for measurement  and/or  disclosure  purposes  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  is determined  on  such  a  basis,  except  for  share  based  payment  transactions  that  are  within the  scope  of  HKFRS  2 Share-based  Payment ,  leasing  transactions  that  are  accounted  for in accordance with HKFRS 16 Leases , and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)

In  addition,  for  financial  reporting  purposes,  fair  value  measurements  are  categorised  into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable  and  the  significance  of  the  inputs  to  the  fair  value  measurement  in  its  entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;
- Level  2  inputs  are  inputs,  other  than  quoted  prices  included  within  Level  1,  that  are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities  controlled  by  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries.  Control  is  achieved  when  the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is  exposed,  or  has  rights,  to  variable  returns  from  its  involvement  with  the  investee; and
- has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The  Group  reassesses  whether  or  not  it  controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Basis of consolidation (continued)

When the Group has less than a majority of  the  voting  rights  of  an  investee,  it  has  power over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the  relevant  activities  of  the  investee  unilaterally.  The  Group  considers  all  relevant  facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group's voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

- the  size  of  the  Group's  holding  of  voting  rights  relative  to  the  size  and  dispersion  of holdings of the other vote holders;
- potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;
- rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of  a  subsidiary  acquired  or  disposed  of  during  the  period  are  included  in  the  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Group and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group's accounting policies.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Basis of consolidation (continued)

All  intragroup  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

Non-controlling  interests  in  subsidiaries  are  presented  separately  from  the  Group's  equity therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

Changes in the Group's interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over  the  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  as  equity  transactions.  The  carrying  amounts  of the  Group's  relevant  components  of  equity  and  the  non-controlling  interests  are  adjusted to  reflect  the  changes  in  their  relative  interests  in  the  subsidiaries,  including  re-attribution of  relevant  reserves  between  the  Group  and  the  non-controlling  interests  according  to  the Group's and the non-controlling interests' proportionate interests.

Any  difference  between  the  amount  by  which  the  non-controlling  interests  are  adjusted, and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

The gain or loss on the disposal of a subsidiary that results in a loss of control represents the difference between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any  investment  retained  in  that  subsidiary;  and  (ii)  the  Company's  share  of  the  net  assets of  that  subsidiary  plus  any  remaining  goodwill  relating  to  that  subsidiary  and  any  related accumulated foreign currency translation reserve.

## Business combination and goodwill

The acquisition method is used to account for the acquisition of a subsidiary in a business combination.  The  cost  of  acquisition  is  measured  at  the  acquisition-date  fair  value  of  the assets  given,  equity  instruments  issued,  liabilities  incurred  and  contingent  consideration. Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the subsidiary in the acquisition are measured at their acquisition-date fair values.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Business combination and goodwill (continued)

The excess of the cost of acquisition over the Company's share of the net fair value of the subsidiary's  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  is  recorded  as  goodwill.  Any  excess  of  the Company's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of acquisition is recognised in consolidated profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase which is attributed to the Company.

In  a  business  combination  achieved  in  stages,  the  previously  held  equity  interests  in  the subsidiary  is  remeasured  at  its  acquisition-date  fair  value  and  the  resulting  gain  or  loss  is recognised in consolidated profit or loss. The fair value is added to the cost of acquisition to calculate the goodwill.

If  the  changes  in  the  value  of  the  previously  held  equity  interests  in  the  subsidiary  were recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  (for  example,  equity  investments  at  FVTOCI), the amount that was recognised in other comprehensive income is recognised on the same basis as would be required if the previously held equity interests were disposed of.

Goodwill  is  tested  annually  for  impairment  or  more  frequently  if  events  or  changes  in circumstances  indicate  that  it  might  be  impaired.  Goodwill  is  measured  at  cost  less accumulated impairment losses. The method of measuring impairment losses of goodwill is the same as that of other assets as stated in the accounting policy below. Impairment losses of goodwill are recognised in consolidated profit or loss and are not subsequently reversed. Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (' CGUs ') that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the acquisition for the purpose of impairment testing.

The  non-controlling  interests  in  the  subsidiary  are  initially  measured  at  the  non-controlling shareholders' proportionate share of the net fair value of the subsidiary's identifiable assets and liabilities at the acquisition date.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Associates

Associates are entities  over  which  the  Group  has  significant  influence.  Significant  influence is  the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an entity but is not control or joint  control  over  those  policies.  The  existence  and  effect  of  potential  voting rights  that  are  currently  exercisable  or  convertible,  including  potential  voting  rights  held  by other  entities,  are  considered  when  assessing  whether  the  Group  has  significant  influence. In assessing whether a potential voting right contributes to significant influence, the holder's intention and financial ability to exercise or convert that right is not considered.

Investment  in  an  associate  is  accounted  for  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  by the  equity  method  and  is  initially  recognised  at  cost.  Identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  of the  associate  in  an  acquisition  are  measured  at  their  fair  values  at  the  acquisition  date. The  excess  of  the  cost  of  acquisition  over  the  Group's  share  of  the  net  fair  value  of  the associate's  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  is  recorded  as  goodwill.  The  goodwill  is included  in  the  carrying  amount  of  the  investment  and  is  tested  for  impairment  together with  the  investment  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  when  there  is  objective  evidence that the investment is impaired. Any excess of the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  over  the  cost  of  acquisition  is  recognised  in  consolidated profit or loss.

The  Group's  share  of  an  associate's  post-acquisition  profits  or  losses  is  recognised  in consolidated  profit  or  loss,  and  its  share  of  the  post-acquisition  movements  in  reserves  is recognised  in  the  consolidated  reserves.  The  cumulative  post-acquisition  movements  are adjusted against the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group's share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any other unsecured receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate. If the associate subsequently reports profits, the  Group  resumes  recognising  its  share  of  those  profits  only  after  its  share  of  the  profits equals the share of losses not recognised.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Associates (continued)

The gain or loss on the disposal of an associate that results in a loss of significant influence represents  the  difference  between  (i)  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  of  the  sale  plus the  fair  value  of  any  investment  retained  in  that  associate  and  (ii)  the  Group's  share  of  the net  assets  of  that  associate  plus  any  remaining  goodwill  relating  to  that  associate  and  any related  accumulated  foreign  currency  translation  reserve.  If  an  investment  in  an  associate becomes an investment in a joint venture, the Group continues to apply the equity method and does not remeasure the retained interest.

Unrealised profits on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group's interests in the associates. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the  transaction  provides  evidence  of  an  impairment  of  the  asset  transferred.  Accounting policies  of  associates  have  been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

## Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control'  of  the  products  or  services  underlying  the  particular  performance  obligation  is transferred to the customers.

A  performance  obligation  represents  a  good  or  service  (or  a  bundle  or  goods  or  services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

Control is transferred over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the entity's performance as the Group performs;
- the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- the Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and  the  Group  has  an  enforceable  right  to  payment  for  performance  completed  to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

For granting of a licence that is distinct from other promised goods or services, the nature of  the  Group's  promise  in  granting  a  licence  is  a  promise  to  provide  a  right  to  access  the Group's intellectual property if all of the following criteria are met:

- the  contract  requires,  or  the  customer  reasonably  expects,  that  the  Group  will undertake  activities  that  significantly  affect  the  intellectual  property  to  which  the customer has rights;
- the  rights  granted  by  the  licence  directly  expose  the  customer  to  any  positive  or negative effects of the Group's activities; and
- those activities do not result in the transfer of a good or a service to the customer as those activities occur.

If  the  criteria  above  are  met,  the  Group  accounts  for  the  promise  to  grant  a  licence  as  a performance  obligation  satisfied  over  time.  Otherwise,  the  Group  considers  the  grant  of licence as providing the customers the right to use the Group's intellectual property and the performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time at which the licence is granted.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

A  contract  liability  represents  the  Group's  obligation  to  transfer  goods  or  services  to  a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation

## Output method

The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group's performance in transferring control of goods or services.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Leases

Definition of a lease

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 or arising from business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of  the  contract  are  subsequently  changed.  As  a  practical  expedient,  leases  with  similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.

## The Group as a lessee

## Right-of-use assets

The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

- the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
- any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date,  less  any  lease incentives received;
- any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by  the  Group  in  dismantling  and  removing  the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost,  less  any  accumulated  depreciation  and impairment  losses,  and  adjusted  for  any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  other  than adjustments to lease liabilities resulting from Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Leases (continued)

The Group as a lessee (continued)

Right-of-use assets (continued)

Right-of-use  assets  in  which  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  obtain  ownership  of  the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date  to  the  end  of  the  useful  life.  Otherwise,  right-of-use  assets  are  depreciated  on  a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

The  Group  presents  right-of-use  assets  that  do  not  meet  the  definition  of  investment property  in  'property,  plant  and  equipment',  the  same  line  item  within  which  the corresponding underlying assets would be presented if they were owned.

## Refundable rental deposits

Refundable  rental  deposits  paid  are  accounted  under  HKFRS  9  and  initially  measured  at fair  value.  Adjustments  to  fair  value  at  initial  recognition  are  considered  as  additional  lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

## Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement  date  of  a  lease,  the  Group  recognises  and  measures  the  lease liability at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

The lease payments include:

- fixed  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed  payments)  less  any  lease  incentives receivable;
- variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
- amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Leases (continued)

The Group as a lessee (continued)

Lease liabilities (continued)

- the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and
- payments  of  penalties  for  terminating  a  lease,  if  the  lease  term  reflects  the  Group exercising an option to terminate the lease.

After  the  commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

- the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment; and
- the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related  lease  liability  is  remeasured  by  discounting  the  revised  lease  payments  using the initial discount rate.

The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Leases (continued)

The Group as a lessee (continued)

Lease modifications

Except  for  COVID-19-related  rent  concessions  in  which  the  Group  applied  the  practical expedient, the Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

- the  modification  increases  the  scope  of  the  lease  by  adding  the  right  to  use  one  or more underlying assets; and
- the  consideration  for  the  leases  increases  by  an  amount  commensurate  with  the stand-alone  price  for  the  increase  in  scope  and  any  appropriate  adjustments  to  that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability  based  on  the  lease  term  of  the  modified  lease  by  discounting  the  revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

The  Group  accounts  for  the  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities  by  making  corresponding adjustments to the relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the  consideration  in  the  modified  contract  to  each  lease  component  on  the  basis  of  the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Leases (continued)

The Group as a lessee (continued)

Covid-19-related rent concessions

In  relation  to  rent  concessions  that  occurred  as  a  direct  consequence  of  the  Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has elected to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease modification if all of the following conditions are met:

- the  change  in  lease  payments  results  in  revised  consideration  for  the  lease  that  is substantially  the  same  as,  or  less  than,  the  consideration  for  the  lease  immediately preceding the change;
- any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022; and
- there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying HKFRS 16 if  the  changes  are  not  a  lease  modification.  Forgiveness  or  waiver  of  lease  payments  are accounted for as variable lease payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

## The Group as a lessor

Classification and measurement of leases

Leases  for  which  the  Group  is  a  lessor  are  classified  as  finance  or  operating  leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Leases (continued)

The Group as a lessor (continued)

Classification and measurement of leases (continued)

Rental  income  from  operating  leases  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  on  a  straight-line  basis over the term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Refundable rental deposits

Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

## Lease modification

Changes  in  considerations  of  lease  contracts  that  were  not  part  of  the  original  terms  and conditions  are  accounted  for  as  lease  modifications,  including  lease  incentives  provided through forgiveness or reduction of rentals.

The  Group  accounts  for  a  modification  to  an  operating  lease  as  a  new  lease  from  the effective  date  of  the  modification,  considering  any  prepaid  or  accrued  lease  payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new lease.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Foreign currencies

In  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  each  individual  group  entity,  transactions  in currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at  the  rates  of  exchanges  prevailing  on  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  At  the  end  of  the reporting  period,  monetary  items  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined.  Non-monetary items that  are  measured  in  terms  of  historical  cost  in  a  foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

## Borrowing costs

All borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred as the Group does not have any qualifying assets.

## Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government  grants  related  to  income  that  are  receivable  as  compensation  for  expenses or  losses  already  incurred  or  for  the  purpose  of  giving  immediate  financial  support  to  the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under 'other income'.

## Retirement benefit scheme contribution

Payments  to  defined  contribution  retirement  benefit  plans  and  state-managed  retirement benefit  scheme  are  recognised  as  an  expense  when  employees  have  rendered  services entitling them to the contributions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Short-term employee benefits

Short-term  employee  benefits  are  recognised  at  the  undiscounted  amount  of  the  benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits  are  recognised  as  an  expense  unless  another  HKFRS  requires  or  permits  the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

## Research and development costs

Expenditure  on  research  activities  is  recognised  as  an  expense  in  the  period  in  which  it  is incurred.  When  no  internally-generated  intangible  asset  can  be  recognised,  development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

## Share-based payments

## Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

The  fair  value  of  the  equity-settled  share-based  payments  determined  at  the  grant  date without taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straightline basis over the vesting period, based on the Group's estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments  expected  to  vest  based  on  assessment  of  all  relevant  non-market  vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Share-based payments (continued)

Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (continued)

When  share  options  are  exercised,  the  amount  previously  recognised  in  share-based payments reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after  the  vesting  date  or  are  still  not  exercised  at  the  expiry  date,  the  amount  previously recognised  in  share-based  payments  reserve  will  continue  to  be  held  in  share-based payments reserve.

When  shares  granted  are  vested,  the  amount  previously  recognised  in  share-based payments reserve will be transferred to share capital/share premium.

## Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The  tax  currently  payable  is  based  on  taxable  profit  during  the  year.  Taxable  profit  differs from profit before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated  using  tax  rates  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  at  the  end  of each reporting period.

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in  the  computation  of  taxable  profit.  Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognised  for  all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary  differences  to  the  extent  that  is  probable  that  taxable  profits  will  be  available against  which  those  deductible  temporary  differences  can  be  utilised.  Such  deferred  tax assets  and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  goodwill  or from  the  initial  recognition  (other  than  in  a  business  combination)  of  assets  and  liabilities in  a  transaction  that  affects  neither  the  taxable  profit  nor  the  accounting  profit.  In  addition, deferred  tax  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  the  initial recognition of goodwill.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Taxation (continued)

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with interest in subsidiaries and associates except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in  the  foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there  will  be  sufficient  taxable  profits  against  which  to  utilise  the  benefits  of  the  temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

The  measurement  of  deferred  tax  liabilities  and  assets  reflects  the  tax  consequences  that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities.

For  the  purposes  of  measuring  deferred  tax  for  leasing  transactions  in  which  the  Group recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

For  leasing  transactions  in  which  the  tax  deductions  are  attributable  to  the  lease  liabilities, the  Group  applies  HKAS  12 Income  Taxes requirements  to  the  leasing  transaction  as  a whole. Temporary differences relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess of depreciation on right-of-use assets over the lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net deductible temporary differences.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

Current  and  deferred  tax  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  except  when  it  relates  to  items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current  and  deferred  tax  are  also  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly in  equity  respectively.  Where  current  tax  or  deferred  tax  arises  from  the  initial  accounting for  a  business  combination,  the  tax  effect  is  included  in  the  accounting  for  the  business combination.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes.

Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at  cost  less  subsequent  accumulated  depreciation  and  accumulated  impairment  losses,  if any.

When  the  Group  makes  payments  for  ownership  interests  of  properties  which  includes both  leasehold  land  and  building  elements,  the  entire  consideration  is  allocated  between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition.

To  the  extent  the  allocation  of  the  relevant  payments  can  be  made  reliably,  interest  in leasehold  land  that  is  accounted  for  as  an  operating  lease  is  presented  as  'right-of-use assets' in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

Depreciation  is  recognised  so  as  to  write  off  the  cost  of  items  of  property,  plant  and equipment less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated  useful  lives,  residual  values  and  depreciation  method  are  reviewed at  the  end  of  the  year,  with  the  effect  of  any  changes  in  estimate  accounted  for  on  a prospective basis.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss  arising  on  the  disposal  or  retirement  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is determined  as  the  difference  between  the  sales  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Investment properties

Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

Investment  properties  are  initially  measured  at  cost,  including  any  directly  attributable expenditure. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of investment properties over their estimated useful lives  and  after  taking  into  account  of  their  estimated  residual  value,  using  the  straight-line method.

An  investment  property  is  derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  the  investment  property is  permanently  withdrawn  from  use  and  no  future  economic  benefits  are  expected  from its  disposal.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on  derecognition  of  the  property  (calculated  as  the difference  between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset)  is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.

## Other intangible assets (other than goodwill)

Other intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. Other intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and  are  initially  recognised  at  their  fair  value  at  the  acquisition  date  (which  is  regarded  as their cost).

Other  intangible  assets  acquired  separately  and  in  business  combination  with  finite  useful lives  are  carried  at  costs  less  accumulated  amortisation  and  any  accumulated  impairment losses.  Amortisation  for  other  intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  is  recognised  on  a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

An other intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are  expected  from  use  or  disposal.  Gains  and  losses  arising  from  derecognition  of  an other  intangible  asset,  measured  as  the  difference  between  the  net  disposal  proceeds and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset,  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  asset  is derecognised.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Impairment  on  property,  plant  and  equipment  (including  right-of-use  assets), investment properties and other intangible assets (other than goodwill)

At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant  and  equipment,  investment  properties  and  other  intangible  assets  to  determine whether  there  is  any  indication  that  those  assets  have  suffered  an  impairment  loss.  If  any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any.

The  recoverable  amount  of  property,  plant  and  equipment,  investment  properties  and other  intangible  assets  are  estimated  individually.  When  it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

In  testing  a  CGU  for  impairment,  corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  of  allocation  can  be  established,  or  otherwise  they  are allocated  to  the  smallest  group  of  CGUs  for  which  a  reasonable  and  consistent  allocation basis  can  be  established.  The  recoverable  amount  is  determined  for  the  CGU  or  group  of CGUs to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant CGU or group of CGUs.

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Impairment  on  property,  plant  and  equipment  (including  right-of-use  assets), investment properties and other intangible assets (other than goodwill) (continued)

If  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  (or  a  CGU)  is  estimated  to  be  less  than  its  carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For  corporate  assets  or  portion  of  corporate  assets  which  cannot  be  allocated  on  a reasonable  and  consistent  basis  to  a  CGU,  the  Group  compares  the  carrying  amount  of a  group  of  CGUs,  including  the  carrying  amounts  of  the  corporate  assets  or  portion  of corporate  assets  allocated  to  that  group  of  CGUs,  with  the  recoverable  amount  of  the group  of  CGUs.  In  allocating  the  impairment  loss,  the  impairment  loss  is  allocated  first  to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable)  and  then  to  the  other  assets  on a  pro-rata  basis  based  on  the  carrying  amount  of  each  asset  in  the  unit  or  the  group  of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU or a group of CGUs) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that  the  increased  carrying  amount  does  not  exceed  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a CGU or a group of CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For  the  purpose  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are  readily  convertible  into  known  amounts  of  cash,  are  subject  to  an  insignificant  risk  of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less  bank  overdrafts  which  are  repayable  on  demand  and  form  an  integral  part  of  the Group's cash management.

For  the  purpose  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position,  cash  and  cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a first-in-first-out basis. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

## Financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of financial  position  when  a  group  entity  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual  provisions  of the  instrument.  All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognised  and derecognised  on  a  trade  date  basis.  Regular  way  purchases  or  sales  are  purchases  or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value  except  for  trade receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (' FVTPL '))  are  added  to  or  deducted  from  the  fair  value  of  the financial assets or financial liabilities as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  financial  assets  or  financial  liabilities  at  FVTPL  are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial asset  or  financial  liability  and  of  allocating  interest  income  and  interest  expense  over  the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash  receipts  and  payments  (including  all  fees  paid  or  received  that  form  an  integral  part of  the  effective  interest  rate,  transaction  costs  and  other  premiums  or  discounts)  through the  expected life  of  the  financial  asset  or  financial  liability,  or,  where  appropriate,  a  shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- the  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  to  collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting contractual cash flows: and
- the  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

All  other  financial  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  FVTPL,  except  that  at  initial recognition  of  a  financial  asset  the  Group  may  irrevocably  elect  to  present  subsequent changes in fair  value  of  an  equity  investment  in  other  comprehensive  income  if  that  equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

Financial assets (continued)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)

In  addition,  the  Group  may  irrevocably  designate  a  financial  asset  that  are  required  to  be measured  at  amortised  cost  or  FVTOCI  as  measured  at  FVTPL  if  doing  so  eliminates  or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

## (i) Amortised cost and interest income

Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest  method  for  financial  assets measured subsequently  at  amortised  cost.  Interest  income  is  calculated  by  applying the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  a  financial  asset,  except for  financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired  (see  below).  For financial  assets  that  have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument  improves  so  that  the  financial  asset  is  no  longer  credit-impaired,  interest income  is  recognised  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

## (ii) Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI

Subsequent  changes  in  the  carrying  amounts  for  debt  instruments  classified  as  at FVTOCI as a result of interest income calculated using the effective interest method, and  foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  All  other changes  in  the  carrying  amount  of  these  debt  instruments  are  recognised  in  other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of investment revaluation reserve.  Impairment  allowances  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  with  corresponding adjustment  to  other  comprehensive  income  without  reducing  the  carrying  amounts of  these  debt  instruments.  When  these  debt  instruments  are  derecognised,  the cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

Financial assets (continued)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)

- (iii) Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

Financial  assets  at  FVTPL  are  measured  at  fair  value  at  the  end  of  each  reporting period,  with  any  fair  value  gains  or  losses  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  The  net  gain or  loss  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  excludes  any  dividend  or  interest  earned  on  the financial asset and is included in the 'other gains and losses, net' line item.

## (iv) Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

Investments  in  equity  instruments  at  FVTOCI  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair value  with  gains  and  losses  arising  from  changes  in  fair  value  recognised  in  other comprehensive  income  and  accumulated  in  the  investment  revaluation  reserve; and  are  not  subject  to  impairment  assessment.  The  cumulative  gain  or  loss  will  not be  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  on  disposal  of  the  equity  investments,  and  will  be transferred to retained profits.

Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group's right  to  receive  the  dividends  is  established,  unless  the  dividends clearly  represent  a  recovery  of  part  of  the  cost  of  the  investment.  Dividends  are included in the 'other income' line item in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

Financial assets (continued)

Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment under HKFRS 9

The  Group  performs  impairment  assessment  under  expected  credit  losses  (' ECL ')  model on financial assets (including trade receivables, loan receivable, other receivables, deposits, debt instruments at FVTOCI and bank balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at the end of each reporting period to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime  ECL  represents  the  ECL  that  will  result  from  all  possible  default  events  over  the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the end of the reporting period. Assessments are done based on the Group's historical credit  loss  experience,  and  factors  that  are  specific  to  the  debtors,  general  economic conditions  and  an  assessment  of  both  the  current  conditions  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period as well as the forecast of future conditions.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. For all other financial assets, Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12-month ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime  ECL.  The  assessment  of  whether  lifetime  ECL  should  be  recognised  is  based  on significant increases in the likelihood of risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

## (i) Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the  Group  compares  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  with  the  risk  if  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial instrument  as  at  the  date  of  initial  recognition.  In  making  this  assessment,  the Group  considers  both  quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and supportable,  including  historical  experience  and  forward-looking  information  that  is available without undue cost or effort.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment under HKFRS 9 (continued)

- (i) Significant increase in credit risk (continued)

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether credit risk has increased significantly:

- i. an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  financial  instrument's external (if available) or internal credit rating;
- ii. significant  deterioration  in  external  market  indicators  of  credit  risk,  e.g.  a significant  increase  in  the  credit  spread,  the  credit  default  swap  prices  for  the debtor;
- iii. existing  or  forecast  adverse  changes  in  business,  financial  or  economic conditions  that  are  expected  to  cause  a  significant  decrease  in  the  debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- iv. an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  operating  results  of  the debtor; or
- v. an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that the  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  when  contractual payments  are  more  than  30  days  past  due,  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

Financial assets (continued)

Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment under HKFRS 9 (continued)

## (i) Significant increase in credit risk (continued)

Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  if  the  debt  instrument  is determined  to  have  low  credit  risk  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  A  financial instrument  is  determined  to  have  low  credit  risk  if  (i)  it  has  a  low  risk  of  default,  (ii) the  borrower  has  a  strong  capacity  to  meet  its  contractual  cash  flow  obligations  in the  near  term  and  (iii)  adverse  changes  in  economic  and  business  conditions  in  the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of 'investment grade' as per globally understood definitions.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  and  revises  them  as  appropriate to  ensure  that  the  criteria  are  capable  of  identifying  significant  increase  in  credit  risk before the amount becomes past due.

## (ii) Definition of default

For  internal  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  considers  an  event  of  default  occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the  debtor  is  unlikely  to  pay  its  creditors,  including  the  Group,  in  full  (without  taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective  of  the  above,  the  Group  considers  that  default  has  occurred  when  a financial  asset  is  more  than  90  days  past  due  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and supportable information  to  demonstrate  that  a  more  lagging  default  criterion  is  more appropriate.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment under HKFRS 9 (continued)

- (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact  on  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  of  that  financial  asset  have  occurred. Evidence that a financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  includes  observable  data  about  the following events:

- significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's  financial  difficulty,  having  granted  to  the  borrower  a  concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or
- it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.
- (iv) Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the counterparty  is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  there  is  no  realistic  prospect  of recovery,  for  example,  when  the  counterparty  has  been  placed  under  liquidation  or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written  off  may  still  be  subject  to  enforcement  activities  under  the  Group's  recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

Financial assets (continued)

Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment under HKFRS 9 (continued)

## (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.  the  magnitude  of  the  loss  if  there  is  a  default)  and  the  exposure  at  default.  The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data  and  forward-looking  information.  Estimation  of  ECL  reflects  an  unbiased  and probability-weighted  amount  that  is  determined  with  the  respective  risks  of  default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on certain  trade  receivables  using  a  provision  matrix  taking  into  consideration  historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  estimated  as  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the  Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

The Group recognises an impairment in profit or loss through a loss account for trade receivables, loan receivable, other receivables, deposits, debt instruments at FVTOCI and bank balances.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

Financial liabilities and equity

Classification as debt and equity

Debt  and  equity  instruments  are  classified  as  either  financial  liabilities  or  as  equity  in accordance with the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the group entities are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

Repurchase of the Company's own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in  equity.  No  gain  or  loss  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  on  the  purchase,  sale,  issue  or cancellation of the Company's own equity instruments.

## Financial liabilities

All  financial  liabilities  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective interest method or at FVTPL.

Financial liabilities at FVTPL

Financial  liabilities  are  classified  as  at  FVTPL  when  the  financial  liability  is  designated  as  at FVTPL.

Financial liabilities at amortised cost

The  Group's  financial  liabilities  including  trade  and  other  payables  are  subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Financial instruments (continued)

Financial liabilities and equity (continued)

## Derecognition

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire. The difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's obligations are discharged,  cancelled  or  have  expired.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

## Related parties

A related party is a person or entity that is related to the Group.

- (A) A  person  or  a  close  member  of  that  person's  family  is  related  to  the  Group  if  that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Company or of a parent of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Related parties (continued)

- (B) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) The entity and the Company are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
- (ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
- (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
- (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
- (v) The  entity  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  for  the  benefit  of  employees  of either the Group or an entity related to the Group. If the Group is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are also related to the Group.
- (vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (A).
- (vii) A  person  identified  in  (A)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a member of the key management personnel of the entity  (or  of  a  parent  of  the entity).
- (viii) The  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key management personnel services to the Company or to a parent of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)

## Provisions and contingent liabilities

Provisions  are  recognised  for  liabilities  of  uncertain  timing  or  amount  when  the  Group  has a  present  legal  or  constructive  obligation  arising  as  a  result  of  a  past  event,  it  is  probable that  an  outflow  of  economic  benefits  will  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation  and  a  reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by  the  occurrence  or  non-occurrence  of  one  or  more  future  events  are  also  disclosed  as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow is remote.

## Events after the reporting period

Events  after  the  reporting  period  that  provide  additional  information  about  the  Group's position  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  or  those  that  indicate  the  going  concern assumption  is  not  appropriate  are  adjusting  events  and  are  reflected  in  the  consolidated financial  statements.  Events  after  the  reporting  period  that  are  not  adjusting  events  are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements when material.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In  the  application  of  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  which  are  described  in  note  4,  the management of the Group is required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  on-going  basis.  Revisions  to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects  only  that  period,  or  in  the  period  of  the  revision  and  future  periods  if  the  revision  affects both current and future periods.

## Critical judgements in applying accounting policies

The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the  management  of  the  Group  have  made  in  the  process  of  applying  the  Group's  accounting policies  and  that  have  the  most  significant  effect  on  the  amounts  recognised  in  the  consolidated financial statements.

## Contractual  agreements  between  WFOE,  the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  and shareholders of Dashan Training

The  Company  does  not  have  direct  or  indirect  legal  ownership  in  equity  of  the  Consolidated Affiliated  Entities.  Nevertheless,  under  Contractual  Arrangements  entered  into  with  the Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  and  the  equity  holders  of  Dashan  Training  on  12  January 2020  as  detailed  in  note  2,  the  Company  and  its  legally  owned  subsidiaries  have  power  over the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities,  have  rights  to  variable  returns  from  involvement  with  the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and have the ability to affect those returns through its power over the  Consolidated  Affiliated  Entities  and  are  considered  to  have  control  over  these  entities.  The directors of the Company, based on the advice of its legal counsel, consider that the Contractual Arrangements as a whole and each of the agreements comprising the Contractual Arrangements are  legal,  valid  and  binding  on  the  parties  thereto,  enforceable  under  PRC  laws  and  regulations. Accordingly, the Company regards the Consolidated Affiliated Entities as indirect subsidiaries of the Company.

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

## Estimated impairment of goodwill

Determining  whether  goodwill  is  impaired  requires  an  estimation  of  the  recoverable  amount  of  a CGU to which goodwill  has  been  allocated,  which  is  the  higher  of  the  value  in  use  or  fair  value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows  expected  to  arise  from  the  CGU  by  applying  suitable  discount  rate,  growth  rate  and  gross profit  margin  in  order  to  calculate  the  present  value.  Where  the  actual  future  cash  flows  are  less than  expected,  or  change  in  facts  and  circumstances  which  results  in  a  downward  revision  of future cash flows, a material impairment loss may arise. Furthermore, the estimated cash flows and discount rate are subject to higher degree of estimation and volatility in financial markets.

An  impairment  loss  is  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  whenever  the carrying amount of a CGU or groups of CGUs exceeds its recoverable amount.

As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill amounted to RMB7,206,000 (2021: nil). No impairment was recognised during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: nil). Details of the recoverable amount calculation of goodwill are disclosed in note 16.

## Useful  lives  and  impairment  assessment  of  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment (including  right-of-use  assets),  investment  properties  and  other  intangible  assets  (other than goodwill)

The  Group's  management  determines  the  estimated  useful  lives  of  its  property,  plant  and equipment,  investment  properties  and  other  intangible  assets  in  calculating  the  related depreciation/amortisation charge. This estimate is based on the management's experience of the actual useful lives of the respective assets of similar nature and functions. In addition, management assesses  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying amounts of an item of property, plant and equipment, investment properties and other intangible assets may not be recoverable.

Management of the Group will increase the depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are shorter  than  previously  estimated  lives,  or  will  write  off  or  write  down  obsolete  assets  that  have been abandoned or sold.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

## Useful  lives  and  impairment  assessment  of  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment (including  right-of-use  assets),  investment  properties  and  other  intangible  assets  (other than goodwill) (continued)

Property,  plant  and  equipment,  investment  properties  and  other  intangible  assets  are  stated  at costs  less  accumulated  depreciation/amortisation  and  impairment,  if  any.  In  determining  whether an  asset  is  impaired,  the  Group  has  to  exercise  judgement  and  make  estimation,  particularly  in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of  value  in  use,  the  net  present  value  of  future  cash  flows  which  are  estimated  based  upon  the continued use of the asset; and (3)  the  appropriate  key  assumptions  to  be  applied  in  estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it  is  not  possible  to  estimate  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  individual  asset,  the  Group  estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the assets belongs, including allocation of corporate assets  when  a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  of  allocation  can  be  established,  otherwise recoverable amount is determined at the smallest group of CGUs, for which the relevant corporate assets have been allocated.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  carrying  amounts  of  property,  plant  and  equipment,  investment properties  and  other  intangible  assets  were  RMB26,990,000  (2021:  RMB36,373,000), RMB4,845,000  (2021:  RMB4,951,000)  and  RMB7,070,000  (2021:  Nil),  respectively.  Impairment loss  of  RMB12,866,000  on  property,  plant  and  equipment  has  been  recognised  during  the  year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB27,615,000).

Details of the useful lives and impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment, investment properties and other intangible assets are disclosed in notes 14, 15 and 18, respectively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

## Provision of ECL for trade and other receivables and loan receivable

Trade and other receivables and loan receivable with significant balances and credit-impaired are assessed  for  ECL  individually.  For  trade  receivables  which  are  individually  insignificant  or  when the Group does not have reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort to measure ECL on individual basis, collective assessment is performed by grouping debtors based on the Group's internal credit ratings.

The  Group  makes  impairment  loss  for  bad  and  doubtful  debts  based  on  assessments  of  the recoverability  of  the  trade  and  other  receivables  and  loan  receivable,  including  the  current creditworthiness  and  the  past  collection  history  of  each  debtor.  Impairments  arise  where  events or  changes in  circumstances indicate that  the  balances  may  not  be  collectible.  The  identification of  bad  and  doubtful  debts  requires  the  use  of  judgement  and  estimates.  Where  the  actual  result is  different  from  the  original  estimate,  such  difference  will  impact  the  carrying  value  of  the  trade and other receivables and loan receivable and impairment loss in the year in which such estimate has  been  changed.  If  the  financial  conditions  of  the  debtors  were  to  deteriorate,  resulting  in  an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.

The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimate. The information about the ECL and the Group's trade receivables, other receivables and loan receivable are disclosed in notes 22, 24 and 25, respectively.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

## Revenue

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Tuition fees income  - provision of academic education services  7,837  346,520  - provision of vocational education services  2,063  -  - provision of extracurricular programmes  2,242  -  - provision of training to teaching staff  6,985  -  Provision of overseas education consultation services  566  -  Provision of other consultancy services  6,057  -  Sales of books and teaching materials  894  3,068  Brand name licensing and related advisory services income  257  2,697  Others  773  589  27,674  352,874  Timing of revenue recognition  A point of time  1,460  3,068  Over time  26,214  349,806  Total  27,674  352,874   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  tuition  fees  income  consist  of  revenue  generated  from  the  provision  of  academic education  services  (mainly  the  AST  Services  as  detailed  in  note  1),  in  the  PRC  (which  was ceased completely in March 2022), the provision of vocational education courses, extracurricular programmes for personal attainment and training to teaching staff for educational institutions and schools  in  the  PRC.  Prepaid  fee  received  for  tutoring  programs  are  initially  recorded  as  contract liabilities, and revenue is recognised over time based on an output method because the participant simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs. Customers of education services usually settle the prepaid packages by cash or pay through third-party payment platforms.

Revenue from overseas education consultation services is recognised when the referral service has been provided and the student has enrolled in the overseas education institution or program. This is often the point at which the referral fee or commission is earned.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

## Revenue (continued)

Revenue of  sales  of  books  and  teaching  materials  is  recognised  when  control  of  the  goods  has transferred  on  receipt  by  the  customer.  The  general  credit  period  granted  to  the  customers  is usually within 90 days from the date of billings.

Brand  name  licensing  and  related  advisory  services  income,  which  is  considered  as  a  single performance obligation, is recognised over the relevant period of the agreements with independent third parties (the ' Contracted Parties ')  in  which the Group provides the services to facilitate the operation of their teaching centres. Contracted Parties are normally required to pay in advance of the consideration which is due upon the signing of relevant agreement.

Revenue derived from the provision of other consultancy services is recognised over the services period.  Other  consultancy  services  are  mainly  provided  to  parties  who  are  engaged  in  education business in the PRC.

All  unsatisfied  contracts  in  respect  of  revenue  from  tuition  programs,  brand  name  licensing  and related  advisory  services  arrangement,  sales  of  books  and  teaching  materials  and  consultancy services at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

## Segment information

Information reported to chief operating decision maker (i.e. the executive directors of the Company) (the  ' CODM '),  for  the  purposes  of  resource  allocation  and  assessment  of  segment  performance focuses on types of goods or services delivered or provided.

During the prior year, the Group was principally engaged in the provision of the AST Services in the PRC. The CODM reviewed the financial results of the Group as a whole. Accordingly, the Group has only one single operating segment.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

## Segment information (continued)

During  the  current  year,  the  Group  commenced  the  businesses  engaging  in  (i)  the  provision  of training  to  teaching  staff  and  other  consultancy  services  (along  with  the  acquisition  of  Yutou Media as defined and detailed in note 35); (ii) the provision of extracurricular programmes; (iii) the provision of overseas education consultation services; and (iv) the provision of vocational education services  (along  with  the  acquisition  of  Zhengzhou  Zhongzhichuang  as  defined  and  detailed  in note 35). They are considered as new operating segments by the CODM. Accordingly, the Group reorganised its internal reporting structure to reflect the above changes of its reportable segments. Prior  year  segment  disclosures  have  been  represented  to  conform  with  the  current  year's presentation.

Specifically, the Group's operating and reportable segments under HKFRS 8 are as follows:

- -the academic education segment, engages in the provision of primary and secondary after school  academic  education  services  in  the  PRC,  which  was  ceased  completely  in  March 2022.
- -the  extracurricular  programmes  segment,  engages  in  the  provision  of  extracurricular programmes  for  personal  attainment  in  arts,  sports  and  dancing  target  children  and teenagers in the PRC.
- -the  overseas  education  segment,  acting  as  an  agent  to  provide  overseas  education consultation services.
- -the training and consultancy segment, engages in the provision of training to teaching staff and other consultancy services for educational institutions, schools and other entities in the PRC.
- -the  'Others'  segment,  comprises,  principally,  brand  name  licensing  and  related  advisory services, sales of books and materials, and the provision of vocational education services.

The  accounting  policies  applied  in  determining  segment  revenue  and  segment  results  of  the operating segments are the same as the Group's accounting policies described in note 3 above. Segment  results  represent  the  profit/loss  earned  by  each  segment  without  allocation  of  central administrative  costs,  content  and  information  technology  development  and  training  expenses, certain  other  income,  other  gains  and  losses,  finance  costs,  share  of  results  of  and  impairment loss  on  an  associate,  impairment  loss/reversal  of  impairment  loss  recognised  in  respect  of  debt instruments at FVTOCI and gain on disposal of a subsidiary.

No  analysis  of  segment  assets  and  segment  liabilities  is  presented  as  such  information  are  not regularly provided to the CODM for review.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

## Segment revenue and results

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue and results by reportable segments:

| Academic  education  Extra-  curricular  programmes  Overseas  education  Training and  consultancy  Others  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Year ended 31 December 2022  Segment revenue  7,837  2,242  566  13,042  3,987  27,674  Segment results  2,069  (3,633)  (2,147)  7,996  (10,434)  (6,149)  Foreign exchange gains, net  1,777  Unallocated other income  1,297  Content and information  technology development and  training expenses  (13,491)  Unallocated corporate expenses  (15,075)  Reversal of impairment loss  recognised in respect of debt  instruments at FVTOCI  929  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  21  Impairment loss on interest in an  associate  (360)  Share of results of an associate  (140)  Finance costs  (230)  Loss before tax  (31,421)  Year ended 31 December 2021  Segment revenue  346,520  -  -  -  6,354  352,874  Segment results  4,421  -  -  -  (5,699)  (1,278)  Foreign exchange losses, net  (1,756)  Unallocated other income  6,921  Content and information  technology development and  training expenses  (29,716)  Unallocated corporate expenses  (21,337)  Impairment loss recognised in  respect of debt instruments at  FVTOCI  (1,393)  Finance costs  (7,174)  Loss before tax  (55,733)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

## Other segment information

| Academic  education  Extra-  curricular  programmes  Overseas  education  Training and  consultancy  Others  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Year ended 31 December 2022  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  796  3,511  -  63  289  4,659  Depreciation of investment properties  -  -  -  -  106  106  Amortisation of other intangible assets  -  -  -  416  -  416  Reversal of write-down for inventories  -  -  -  -  (6,390)  (6,390)  Impairment loss on property,  plant and equipment  361  12,275  -  116  114  12,866  Impairment loss on trade receivables,  net of reversal  -  -  -  1,670  -  1,670  Reversal of impairment loss on other  receivables, net of reversal  -  -  -  -  (255)  (255)  Gain on disposal of property,  plant and equipment  -  (363)  -  -  -  (363)  Gain on derecognition of right-of-use assets and  lease liabilities  (8,829)  -  -  -  -  (8,829)  Year ended 31 December 2021  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  92,584  -  -  -  656  93,240  Depreciation of investment properties  -  -  -  -  106  106  Write-down for inventories  -  -  -  -  7,348  7,348  Impairment loss on property,  plant and equipment  23,212  -  -  -  4,403  27,615  Impairment loss on other receivables,  net of reversal  2,326  -  -  -  15  2,341  Loss on disposal of property, plant and  equipment  48,388  -  -  -  70  48,458  Gain on derecognition of right-of-use assets and  lease liabilities  (11,273)  -  -  -  (15)  (11,288)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

## Geographical information

The major operating entities of the Group are domiciled in the PRC. All of the Group's revenue are derived in the PRC for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, all of the Group's non-current assets are located in the PRC.

## Information about major customers

During  the  year,  revenue  from  customers  contributing  over  total  10%  of  the  total  revenue  of  the Group is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Customer A  3,176  N/A #   |
|----------------------------------------------------------|

# The customer did not contributed over 10% of the total revenue of the Group during the relevant year.

## 7. OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET

## Other income

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Bank interest income  345  5,577  Government grants (note)  1,216  1,146  Interest income from financial assets at FVTPL  -  610  Interest income from debt instruments at FVTOCI  700  358  Rental income  184  163  Others  89  269  2,534  8,123   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Various  grants  and  subsidies  were  provided  by  the  PRC  local  government  authorities  to  the  Group  during  the years  ended  31  December  2022  and  2021.  There  are  no  unfulfilled  conditions  or  contingencies  relating  to  these government grants.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 7. OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET (CONTINUED)

## Other gains and losses, net

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Foreign exchange gains/(losses), net  1,777  (1,756)  Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment  (12,866)  (27,615)  Reversal of impairment loss/(impairment loss) recognised in respect  of debt instruments at FVTOCI  929  (1,393)  Reversal of impairment loss/(Impairment loss) recognised on other  receivables, net of reversal  255  (2,341)  Impairment loss recognised on trade receivables, net of reversal  (1,670)  -  Impairment loss on interest in an associate (note 17)  (360)  -  Gain/(loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment  363  (48,458)  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (note 36)  21  -  Gain on derecognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities  8,829  11,288  (2,722)  (70,275)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interest on lease liabilities  230  7,174   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. INCOME TAX CREDIT/EXPENSE

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current tax:  PRC Enterprise Income Tax ('  EIT  ')  86  47  Deferred tax (credited)/charged (note 19)  (104)  1,016  Income tax (credit)/expense  (18)  1,063   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 9. INCOME TAX CREDIT/EXPENSE (CONTINUED)

The  Group  is  subject  to  income  tax  on  an  entity  basis  on  profits  arising  in  or  derived  from  the jurisdictions in which members of the Group are domiciled and operated.

No provision for taxation in Hong Kong has been made as the Group's income neither arises in nor is derived from Hong Kong.

Under  the  Law  of  the  PRC  on  Enterprise  Income  Tax  (the  ' EIT  Law ')  and  Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% (2021: 25%) for the year on their respective taxable profit, except for certain subsidiaries, which have been identified as the small and micro enterprises, and is entitled to a preferential tax rate of 5% for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. Dashan Training, which was recognised as 'High and New Technology Enterprise'  and  therefore  entitled  to  a  preferential  tax  rate  of  15%  for  a  period  of  three  years from  August  2018  to  August  2021.  The  tax  rate  for  Dashan  Training  has  changed  back  to  25% commencing on September 2021.

The  income  tax  (credit)/expense  for  the  year  can  be  reconciled  to  the  loss  before  tax  per  the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss before tax  (31,421)  (55,733)  Tax at the domestic income tax rate of 25%  (7,855)  (13,933)  Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purposes  (5,790)  (4,047)  Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes  453  4,341  Tax effect of deductible temporary difference not recognised  2,063  9,326  Tax effect of tax losses not recognised  12,644  7,585  Tax effect of share of results of an associate  35  -  Effect of different tax rate under other jurisdictions  (644)  1,036  Effect of concessionary tax rates  1,606  1,282  Effect of super deduction for content and information technology  development and training expenses  (2,530)  (4,527)  Income tax (credit)/expense  (18)  1,063   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 10.  LOSS FOR THE YEAR

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss for the year has been arrived  at after charging/(crediting):  Staff costs:  Directors' remuneration (note 11)  1,171  4,565  Other staff costs  19,721  120,347  Other staff's retirement benefits scheme contributions  2,171  10,068  23,063  134,980  Auditors' remuneration  1,800  1,650  Cost of inventories sold  254  2,100  Staff subcontracting service fee  8,506  38,805  (Reversal of write-down)/write-down for inventories  (6,390)  7,348  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (including right-of-  use assets for buildings)  4,659  93,240  Depreciation of investment properties  106  106  Amortisation of other intangible assets  416  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11.  DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS

## Directors' and chief executive's emoluments

The executive directors' emoluments shown below were paid for their services in connection with the management of affairs of the Company and the Group for the year.

The  independent  non-executive  directors'  and  the  non-executive  director's  emoluments  shown below were for their services as directors of the Company.

## 11.    DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Directors' and chief executive's emoluments (continued)

Details of the emoluments paid or payable by the Group to the directors of the Company for the year are as follows:

## Year ended 31 December 2022

| Fees  Salaries and  other benefits  Retirement  scheme  contributions  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Executive directors:  Mr. Zhang Hongjun  (Chief executive officer)  -  506  10  516  Mr. Shan Jingchao  -  201  10  211  Mr. Ma Wenhao (resigned on 25 April 2022)  -  72  3  75  Non-executive director:  Mr. Jia Shuilin  91  -  -  91  Independent non-executive directors:  Mr. Lui Siu Keung (resigned on  13 February 2023)  112  -  -  112  Mr. Li Gang (resigned on 13 February 2023)  83  -  -  83  Ms. Yang Min (resigned on 25 April 2022)  38  -  -  38  Mr. Zhang Jian  -  -  -  -  Dr. Xie Xiangbing (appointed on 16 August 2022)  45  -  -  45  Total  369  779  23  1,171   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 11.    DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Directors' and chief executive's emoluments (continued)

## Year ended 31 December 2021

| Fees  Salaries and  other benefits  Retirement  scheme  contributions  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Executive directors:  Mr. Zhang Hongjun  (Chief executive officer)  -  3,314  36  3,350  Mr. Shan Jingchao  -  335  35  370  Mr. Ma Wenhao  -  338  35  373  Non-executive director:  Mr. Jia Shuilin  111  -  -  111  Independent non-executive directors:  Mr. Lui Siu Keung  125  -  -  125  Mr. Li Gang  85  -  -  85  Ms. Yang Min  151  -  -  151  Mr. Zhang Jian  -  -  -  -  Total  472  3,987  106  4,565   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 13 February 2023, Ms. Wang Yanxiao was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company.

During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, Mr. Zhang Jian waived emoluments of RMB100,000 (2021: RMB50,000). Other than this, there was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 11.    DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Employees' emoluments

The  five  highest  paid  individuals  included  three  (2021:  three)  directors  whose  emoluments  are included in the disclosures above for the year ended 31 December 2022. The emoluments of the remaining two (2021: two) individuals for the year ended 31 December 2022, were as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Salaries and other benefits  1,089  1,114  Retirement benefit scheme contributions  3  13  1,092  1,127   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments were within the following band:

Nil to HK$1,000,000

2022

Number of

Individuals

2

2021

Number of individuals

2

During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

## 12.  DIVIDENDS

No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during the year ended 31  December  2022,  nor  has  any  dividend  been  proposed  since  the  end  of  the  reporting  period (2021: nil).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 13.  LOSS PER SHARE

The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss for the purposes of basic and diluted loss per share:  Loss for the year attributable to owners of the Company  (30,548)  (56,423)  2022  2021  Number of shares:  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of  basic and diluted loss per share (note)  770,600,000  772,276,438   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

The weighted average number of ordinary shares has been calculated taking into account the shares held by the Group under the Share Award Scheme as detailed in note 33.

No diluted  loss  per  share  for  the  years  ended  31  December  2022  and  2021  were  presented  as there  were  no  potential  ordinary  shares  in  issue  during  the  years  ended  31  December  2022  and 2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 14.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Right-of-use  assets for  buildings  Leasehold  land and  buildings  Leasehold  improvements  Furniture,  fixtures and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  COST  At 1 January 2021  417,169  26,372  118,327  46,039  2,966  610,873  Additions  29,821  -  29,364  4,446  707  64,338  Disposals  -  -  (79,663)  (19,409)  (847)  (99,919)  Derecognition upon early  termination of leases  (335,533)  -  -  -  -  (335,533)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  111,457  26,372  68,028  31,076  2,826  239,759  Additions  8,982  -  10,192  315  -  19,489  Acquisition of subsidiaries  (note 35)  1,450  -  -  -  -  1,450  Disposals  -  -  (67,327)  (11,197)  -  (78,524)  Derecognition upon early  termination of leases  (31,922)  -  -  -  -  (31,922)  At 31 December 2022  89,967  26,372  10,893  20,194  2,826  150,252  ACCUMULATED  DEPRECIATION AND  IMPAIRMENT  At 1 January 2021  179,908  1,839  72,201  22,940  2,149  279,037  Provided for the year  58,080  501  23,902  10,193  564  93,240  Impairment loss recognised in  profit or loss  7,822  -  7,211  11,664  918  27,615  Eliminated on disposals  -  -  (35,383)  (13,731)  (805)  (49,919)  Eliminated on derecognition upon  early termination of leases  (146,587)  -  -  -  -  (146,587)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  99,223  2,340  67,931  31,066  2,826  203,386  Provided for the year  2,013  501  2,084  61  -  4,659  Impairment loss recognised in  profit or loss  5,126  -  7,510  230  -  12,866  Eliminated on disposals  -  -  (67,239)  (11,186)  -  (78,425)  Eliminated on derecognition upon  early termination of leases  (19,224)  -  -  -  -  (19,224)  At 31 December 2022  87,138  2,841  10,286  20,171  2,826  123,262  CARRYING VALUES  At 31 December 2022  2,829  23,531  607  23  -  26,990  At 31 December 2021  12,234  24,032  97  10  -  36,373   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 14.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

Depreciation  is  charged  so  as  to  write  off  the  cost  over  their  estimated  useful  lives,  using  the straight-line method, at the following expected useful lives:

| Right-of-use assets for buildings Leasehold land and buildings Leasehold improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Motor vehicles  Over the relevant lease terms  Over the shorter of the relevant lease terms or 50 years  Over the shorter of the relevant lease terms or 5 years  5 years  3 to 5 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group leases various teaching centers, offices and staff quarters for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of one year to five years (2021: one year to six years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a  wide  range  of  different  terms  and  conditions.  In  determining  the  lease  term  and  assessing  the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

The Group has termination option in a number of leases for the teaching centers, offices and staff quarters. These are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group's operations. The majority of termination options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessors. The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is reasonably certain not to exercise the termination options. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, there was no termination options in which the Group was not reasonably certain not to exercise.

As  at  31  December  2021,  the  Group  was  in  the  process  of  obtaining  title  deeds  from  relevant government authorities for its land and buildings in the PRC amounting to RMB3,945,000, which have been obtained in 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 14.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

## Impairment assessment

During the prior year, as a result of issuance of the Double Reduction Policy as detailed in note 2, the Group concluded that impairment indicators existed and performed an impairment assessment on property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) in relation to provision of the AST Services.

When  determining  the  value-in-use  of  the  CGUs,  the  directors  of  the  Company  have  taken  into consideration  of  relevant  government  regulations  released  and  industry  indicators  presented  as at  31  December  2021.  Based  on  the  impact  of  the  Double  Reduction  Policy  which  the  Group has ceased the AST Services in March 2022, the directors of the Company developed cash flow projections and concluded that the AST services may not be able to generate positive cash flow in  the  foreseeable  future.  For  the  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  of  the  individual  asset  within the  relevant  CGUs,  the  directors  of  the  Company  have  considered  relevant  publically  available information, the alternative use of the assets, the remaining lease term, future lease payments and potential penalties charged by the lessor upon the earlier termination of leases associated with AST Services. The fair value of such property, plant and equipment is considered as level 2 fair value measurement,  which  is  determined  with  reference  to  quoted  prices  of  similar  assets  whenever available.  The  fair  value  of  right-of-use  assets  is  considered  as  level  3  fair  value  measurement, which  is  determined  with  reference  to  future  lease  payments,  remaining  lease  period  and  other relevant factors.

Based on the  result  of  the  above  assessment,  impairment  losses  of  RMB27,615,000  have  been recognised  against  the  carrying  amount  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  (including  right-of-use assets) during the year ended 31 December 2021.

During the year, an aggregate impairment of RMB12,866,000 was recognised for certain property, plant  and  equipment  with  an  aggregate  carrying  amount  of  RMB12,866,000  which  belongs  to CGUs engage in other businesses with sustained losses. Full impairment has been made for those property, plant and equipment as the directors of the Company consider that their residual value is  minimal  and  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  related  CGUs  determined  based on a value in use calculation is also minimal as at 31 December 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

The  Group  leases  out  various  offices  under  operating  leases  to  independent  third  parties  with rentals payable monthly. Investment properties are measured using the cost model.

| RMB'000  COST  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 2022  5,201  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  At 1 January 2021  144  Provided for the year  106  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  250  Provided for the year  106  At 31 December 2022  356  CARRYING VALUES  At 31 December 2022  4,845  At 31 December 2021  4,951   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above investment properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 50 years.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  fair  value  of  the  investment  properties  was  estimated  to  be approximately  RMB4,925,000  (2021:  RMB5,276,000).  The  valuation  of  the  investment  properties was  determined  using  the  discounted  cash  flow  method.  The  most  important  input  for  this valuation method is the annual rent and the discount rate. The fair value measurement hierarchy of the investment properties requires certain significant unobservable inputs (Level 3). During the year, there were no transfers into or out of Level 3 (2021: Nil).

## 16.  GOODWILL

| RMB'000  Cost at 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  -  Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 35)  7,206  Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2022  7,206   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment testing of goodwill

Goodwill  acquired  through  business  combinations  is  allocated  to  the  following  CGUs  for impairment testing:

- i. Vocational education services CGU
- ii. Other consultancy services CGU

The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGU is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Vocational education services  1,735  -  Other consultancy services  5,471  -  7,206  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  recoverable  amount  of  the  provision  of  vocational  education  services  CGU  has  been determined  based  on  a  value  in  use  calculation  using  cash  flow  projections  based  on  financial budgets  covering  a  5-year  period  approved  by  senior  management.  The  pre-tax  discount  rate applied to the cash flow projections is 21.3%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows of this CGU beyond the 5-year period is 3.0%.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 16.    GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

## Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

The recoverable amount of the provision of other consultancy services CGU has been determined based  on  a  value  in  use  calculation  using  cash  flow  projections  based  on  financial  budgets covering a 5-year period approved by senior management. The pre-tax discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 17.5%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows of this CGU beyond the 5-year period is 3.0%.

Assumptions  were  used  in  the  value  in  use  calculation  of  the  above  CGUs  as  at  31  December 2022. The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

Budgeted gross margin - The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross margins is the average gross margins achieved during the year, increased for expected efficiency improvements and expected market development.

Discount  rate  -  The  discount  rate  used  is  before  tax  and  reflects  specific  risks  relating  to  the relevant unit.

Management  believes  that  any  reasonably  possible  change  in  any  of  these  assumptions  would not  cause  the  carrying  amount  of  the  above  cash-generating  units  to  exceed  their  respective recoverable amounts.

As at 31 December 2022, the directors of the Company are of the opinion that, based on the value in  use  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  above  key  assumptions,  no  impairment  loss  provision against the goodwill allocated to these CGUs is considered necessary.

## 17.  INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Unlisted cost of investments  500  -  Share of post-acquisition losses  (140)  -  Impairment loss  (360)  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the Group's associate at the end of the reporting period are as follow:

| Name of entity  Place of  establishment  and principal  place of  business  Proportion of ownership interest  and voting rights held by the Group  Registered capital  Principal  activity  2022  2021  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  中數文化藝術品交流  (  江蘇  )  有限公司  (Zhongshu Cultural Art Trading  (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd. ('  Zhongshu  Cultural  )*  PRC  33.33%  N/A  15,000  (not fully  paid up)  N/A  Provision of online  data processing  and transaction  processing   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The English name is for identification purpose only.

The  Group  has  33.33%  ownership  interest  and  voting  rights  in  Zhongshu  Cultural  as  at  31 December 2022. By considering that the Group has no sufficiently dominant voting rights to direct the relevant activities of Zhongshu Cultural unilaterally, the directors of the Company conclude that the Group only has significant influence over Zhongshu Cultural and therefore it is classified as an associate of the Group.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  made  an  impairment  provision  of approximately RMB360,000 against the carrying amount of the investment in Zhongshu Cultural.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 18.  OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Customer  relationship  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  -  Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 35(b))  7,486  Amortisation provided during the year  (416)  At 31 December 2022  7,070  At 31 December 2022:  Cost  7,486  Accumulated amortisation  (416)  Net carrying amount  7,070   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above customer relationship has finite useful life and is amortised on a straight-line basis over the expected useful lives of 3 years.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 19.  DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/LIABILITIES

The  followings  are  the  major  deferred  tax  assets/(liabilities)  recognised  and  movements  thereon during the current and prior year.

| Fair value  adjustment  on other  intangible  assets  arising from  acquisition of  subsidiaries  Tax losses  Impairment  loss on  property,  plant and  equipment  Loss  allowance  for other  receivables  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021  -  297  525  194  1,016  Charged to profit or loss (note 9)  -  (297)  (525)  (194)  (1,016)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  -  -  -  -  -  Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 35)  (1,871)  -  -  -  (1,871)  Credited to profit or loss (note 9)  104  -  -  -  104  At 31 December 2022  (1,767)  -  -  -  (1,767)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has  unused  tax  losses  of  RMB75,820,000  (2021: RMB24,875,000)  available  for  offset  against  future  profits.  No  deferred  tax  asset  has  been recognised  due  to  the  unpredictability  of  future  profit  streams.  Included  in  unrecognised  tax losses are losses of approximately RMB75,820,000 (2021: RMB24,875,000) with expiry dates as disclosed in the following table.

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  2024  368  -  2026  6,514  6,510  2027  18,365  18,365  2028  50,573  -  75,820  24,875   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has  deductible  temporary  differences  of  RMB49,904,000 (2021:  RMB42,013,000).  No  deferred  tax  asset  has  been  recognised  for  deductible  temporary difference  as  it  is  not  probable  that  taxable  profit  will  be  available  against  which  the  deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 20.  INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Books and teaching materials  236  14   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21.    DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI/EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI/ FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Debt instruments at FVTOCI (note (a))  7,712  23,135  Equity instruments at FVTOCI (note (b))  -  -  Financial assets at FVTPL (note (c))  -  -  7,712  23,135   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of impairment assessment and fair value measurement are set out in note 37.

Notes:

- (a) The  amount  represents  the  investments  in  three  promissory  notes  issued  by  financial  institutions  at  interest  rate ranging from 2% to 3% per annum. These promissory notes can be redeemed in any time after the issuance, upon delivering to the issuers a written notice signed by the Group to request the issuers to redeem the promissory notes.

These  promissory  notes  are  held  by  the  Group  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  both  to  collect  their contractual  cash  flows  which  are  solely  payments  of  principal  and  interest  on  the  principal  amount  outstanding and to redeem these financial assets on demands. Hence, the investments in promissory notes are classified as at FVTOCI.

The amounts are classified as non-current as the directors of the Company does not expect to redeem within twelve months after the reporting period.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  two  of  the  promissory  notes  amounted  to  RMB16,666,000  were redeemed.  Accordingly,  the  balance  of  RMB7,712,000  as  at  31  December  2022  represents  the  remaining  one promissory note. The remaining one promissory note was redeemed subsequent to the year ended 31 December 2022 at approximated its carrying value.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 21.  DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI/EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI/ FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL (CONTINUED)

- (b) The amount represents the Group's equity interests in a private entity operating online education business in the PRC. The directors of the Company had elected to designate this investment as financial asset at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in this investment's fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group's strategy of holding this investment for long-term purposes and realising its performance potential in the long run. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, due to the impact of implementation of the Double Reduction  Policy,  that  private  entity  would  not  expect  to  generate  net  operating  cash  inflows  in  the  foreseeable future and accordingly, the fair value of that equity interests as at 31 December 2021 is minimal and the change of fair  value  arising  from  that  financial  asset  at  FVTOCI  amounting  to  RMB5,000,000  has  been  charged  to  the  other comprehensive income during the year ended 31 December 2021.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  that  private  entity  became  dormant.  The  directors  of  the  Company consider that the fair value of the Group's equity interests in that private entity as at 31 December 2022 is minimal.

- (c) As  at  31  December  2020,  the  Group  entered  into  a  contract  of  wealth  management  products  with  financial institutions  in  the  PRC.  As  at  31  December  2020,  the  principals  of  RMB10,000,000  was  not  guaranteed  by  the relevant financial institutions. The returns of the wealth management products were determined by reference to the performance of the underlying investments and their expected return rates stated in the outstanding contracts as at 31 December 2020 was 4.20% per annum.

In the opinion of the management of the Group, the fair value of the wealth management product at 31 December 2020 approximated its principal amounts. The wealth management product was matured during the year ended 31 December 2021.

## 22.  TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Training and consultancy services fee receivables  10,948  -  Less: impairment loss under ECL model  (1,670)  -  9,278  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no trade receivables from contracts with customers as at 1 January 2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 22.    TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

The  Group  seeks  to  maintain  strict  control  over  its  outstanding  receivables  to  minimise  credit risk.  Overdue  balances  are  reviewed  regularly  by  senior  management.  There  is  no  significant concentration of credit risk  to  the  Group.  The  Group  does  not  hold  any  collateral  or  other  credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

An ageing analysis of the trade receivables, net of impairment loss under ECL model, as at the end of the reporting period, based on the transaction date is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  0 to 30 days  9,278  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  to  provide  for  ECL  prescribed  by  HKFRS  9,  which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables.

Movement in the impairment loss under ECL model for trade receivables are as below:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At beginning of the year  -  -  Impairment losses recognised  1,670  -  At end of the year  1,670  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables are set out in note 37.

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 23.  LONG-TERM DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Deposits paid for leasehold improvements  1,667  -  Deposits paid for the proposed investment in an overseas education  institution (Note (a))  61,047  -  Deposits paid for the acquisition of subsidiaries (Note (b))  1,000  -  Deposits paid for a proposed investment in an education fund  (Note (c))  10,000  -  73,714  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The amount consists of:
- (i) deposits  of  RMB49,411,000  paid  to  existing  shareholders  of  KSI  Education  Limited  (' KSI  Education '),  a private company registered in England and Wales, for the proposed acquisition of 46.05% equity interests in KSI Education at a consideration of GBP5,836,000 (approximately RMB49,411,000). KSI Education and its subsidiaries (collectively ' KSI Group ') are principally engaged in the provision of management and support services for independent school businesses in the United Kingdom. There are currently three independent schools managed by KSI Group. The above acquisition was completed in January 2023 and KSI Education become an associate of the Group.
- (ii) deposits  of  RMB11,636,000  paid  to  another  existing  shareholder  of  KSI  Education  for  the  proposed acquisition  of  its  certain  equity  interests  in  KSI  Education.  Such  proposed  acquisition  is  currently  put  on hold and the Group is currently negotiating with that shareholder for the percentage of equity interests to be acquired and the refund of the excess deposits and related interest.
- (b) Such  deposit  is  paid  for  the  proposed  acquisition  of  51%  equity  interests  in  Beijing  Dancing  Actor  Culture Development Co., Ltd. ( 北京舞主角文化發展有限公司 ), which is established in the PRC and engaged in the provision of  extracurricular  programmes  in  Beijing,  the  PRC.  The  acquisition  was  completed  in  January  2023  and  the  total consideration is RMB2,000,000.
- (c) Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, such proposed investment has been called off and the deposits were fully refunded in June 2023.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 24.  PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Prepayments for software development project (Note (a))  24,074  -  Rental deposits  195  112  Other deposits  637  1,084  Prepaid taxes  1,984  2,919  Other prepayments  2,090  3,238  Receivables from third-party payment platforms (Note (b))  70  79  Others  -  575  29,050  8,007  Less: impairment loss under ECL model  (1,028)  (2,783)  Total prepayments, deposits and other receivables  28,022  5,224  Less: non-current rental deposits  (195)  (92)  Current portion  27,827  5,132   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) During the year, the Group engaged a software development company in the PRC to develop its own software to facilitate the online education business (the ' Education Software ').    The  total  contract sum is RMB100,000,000. Up  to  31  December  2022,  prepayments  of  RMB36,000,000  was  made  to  the  software  development  company, and  further  prepayments  of  RMB22,000,000  were  made  in  January  2023.    During  the  course  of  the  software development project, the software development company provided status report to the Group on a monthly basis. Subsequently, in view of the then education situation which was still predominantly traditional offline education, the directors  of  the  Company  decided  to  terminate  the  software  development  project  in  August  2023.  In  September 2023,  the  Group  and  the  software  development  company  has  entered  into  a  termination  contract  and  agreed  to refund an aggregate amount of the prepayments made of approximately RMB46,074,000, being the prepayments made  by  the  Group  of  RMB58,000,000  less  the  estimated  value  of  the  Education  Software  of  approximately RMB11,926,000 prepared by an external valuer.  The refunds were fully made to the Group in November 2023.

The  Group  has  charged  the  estimated  value  of  the  Education  Software  of  RMB11,926,000  to  the  profit  or  loss during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  as  research  and  development  costs  and  included  in  'Content  and information technology development and training expenses' line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

- (b) Customers of after-school education services usually settle the prepaid packages by cash or pay through third-party payment platforms. For payment through third-party payment platforms, the third-party payment platforms normally settle the amounts received, net of handling charges, within one month after trade date. All receivables from thirdparty payment platforms aged within one month and not past due.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 24.  PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

The  Group  applies  12-month  ECL  approach  to  provide  for  ECL  allowance  on  receivables  from third-party payment platforms prescribed by HKFRS 9. The management of the Group are of the opinion that the credit risks of these receivables are minimal as these are from creditworthy thirdparty payment platforms with no history of defaults. Based on historical settlement records, past experience,  and  also  quantitative  and  qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable,  the  management of the Group assessed that the ECL for receivables from third-party payment platforms for the year were insignificant.

Movements in the impairment loss under ECL model for other receivables are as below:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At beginning of the year  2,783  1,210  (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses recognised  (255)  2,341  Written-off  (1,500)  (768)  At end of the year  1,028  2,783   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of impairment assessment of other receivables are set out in note 37.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 25.  LOAN RECEIVABLE

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Fixed-rate loan receivable  9,000  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  has  a  loan  receivable  from  an  independent  third  party  denominated  in  Renminbi amounting to RMB9,000,000, which bore fixed interest rate at 3% per annum and repayable within one year. Pursuant to relevant loan agreement, the guarantor, an independent third party required to  pay a deposit of HK$10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB9,000,000) (note 28) to the Group as a guarantee deposit which bore no interest payable.

Details of impairment assessment of loan receivable are set out in note 37.

## 26.  BANK BALANCES AND CASH

Bank balances and cash comprise bank deposits, cash and bank balances held by the Group with original maturity of three months or less and carry interest at prevailing market rates ranging from 0.001% to 0.2% per annum (2021: 0.001% to 0.002% per annum).

The  bank  balances  and  cash  of  the  Group  that  are  dominated  in  a  currency  other  than  the functional currency of the relevant group entity are set out below:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  United States Dollars ('  US$  ')  1,469  4,155  Hong Kong Dollars ('  HK$  ')  22,453  9,913  Great Britain Pound ('  GBP  ')  58  -  Singaporean Dollars ('  SGD  ')  2  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.  TRADE PAYABLES

The  credit  period  on  purchase  of  books  and  teaching  materials  ranged  from  0  to  60  days.  The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice dates at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  0-30 days  -  259   |
|---------------------------------------------------|

## 28.  OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED CHARGES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Staff cost payables  1,388  5,085  Renovation cost payables  10,151  2,659  Refundable tuition deposits and other deposits  469  4,584  Other taxes payables  851  412  Deposit received for loan to a third party (note)  8,957  -  Consideration payable (note 35)  500  -  Accrued operating expenses  520  399  Other payables  3,750  1,702  26,586  14,841   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  granted  a  loan  to  an  independent  third  party,  amounted  to RMB9,000,000 which bore interest rate of  3%  per  annum  and  repayable  within  one  year  (note  25).  Pursuant  to  relevant loan  agreement,  the  guarantor,  an  independent  third  party  required  to  pay  a  deposit  of  HK$10,000,000  (equivalent  to approximately RMB9,000,000) to the Group as a guarantee deposit which bore no interest payable.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 29.  CONTRACT LIABILITIES

The following table provides information about contract liabilities from customers:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Contract liabilities:  - Tutoring fees  14,907  43,750  - Brand name licensing and related advisory services income  465  1,171  15,372  44,921   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The contract liabilities primarily relate to the advance consideration received from the students and Contracted Parties for contracts, for which revenue is recognised when the performance obligation is satisfied through service rendered.

Changes in contract liabilities during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At the beginning of the year  44,921  192,710  Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 35(a))  1,002  -  Amount refunded due to contract termination that was included in  the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year  (30,388)  (5,983)  Revenue recognised from performance obligation satisfied (or  partially satisfied) that was included in the contract liabilities  (10,955)  (186,596)  Increase due to cash received, excluding amounts recognised as  revenue during the year  10,792  44,790  At the end of the year  15,372  44,921   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30.  LEASE LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current  6,130  17,477  Current  3,875  5,280  10,005  22,757  Minimum lease payment due:  - within one year  3,982  5,982  - more than one year but not exceeding two years  3,163  6,622  - more than two years but not exceeding five years  3,036  10,758  - more than five years  -  1,107  10,181  24,469  Less: future finance charges  (176)  (1,712)  Present value of lease liabilities  10,005  22,757  Present value of lease liabilities  - within one year  3,875  5,280  - more than one year but not exceeding two years  3,114  6,146  - more than two years but not exceeding five years  3,016  10,255  - more than five years  -  1,076  10,005  22,757   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group leases various properties for provision of education services and these lease liabilities were measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not yet paid.

The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are monitored within the Group's treasury function.

The  total  cash  outflows  for  leases  including  the  payments  of  lease  liabilities  and  interests  are RMB1,903,000 (2021: RMB41,590,000).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 31.  SHARE CAPITAL

| Number of  shares  Amount  Shown in  consolidated  financial  statements  HK$'000  RMB'000  Ordinary shares if HK$0.01 each  Authorised:  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021,  1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022  10,000,000,000  100,000  Issued and fully paid:  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021,  1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022  800,000,000  8,000  7,223   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32.  RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

The employees of the Group's subsidiary in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefit scheme operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a specified percentage  of  payroll  costs  as  determined  by  respective  local  government  authority  to  the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefit scheme.

The  total  expense  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  of  RMB2,194,000  (2021:  RMB10,174,000), represents  contributions  paid  and  payable  to  these  plans  by  the  Group  at  rates  specified  in  the rules of the plans.

## 33.  SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS

## Share Option Scheme

The Company adopted the Share Option Scheme on 18 June 2020. The terms of the Share Option Scheme are  in  accordance  with  the  Chapter  17  of  the  Listing  Rules.  The  purpose  of  the  Share Option Scheme is to provide an incentive or a reward to eligible persons for their contribution to the  Group  and/or  to  enable  the  Group  to  recruit  and  retain  high-calibre  employees  and  attract human resources that are valuable to the Group or any entity in which the Group holds any equity interests. The total number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option  Scheme and any other share option  schemes  of  the  Group  shall  not  exceed  80,000,000 shares, being 10% of the total number of shares in issue (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised) as at 15 July 2020 unless the Group obtains the approval of the shareholders in general meeting for renewing the 10% limit.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 33.    SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

## Share Option Scheme (continued)

A  consideration  of  HK$1  is  payable  on  acceptance  of  the  offer  of  grant  of  an  option.  Such consideration shall in no circumstances be refundable. An option may be exercised in whole or in part by the grantee (or his/her personal representative(s)) at any time before the expiry of the period to be determined and notified by the Board to the grantee which in any event shall not be longer than  ten  years  commencing  on  the  date  of  the  offer  letter  and  expiring  on  the  last  day  of  such ten-year  period  subject  to  the  provisions  for  early  termination  as  contained  in  the  Share  Option Scheme.

The  Share  Option  Scheme  will  remain  in  force  until  17  June  2030.  During  the  year  ended  31 December  2022,  no  options  had  been  granted,  exercised,  cancelled  or  lapsed  under  the  Share Option Scheme, nor were any options outstanding under the Share Option Scheme (31 December 2021: nil).

## Share Award Scheme

The  Company  has  adopted  the  Share  Award  Scheme  with  effect  from  14  December  2020  as means to recognise the contribution of the Group's employees, motivate, retain and recruit highcalibre employees and reward those who had made valuable contribution to the Group (' Selected Participants ').  Under  the  Share  Award  Scheme,  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  (' The Board ')  may  grant  shares  to  eligible  employees,  including  directors  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries.

The  Company  has  set  up  a  trustee  (the  ' Trustee ')  for  the  purpose  of  facilitating  the  purchase, holding  and  sale  of  shares  in  the  Group  for  the  benefit  of  the  employees  of  the  Group.  All  the shares purchased under the Share Award Scheme are recognised in the reserve as 'shares held under Share Award Scheme'.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 33.    SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

## Share Award Scheme (continued)

The  Board  may  from  time  to  time  while  the  Share  Award  Scheme  is  in  force  and  subject  to  all applicable  laws,  determine  such  vesting  criteria  and  conditions  or  periods  for  the  awards  to  be vested or credited. All of such vesting criteria and conditions (if any) and periods shall be set out in the relevant grant letter issued to each Selected Participant.

On  14  January  2021,  the  Group  has  granted  an  aggregate  of  17,400,000  award  shares  to  52 employees and 12,600,000 award shares to four directors (the ' Grantees ') under the Share Award Scheme at nil award price (the ' Grant '). The award shares shall be satisfied by purchasing existing shares on the open market and shall be vested in the Grantees in the proportions of 40%, 30% and  30%  on  the  first  trading  date  upon  expiry  of  seven  days  after  the  publication  of  the  annual results  announcement  for  the  financial  year  ending  31  December  2021,  31  December  2022  and 31 December 2023, respectively, subject to certain conditions including the Group and individual performances.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  Company  repurchased  its  own  ordinary  shares through the Trustee (2022: nil) as follows:

| Month of repurchase  Number of  ordinary shares  Price per share  Aggregate  consideration  paid  Highest  Lowest  HK$  HK$  HK$'000  January 2021  28,800,000  1.08  0.97  30,387  February 2021  300,000  0.76  0.76  220  May 2021  300,000  0.90  0.89  269  29,400,000  30,876 (note)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The aggregate consideration paid of HK$30,876,000 is equivalent to RMB25,744,000.

No shares were purchased or granted by the Company under the Share Award Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 33.    SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

## Share Award Scheme (continued)

During the year ended 31 December 2021, 3,220,000 of the award shares had been lapsed as the relevant Grantees ceased to be employees of the Group prior to the vesting of the award shares.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  (i)  4,008,000  of  the  award  shares  had  been  lapsed as the relevant Grantees ceased to be employees of the Group prior to the vesting of the award shares; and (ii) 10,712,000 of the award shares had been forfeited as the group performance target for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  was  not  met,  40%  of  the  award  shares  granted  to  each Grantee have been lapsed according to the relevant grant letters.

As at 31 December 2022, the Trustee held 29,400,000 ordinary shares (2021: 29,400,000 ordinary shares) under the Share Award Scheme. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group has no liabilities and there were no expense charged during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 in respect of Share Award Scheme since the respective vesting condition has not been met.

## 34.  OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS

## The Group as lessor

All of the properties held for rental purposes have committed lessees for the next one year (2021: two years). Undiscounted lease payments receivable on leases are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within one year  11  182  In the second year  -  11  11  193   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 35.  ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

## (a) Acquisition  of  60%  equity  interests  of  Zhengzhou  Zhongzhichuang Education Technology Company Limited

On 14 February 2022, the Group entered into an acquisition agreement with the vendor, an independent third party, for an acquisition of 60% equity interests of Henan Zhongzhichuang Education  Information  Consulting  Company  Limited  ( 河南中之創教育信息諮詢有限公司 ), with  effective  from  15  April  2022,  its  name  was  changed  to  Zhengzhou  Zhongzhichuang Education  Technology  Company  Limited  ( 鄭州中之創教育科技有限公司 )  (' Zhengzhou Zhongzhichuang '),  a  company  established  in  the  PRC  with  limited  liability  at  a  total consideration of RMB1,000,000, which would be settled in cash.

The  transaction  has  been  accounted  for  as  a  business  combination  using  acquisition method. Upon completion of the acquisition, Zhengzhou Zhongzhichuang became an indirect non-wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company.  Zhengzhou  Zhongzhichuang  is  principally engaged in the provision of vocational training and technical education for adults in relation to  computer science and information technology. The directors of the Company are of the view that the acquisition will enable the Group to step further regarding the Group's plan in expanding and developing its business.

The  consideration  of  RMB500,000  has  been  settled  in  cash  during  the  year  ended  31 December  2022.  The  acquisition  was  completed  on  30  May  2022.  Further  details  of  the acquisition are set out in the announcements of the Company dated 14 February 2022, 22 April 2022, and 30 May 2022 respectively.

Acquisition-related  costs  were  insignificant  and  have  been  recognised  as  an  expense  in the  current  year  and  included  in  the  administrative  expenses  line  item  in  the  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

## 35.  ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

## (a) Acquisition  of  60%  equity  interests  of  Zhengzhou  Zhongzhichuang Education Technology Company Limited (continued)

The  fair  value  of  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  of  Zhengzhou  Zhongzhichuang  as  at  the date of acquisition is as follows:

| RMB'000  Property, plant and equipment  522  Rental deposits  16  Other receivables  140  Bank balances and cash  70  Other payables and accrued charges  (463)  Contract liabilities  (1,002)  Lease liabilities  (518)  Net liabilities acquired  (1,235)  Cash consideration paid  500  Consideration payables due within one year included in other payables  and accrued charges (note 28)  500  Less: non-controlling interests (40% in Zhengzhou Zhongzhichuang)  (500)  Add: net liabilities acquired  1,235  Goodwill arising on acquisition  1,735   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 35.  ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

## (a) Acquisition  of  60%  equity  interests  of  Zhengzhou  Zhongzhichuang Education Technology Company Limited (continued)

The  non-controlling  interests  (40%)  recognised  at  the  acquisition  date  was  measured  by reference  to  the  proportionate  share  of  recognised  amounts  of  net  liabilities  of  Zhengzhou Zhongzhichuang and amounted to RMB500,000.

Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of acquisition of Zhengzhou Zhongzhichuang is as follows:

| RMB'000  Consideration paid in cash  (500)  Bank balances and cash acquired  70  (430)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Since the acquisition, Zhengzhou Zhongzhichuang has contributed revenue of approximately RMB2,063,000 and loss of approximately RMB223,000 respectively to the Group. Had the acquisition  been  completed  on  1  January  2022,  total  Group's  revenue  for  the  year  would have  been  RMB27,987,000  and  loss  for  the  year  would  have  been  RMB33,826,000.  The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2022, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 35.  ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Acquisition of the entire equity interests of Yutou Media (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd

On  4  November  2022,  the  Group  entered  into  an  acquisition  agreement  with  the  vendor, an  independent  third  party,  for  an  acquisition  of  100%  equity  interests  of  Yutou  Media (Shenzhen)  Co.,  Ltd  ( 育投傳媒 ( 深圳 ) 有限公司 )  (' Yutou Media '),  a  company  established  in the PRC with limited liability at a cash consideration of RMB12,000,000.

The  transaction  has  been  accounted  for  as  a  business  combination  using  acquisition method.  Upon  completion  of  the  acquisition,  Yutou  Media  became  an  indirect  wholly owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company.  Yutou  Media  is  principally  engaged  in  the  provision  of consultancy services, mainly in terms of brand promotion, event planning so as to enhance the  school  image  and  brand  awareness,  and  promote  students  enrollment.  The  directors of  the  Company  are  of  the  view  that  the  acquisition  will  enable  the  Group  to  step  further regarding the Group's plan in expanding and developing its business.

The  consideration  of  RMB12,000,000  has  been  settled  in  cash  during  the  year  ended  31 December 2022. The acquisition was completed on 4 November 2022.

Acquisition-related  costs  were  insignificant  and  have  been  recognised  as  an  expense  in the  current  year  and  included  in  the  administrative  expenses  line  item  in  the  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 35.  ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Acquisition of the entire equity interests of Yutou Media (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd (continued)

The fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities of Yutou Media as at the date of acquisition and the corresponding carrying amounts immediately before the acquisition were as follows:

| RMB'000  Property, plant and equipment  928  Other intangible assets  7,486  Trade receivables  1,990  Bank balances and cash  80  Other payables and accrued charges  (1,088)  Tax liabilities  (27)  Lease liabilities  (969)  Deferred tax liabilities  (1,871)  Net assets acquired  6,529  Cash consideration paid  12,000  Less: net assets acquired  (6,529)  Goodwill arising on acquisition  5,471   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of acquisition of Yutou Media is as follows:

| RMB'000  Consideration paid in cash  (12,000)  Bank balances and cash acquired  80  (11,920)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35.  ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Acquisition of the entire equity interests of Yutou Media (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd (continued)

Since the acquisition, Yutou Media has contributed revenue of approximately RMB1,977,000 and profits  of  approximately  RMB1,704,000 respectively to the Group. Had the acquisition been  completed  on  1  January  2022,  total  Group's  revenue  for  the  year  would  have  been RMB27,763,000  and  loss  for  the  year  would  have  been  RMB33,436,000.  The  pro  forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2022, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

## 36.  DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY

On 9 March 2022, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement relating to the disposal of the entire equity interests of Zhengzhou Chengzicheng Education Consulting Company Limited ( 鄭州橙⼦橙教育諮詢有限公司 ) to independent third parties at nil consideration. The disposal was completed on the same date. Details of the assets and liabilities as of 9 March 2022 are set out as follows:

| RMB'000  Other payables and accrued charges  (21)  Net liabilities disposed of  (21)  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary:  Consideration received  -  Net liabilities disposed of  21  Gain on disposal  21   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 37.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets  Amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents)  114,141  261,355  Debt instruments at FVTOCI  7,712  23,135  121,853  284,490  Financial liabilities  Amortised cost  25,735  14,688   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial risk management objectives and policies

The  Group's  major  financial  instruments  include  trade  receivables,  other  receivables,  debt instruments  at  FVTOCI,  loan  receivable,  bank  balances  and  cash  and  trade  and  other  payables. Details  of  the  financial  instruments  are  disclosed  in  respective  notes.  The  risks  associated  with these  financial  instruments  include  market  risk  (currency  risk,  interest  rate  risk  and  other  price risk),  credit  risk  and  liquidity  risk.  The  policies  on  how  to  mitigate  these  risks  are  set  out  below. The  management  of  the  Group  manages  and  monitors  these  exposures  to  ensure  appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## 37.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Market risk

## Currency risk

The carrying amounts of the Group's monetary assets which are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the relevant group entities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  US$  1,469  4,155  HK$  30,165  33,048  SGD  2  -  GBP  58  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group currently does not have a foreign exchange hedging policy. However, the management of  the  Group  monitors  foreign  exchange  exposure  and  will  consider  hedging  significant  foreign exchange exposure should the need arises.

## Sensitivity analysis

The Group are mainly exposed to US$ and HK$ exchange rate risk.

The following table details the Group's sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in RMB against US$  and  HK$  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  (2021:  5%).  5%  is  the  sensitivity  rate used  which  represents  management's  assessment  of  the  reasonably  possible  change  in  foreign exchange  rates.  The  sensitivity  analysis  includes  only  outstanding  foreign  currency  denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the year end for a 5% change in foreign currency rate.  The  sensitivity  analysis  includes  bank  balances  and  debt  instruments  at  FVTOCI  that  are denominated in US$ and HK$. A positive number below indicates an increase in loss for the year where US$ and HK$ weaken 5% against the functional currency of the relevant group entities. For a 5% strengthening of US$ and HK$ against the functional currency of the relevant group entities, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the results.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 37.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Market risk (continued)

## Sensitivity analysis (continued)

| US$ Impact  HK$ Impact  2022  2021  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss for the year  55  156  1,131  1,239   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest rate risk

The Group's interest rate risk arises primarily from time deposits and lease liabilities. Bank balances at variable rates, and lease liabilities and time deposits at fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk and fair value interest rate risk respectively. The Group's time deposits and bank balances are placed with certain financial institutions and the management of the Group manages this risk by placing deposits at various maturities and interest rate terms. The Group currently does not hedge its exposure to cash flow and fair value interest rate risk.

## Sensitivity analysis

No sensitivity analysis is presented since the management of the Group considers the exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising from variable-rate bank balances is insignificant.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 37.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment

The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to its trade receivables, receivables from third-party payment platforms, other receivables, bank balances and debt instruments at FVTOCI.

The  Group's  carrying  amount  of  the  respective  recognised  financial  assets  as  stated  in  the consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  represent  the Group's  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  which  will  cause  a  financial  loss  to  the  Group  due  to failure to discharge the obligation by counterparties.

The Group's trade and other receivables are due from a number of individual parties. Credit quality of each party is assessed and outstanding receivables are regularly monitored. Management of the Group  also  makes  periodic  individual  assessment  on  the  recoverability  of  the  receivables  based on  historical  settlement  records,  past  experience  and  also  available  reasonable  and  supportive forward-looking  information.  The  credit  risk  for  trade  and  other  receivables  is  considered  not significant. During the year ended 31 December 2022, impairment loss under ECL model on trade receivables and other receivables of RMB1,670,000 (2021: Nil) and reversal of impairment loss of RMB255,000 (2021: impairment loss of RMB2,341,000), respectively, is recognised in the profit or loss.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group reassessed the impaired other receivables and  considered  that  there  is  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery.  The  relevant  receivable  of RMB1,500,000 (2021: RMB768,000) was written off accordingly.

The credit risk for receivables from third-party payment platforms with gross carrying amounts of RMB70,000 (2021: RMB79,000) is considered low as such amounts are the cash settlement from creditworthy third-party payment platforms within one month. The credit risk for bank balances with gross carrying amounts of RMB94,961,000 (2021: RMB259,844,000) are considered low as such amounts are placed in banks with good reputation.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 37.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

The Group also considers the probability  of  default  upon  initial  recognition  of  asset  and  whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis. To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on an asset as  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  with  the  risk  of  default  as  at  the  date  of  initial  recognition. It  considers  available  reasonable  and  supportive  forward-looking  information,  especially  the actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are  expected  to  cause  a  significant  change  to  the  counterparties'  ability  to  meet  its  obligation. The  management  of  the  Group  considers  that  there  is  no  material  increase  in  the  credit  risk  on receivables  from  third-party  payment  platforms  and  bank  balances  for  the  year  and  the  risk  of default is insignificant. The ECL for receivables from third-party platforms and bank balances were insignificant for the year.

The  Group's  debt  instruments  at  FVTOCI  mainly  comprise  promissory  notes  that  are  issued  by certain financial institutions. For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses estimated credit rating of the issuers to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial  recognition. During the year ended 31 December 2022, reversal of impairment loss on debt instruments at FVTOCI amounting to RMB929,000 (2021: impairment loss on debt instruments at FVTOCI amounting to RMB1,393,000) is recognised in the profit or loss.

The Group have concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are deposited with several banks. However, the credit risk on bank balances is limited because the counterparties are with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies, and ECL is insignificant.

## Liquidity risk

In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group's operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.

Taking  into  account  the  cash  from  the  operating  activities  and  proceeds  from  the  Listing,  the directors  consider  that  the  Group  has  sufficient  working  capital  to  meet  in  full  its  financial obligations as they fall due for at least the next twelve months from the end of the reporting period and accordingly the financial statement has been prepared on a going concern basis.

The following table details the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

## 37.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Liquidity risk (continued)

The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. The undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

| Effective  interest  rate  On demand  or less than  3 months  3 months-  1 year  1-5  years  Over  5 years  Total un-  discounted  cashflows  Total  Carrying  amount  %  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 31 December 2022  Other payables and accrued  charges  N/A  25,735  -  -  -  25,735  25,735  Lease liabilities  3.25  279  3,703  6,199  -  10,181  10,005  26,014  3,703  6,199  -  35,916  35,740  At 31 December 2021  Trade payables  N/A  259  -  -  -  259  259  Other payables and accrued  charges  N/A  14,429  -  -  -  14,429  14,429  Lease liabilities  3.25  440  5,542  17,381  1,106  24,469  22,757  15,128  5,542  17,381  1,106  39,157  37,445   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The management of the Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values at the end of the reporting period based on discounted cash flow analysis.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 37.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

## Fair value of Group's financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

| Fair value at  Financial assets  31 December  2022  31 December  2021  Fair value  hierarchy  Valuation technique and key inputs  RMB'000  RMB'000  Debt instruments at FVTOCI  7,712  23,135  Level 3  Discounted cash flows  Key inputs:  a discount rate that reflects the credit  risk of the financial institutions   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during both years.

## Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

| Equity  instruments  at FVTOCI  Financial  assets at  FVTPL  Debt  instruments  at FVTOCI  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Note 21(b))  (Note 21(c))  (Note 21(a))  At 1 January 2021  5,000  10,000  -  15,000  Impairment loss recognised in profit or  loss  -  -  (1,393)  (1,393)  Exchange difference  -  -  (505)  (505)  Fair value change recognised in other  comprehensive income  (5,000)  -  -  (5,000)  Purchased  -  -  25,033  25,033  Settlements  -  (10,000)  -  (10,000)  At 31 December 2021  -  -  23,135  23,135  Reversal of impairment loss recognised in  profit or loss  -  -  929  929  Exchange difference  -  -  314  314  Settlements  -  -  (16,666)  (16,666)  At 31 December 2022  -  -  7,712  7,712   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 38.  CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to owners of the Company through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

The capital  structure  of  the  Group  consists  of  net  debt,  which  includes  lease  liabilities  disclosed in  note  30,  net  of  cash  and  cash equivalents, and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising paid up capital, other reserves and retained profits.

Management of the Group reviews the capital structure on a regular basis and considers the cost of  capital  and  the  risks  associated  with  each  class  of  capital.  The  Group  will  balance  its  overall capital structure through the payment of dividend, new share issues and raise of new borrowings.

## 39.  RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities, including both  cash  and  non-cash  changes.  Liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities  are  those  for  which cash flows were, for future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

| Lease  liabilities  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021  233,951  Net financing cash flows  (41,590)  Finance costs  7,174  Recognition of lease liabilities  29,713  Derecognition of lease liabilities  (206,491)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  22,757  Net financing cash flows  (1,903)  Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 35)  1,487  Finance costs  230  Recognition of lease liabilities  8,961  Derecognition of lease liabilities  (21,527)  At 31 December 2022  10,005   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 40.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## Compensation of key management personnel

The remuneration of the directors and other members of key management during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 was as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Short-term benefits  1,939  5,685  Post-employment benefits  110  268  2,049  5,953   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 41.  PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES

## (a) General information of subsidiaries

The Company has equity interests in the following principal subsidiaries:

| Name of subsidiaries  Place of  incorporation/  registration  Place of  operation  Paid up capital  Percentage of equity  interest held  by the Company  as at 31 December  Principal activities  Legal form  2022  2021  Subsidiaries:  Golden Town Ventures Limited  The British Virgin  Islands  Hong Kong  US$50,000  100  100  Investment holding  Private limited liability  company  Dashan Education (HK) Company Limited  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$1  100  100  Investment holding  Private limited liability  company  WFOE  PRC  PRC  RMB1,000,000  100  100  Sales of books and  teaching materials  and provision of  technical services  Domestic limited liability  company  Zhengzhou Dashan Guangxiao  PRC  PRC  -  77  51  Study abroad agency  services  Domestic limited liability  company  Zhengzhou Youni Physical Club Company  Limited*  ^  ('  Youni  ')  鄭州優尼之星體育俱樂部有限公司  PRC  PRC  -  N/A  80  Physical training  services  Domestic limited liability  company  Zhengzhou Chengzicheng Education  Consulting Company Limited*  #  鄭州橙⼦橙教育諮詢有限公司  PRC  PRC  -  N/A  100  Information technology  training services  Domestic limited liability  company  Henan Dashan Peijiang Education Information  Consulting Company Limited*  河南省大⼭培匠教育信息諮詢有限公司  PRC  PRC  -  57  57  Vocational education  services  Domestic limited liability  company  Yutou Media **  PRC  PRC  RMB1,000,000  100  N/A  Provision of  consultancy  services  Domestic limited liability  company  Structured entities (note):  Dashan Training  PRC  PRC  RMB32,260,000  100  100  After-school education  services  Domestic limited liability  company  Jingguang Dashan  PRC  PRC  RMB1,000,000  100  100  After-school education  services  Domestic limited liability  company  Zhengzhou Zhongzhichaung **  PRC  PRC  -  60  N/A  Vocational training  and technical  education for  adults in relation to  computer science  and information  technology  Domestic limited liability  company  Zhengzhou Xinyouni Physical Club  Company Limited ('  Xinyouni  ')**  PRC  PRC  -  80  N/A  Physical training  services  Domestic limited liability  company   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

鄭州優尼新體育俱樂部有限公司

* The English name is for identification purpose only.

^ Subsidiary which was deregistered during the year ended 31 December 2022.

# Subsidiaries which were disposed of during the year ended 31 December 2022.

** Subsidiaries which were acquired or registered during the year ended 31 December 2022.

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 41.  PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

## (a) General information of subsidiaries (continued)

None of the subsidiaries had any debt securities during the year or outstanding at the end of the reporting periods.

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally affected the results or assets and liabilities of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

Note:

The  Company  does  not  have  direct  or  indirect  legal  ownership  in  equity  of  these  structured  entities  or  their subsidiaries. Nevertheless, Contractual Arrangements have been entered into with these structured entities and the equity holders of these structured entities on 12 January 2020 as detailed in note 2.

## (b) Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests

The  table  below  shows  details  of  non-wholly  owned  subsidiaries  of  the  Group  that  has material non-controlling interests as at 31 December 2022.

| Name of subsidiary  Place of  incorporation  and principal  place of  business  Proportion of ownership  interests and voting  rights held by non-  controlling interests  Profit/(loss) allocated to  non-controlling interests  Accumulated non-  controlling interests  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Xinyouni  PRC  20%  N/A  (606)  -  (606)  -  Youni ^  PRC  N/A  20%  129  (229)  -  (229)  Individually immaterial  subsidiaries with  non-controlling interests  (378)  (114)  (716)  (114)  (855)  (373)  (1,322)  (373)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ deregistered during the year ended 31 December 2022

## 41.    PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (continued)

Summarised  financial  information  in  respect  of  the  Group's  subsidiary,  Xinyouni,  that  has material non-controlling interest is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations as at 31 December 2022.

| 2022  RMB'000  Xinyouni  Current assets  387  Non-current assets  2,459  Current liabilities  (4,749)  Non-current liabilities  (1,130)  (3,033)  Equity attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  (2,427)  - Non-controlling interests of Xinyouni  (606)  (3,033)  Revenue  1,211  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year  (3,033)  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  (2,427)  - Non-controlling interests of Xinyouni  (606)  (3,033)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 41.  PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (continued)

Summarised  financial  information  in  respect  of  the  Group's  subsidiary,  Youni,  that  has material non-controlling interest is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations as at 31 December 2021.

| 2021  RMB'000  Youni  Current assets  103  Non-current assets  3,053  Current liabilities  (3,594)  Non-current liabilities  (706)  (1,144)  Equity attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  (915)  - Non-controlling interests of Youni  (229)  (1,144)  Revenue  -  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year  (1,144)  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  (915)  - Non-controlling interests of Youni  (229)  (1,144)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 42.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

| 2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current assets  Investment in a subsidiary  -  -  Amounts due from subsidiaries  146,740  134,282  Long-term deposits  11,636  -  Debt instruments at FVTOCI  7,712  23,135  166,088  157,417  Current assets  Other receivables  999  551  Bank balances and cash  23,997  14,066  24,996  14,617  Current liabilities  Amounts due to subsidiaries  -  459  Other payables and accrued charges  11,919  810  11,919  1,269  Net current assets  13,077  13,348  Net assets  179,165  170,765  Capital and reserves  Share capital  7,223  7,223  Reserves  (a)  171,942  163,542  Total equity  179,165  170,765   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 42.    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

Note:

(a) Movements in the Company's reserves:

| Share  premium  Accumulated  losses  Shares  held under  share award  scheme  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021  237,106  (34,806)  -  202,300  Loss and total comprehensive expense  for the year  -  (13,014)  -  (13,014)  Purchase of share under shares award scheme  -  -  (25,744)  (25,744)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  237,106  (47,820)  (25,744)  163,542  Profit and total comprehensive income  for the year  -  8,400  -  8,400  At 31 December 2022  237,106  (39,420)  (25,744)  171,942   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 43.  MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS

During the year, the Group has entered into the following major non-cash transactions:

Right-of-use  assets  for  buildings  with  a  total  amount  of  RMB8,982,000  (2021:  RMB29,821,000) and lease liabilities of RMB8,961,000 (2021: RMB29,713,000) were recognised on commencement date of new leases entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022.

Right-of-use  assets  for  buildings  with  a  total  carrying  amount  of  RMB12,698,000  (2021: RMB188,946,000)  and  lease  liabilities  of  RMB21,527,000  (2021:  RMB206,491,000)  were derecognised during the year ended 31 December 2022 upon early termination of relevant lease agreements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

## 44.  EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

In addition to those as disclosed in other notes to the consolidated financial statements, the Group has the following significant events after the reporting period:

In  early  January  2023,  the  Group  acquired  51% of total  equity  interests  of  Beijing  Dancing  Actor Culture Development Co., Ltd. ( 北京舞主角文化發展有限公司 ), a company established in the PRC with  limited  liability  at  a  total  consideration  of  RMB2,000,000.  The  acquisition  was  completed  in early January 2023.

On 17 July 2023, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement relating to the acquisition of 60% equity interests of Jiangxi Hengxueyun Data Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 江西恆學雲數據科技有 限公司 )  and its subsidiaries from independent third parties at a consideration of RMB23,120,000. The acquisition was completed on the same date.

On 31 August 2023, the Group disposed of its entire 100% equity interests of Zhengzhou Dashan Yubei Study Abroad Service Co., Ltd to an Independent third party at nil consideration, resulting gain on disposal of approximately RMB284,000.

On  14  September  2023,  the  Group  entered  into  a  sale  and  purchase  agreement  relating  to  the disposal  of  60%  equity  interests  of  Zhengzhou  Zhongzhichuang  (as  defined  in  note  35(a))  to independent third parties, at a cash consideration of RMB1,300,000. The disposal was completed on the same date, resulting loss on disposal of approximately RMB140,000.

* The English name is for identification purpose only.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

| ## Year ended 31 December  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  289,787  383,647  333,041  352,874  27,674  Profit/(loss) for the year  attributable to:  Owners of the Company  44,943  48,966  2,053  (56,423)  (30,548)  Non-controlling interests  -  -  -  (373)  (855)  44,943  48,966  2,053  (56,796)  (31,403)  ## As at 31 December  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Assets and liabilities  Total assets  421,676  537,609  791,092  329,541  269,034  Total liabilities  334,331  449,688  456,789  82,778  53,844  87,345  87,921  334,303  246,763  215,190  Equity attributable to:  Owners of the Company  87,345  87,921  334,303  247,136  216,512  Non-controlling interests  -  -  -  (373)  (1,322)  87,345  87,921  334,303  246,763  215,190   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GLOSSARY

In  this  annual  report  (other  than  the  Independent  Auditor's  Report  and  the  consolidated  financial statements), unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the meanings set out below:

| 'AGM'  the annual general meeting of the Company  'Articles of Association'  the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to time  'associate(s)'  has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules  'Audit Committee'  the audit committee of the Board  'Auditor'  the auditor of the Company  'Award Shares'  award shares granted under the Share Award Scheme  'Board'  the board of Directors  'Business Day'  the day on which banks in Hong Kong are generally open for normal banking transactions (except Saturdays, Sundays, public holidays and days  when  tropical  cyclone  warning  signal  No.  8  or  above  or  black rainstorm  warning  signal  is  hoisted  in  Hong  Kong  from  9:00  a.m.  to 5:00 p.m.)  'Chairman'  the chairman of the Board  'China' or 'PRC'  the People's Republic of China, which for the purpose of this annual report,  shall  exclude  Hong  Kong,  the  Macau  Special  Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan  'CEO'  the chief executive officer of the Company  'close associate(s)'  has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules  'Company'  Dashan  Education  Holdings  Limited,  a  company  incorporated  in  the Cayman Islands  with  limited  liability,  whose  issued  shares  are  listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange with stock code 9986  'Companies Ordinance'  the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong)  'Company Secretary'  the company secretary of the Company  'connected person(s)'  has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules  'Consolidated Affiliated  Entity(ies)'  an  entity  or  the  entities  controlled  by  the  Company  through  the Contractual  Arrangements  which  comprised,  as  at  the  date  of  this annual report, Dashan Training and Jingguang Dashan   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

'Contractual Arrangements'

the arrangements under the Structured Contracts, details of which are described in the section headed 'Structured Contracts' contained in the Directors' Report of this annual report

## GLOSSARY

| 'Controlling Shareholder(s)'  has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules and unless  the context requires otherwise, refers to the controlling shareholders  of the Company, being Lucky Heaven and Mr. Zhang Hongjun or any  of them  'Corporate Governance Code'  the  Corporate  Governance  Code  as  set  out  in  Appendix  C1  to  the  Listing Rules  'Dashan Consultancy'  Zhengzhou  Dashan  Corporate  Management  Consultancy  Company  Limited* (  鄭州大⼭企業管理諮詢有限公司  ), a company established in  the PRC with limited liability on 18 October 2018  'Dashan Management'  Zhengzhou Dashan Corporate Management Centre (LLP)* (  鄭州大⼭  企業管理中心  (  有限合夥  )), a limited partnership established in the PRC  on 31 May 2016  'Dashan Training'  Zhengzhou Jinshui Dashan Technology Training Company Limited* (  鄭  州市金水區大⼭科技培訓有限公司  )  (formerly  known  as  Zhengzhou  Jinshui  Dashan  Training  School  Company  Limited*  (  鄭州市金水區大  ⼭培訓學校有限公司  ),  Zhengzhou  Dashan  Education  Consultancy  Company  Limited*  (  鄭州大⼭教育諮詢有限公司  )  and  Zhengzhou  Dashan Education Technology Company Limited* (  鄭州大⼭教育科技  股份有限公司  )), a company established in the PRC with limited liability  on 30 December 2010, one of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities  "Dashan Yunxiao"  Zhengzhou Dashan Yunxiao Technology Company Limited* (  鄭州大⼭  雲效科技有限公司  ),  a  wholly  foreign  owned enterprise established in  the PRC on 9 January 2019 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary  of the Company  'Deed of Non-competition'  the  deed  of  non-competition  dated  23  June  2020  given  by  each  of  the Controlling Shareholders in favour of the Company (for itself and  as trustee for and on behalf of each of the subsidiaries)  'Director(s)'  the director(s) of the Company  'EGM'  the extraordinary general meeting of the Company  'FY2021'  the year ended 31 December 2021  'FY2022' or 'Reporting Period'  the year ended 31 December 2022  'GBP'  Great Britain Pound, the lawful currency of UK  'Group'  the Company and its subsidiaries  'HK$'  Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong  'Hong Kong'  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 'Hong Kong Branch Share  Registrar'  Tricor  Investor  Services  Limited,  the  Hong  Kong  branch  share  registrar and transfer office of the Company  'Houde Education'  Zhengzhou  Houde  Education  Consultancy  Company  Limited*  (  鄭州  市厚德教育諮詢有限公司  ),  a  company  established  in  the  PRC  with  limited  liability  on  25  March  2008,  which  is  wholly-owned  by  Mr.  Zhang Hongjun  'Independent Third Party(ies)'  third party(ies) who is/are independent of and not connected with the  Company and its connected persons and not a connected person of  the Company  'INED(s)'  the independent non-executive Director(s)  'Investment Management  Committee'  the investment management committee of the Board  'Jingguang Dashan'  Zhengzhou  Jingguang  Dashan  Training  School  Company  Limited*  (  鄭州京廣大⼭培訓學校有限公司  )  (formerly  known  as  Zhengzhou  Jingguang Dashan Education Consultancy Limited* (  鄭州市京廣大⼭  教育諮詢有限公司  )),  a  company  established  in  the  PRC  with  limited  liability  on  21  September  2015,  which  is  one  of  the  Consolidated  Affiliated Entities and is wholly-owned by Dashan Training  'Listing Rules'  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange  'Lucky Heaven'  Lucky  Heaven  International  Limited,  a  Substantial  Shareholder  and  a  limited  company  incorporated  in  the  British  Virgin  Islands,  which  is  wholly  owned  by  Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun,  an  executive  Director,  the  Chairman and the CEO  'Model Code'  the  Model  Code  for  Securities  Transactions  by  Directors  of  Listed  Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules  'Nomination Committee'  the nomination committee of the Board  'Remuneration Committee'  the remuneration committee of the Board  'RMB'  Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC  'Prospectus'  the prospectus issued by the Company dated 30 June 2020  'Registered Shareholders'  the  registered  shareholders  of  Dashan  Training,  including  Mr.  Zhang  Hongjun,  Mr.  Shan  Jingchao,  Mr.  Zhang  Junying,  Houde  Education  and Dashan Consultancy  'SFO'  the  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  (Chapter  571  of  the  Laws  of  Hong Kong)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GLOSSARY

| 'Share Award Scheme'  the  share  award scheme of the Company adopted on 14 December 2020  'Share Option Scheme'  the share option scheme of the Company adopted on 18 June 2020 the holder(s) of the Share(s)  'Shareholder(s)'  'Share(s)'  the  ordinary  share(s)  of  HK$0.01  each  in  the  issued  and  unissued share capital of the Company  'Stock Exchange'  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited  'Structured Contracts'  the  structured  contracts  through  which  the  Group  obtains  control over and derive the economic benefits from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities,  as  further  described  in  the  section  headed  'Structured Contracts' of the Prospectus  'Substantial Shareholder(s)'  has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules  'UK'  the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland  'Zhonghui Anda'  Zhonghui Anda CPA Limited, the Auditor  '%'  per cent   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For identification purpose only