## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## Form 10-K

- ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Commission file number:

001-33899

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada

20-0064269

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, KS

66215

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (913) 814-7774

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Common Stock, $0.001 par value

DGLY

The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

(Title of class)

(Trading Symbol)

(Name of each exchange on which registered)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

☐ No ☒

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  (1)  has  filed  all  reports  required  to  be  filed  by  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934  during  the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☐

Accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☒

Smaller reporting company ☒

Emerging growth company ☐

If  an  emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  any  of  those  error  corrections  are  restatements  that  required  a  recovery  analysis  of  incentive-based  compensation  received  by  any  of  the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes

☐ No ☒

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed by reference to the closing price ($15.80), was: $34,496,434, which have been adjusted for the Reverse Split (as defined below).

The number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023 was: 2,755,224 as adjusted for the Company's 1-for-20 reverse stock split, which was effective on February 6, 2023 (the 'Reverse Split'). All share and price per share information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Split.

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None.

## FORM 10-K DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

## DECEMBER 31, 2022

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Page  PART I  Item 1.  Business  3  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  12  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  12  Item 2.  Properties  13  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  13  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  14  PART II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  15  Item 6.  [Reserved]  15  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  15  Item 7a.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  38  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  38  Item 9.  Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  38  Item 9A  Controls and Procedures  38  Item 9B.  Other Information  39  Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  39  PART III  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  40  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  47  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  56  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  57  Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  57  PART IV  Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  58  SIGNATURES  Signatures  60  2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Item 1. Business.

## Overview

We were incorporated in Nevada on December 13, 2000 as Vegas Petra, Inc. From that date until November 30, 2004, when we entered into a Plan of Merger with Digital Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation which was formerly known as Trophy Tech Corporation (the 'Predecessor Registrant'), we had not conducted any operations and were a closely-held company. In conjunction with the merger, we were renamed Digital Ally, Inc.

On January 2, 2008, we commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol 'DGLY.' We conduct our business from 14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, Kansas 66215. Our telephone number is (913) 814-7774. Our website address is www.digitalallyinc.com. The contents of, or information accessible through, our website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, as well as beneficial ownership filings available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are available to the public through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

On  August  23,  2022  (the  'Effective  Time'),  the  Predecessor  Registrant  merged  with  and  into  its  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  DGLY  Subsidiary  Inc.,  a  Nevada corporation (the 'Registrant'), pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger, dated as of August 23, 2022 (the 'Merger Agreement'), between the Predecessor Registrant and the Registrant, with the Registrant as the surviving corporation in the merger (such transaction, the 'Merger'). At the Effective Time, Articles of Merger were filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, pursuant to which the Registrant was renamed 'Digital Ally, Inc.' and, by operation of law, succeeded to the assets, continued the business and assumed the rights and obligations of the Predecessor Registrant immediately prior to the Merger. Under the Nevada Revised Statutes, shareholder approval was not required in connection with the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.

At the  Effective  Time,  pursuant  to  the  Merger  Agreement,  (i)  each  outstanding  share  of  Predecessor  Registrant's  common  stock,  par  value  $0.001  per  share  (the 'Predecessor Common Stock') automatically converted into one share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Registrant ('Registrant Common Stock'), (ii) each outstanding option, right or warrant to acquire shares of Predecessor Common Stock converted into an option, right or warrant, as applicable, to acquire an equal number of shares  of  Registrant  Common  Stock  under  the  same  terms  and  conditions  as  the  original  options,  rights  or  warrants,  and  (iii)  the  directors  and  executive  officers  of  the Predecessor Registrant were appointed as directors and executive officers, as applicable, of the Registrant, each to serve in the same capacity and for the same term as such person served with the Predecessor Registrant immediately before the Merger.

For the purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, (i) the term 'our,' or 'us' refers to the Predecessor Registrant and its subsidiaries with respect to the period prior to the Effective Time and to the Registrant and its subsidiaries with respect to the period on and after the Effective Time; (ii) as of any period prior to the Effective Time, references to the 'directors' mean the directors of the Predecessor Registrant, and, as of any period at and after the Effective Time, the directors of the Registrant, (iii) as of any period prior to the Effective Time, references to 'stockholders' mean the holders of Predecessor Common Stock, and, as of any period at  and  after  the Effective Time, the holders of Registrant Common Stock, and (iv) as of any period prior to the Effective Time, references to 'Common Stock' means the Predecessor Common Stock, and, as of any period at and after the Effective Time, Registrant Common Stock.

The business of the Registrant, Digital Ally, Inc. (with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Digital Ally International, Inc., Shield Products, LLC, Digital Ally Healthcare, LLC, TicketSmarter, Inc., Worldwide Reinsurance, Ltd., Digital Connect, Inc., BirdVu Jets, Inc., Kustom 440, Inc., and its majority-owned subsidiary Nobility Healthcare, LLC, collectively, 'Digital Ally,' 'Digital,' and the 'Company'), is divided into three reportable operating segments: 1) the Video Solutions Segment, 2) the Revenue Cycle Management  Segment  and  3)  the  Entertainment  Segment.  The  Video  Solutions  Segment  is  our  legacy  business  that  produces  digital  video  imaging,  storage  products, disinfectant and related safety products for use in law enforcement, security and commercial applications. This segment includes both service and product revenues through our subscription  models  offering  cloud  and  warranty  solutions,  and  hardware  sales  for  video  and  health  safety  solutions.  The  Revenue  Cycle  Management  Segment  provides working capital  and  back-office  services  to  a  variety  of  healthcare  organizations  throughout  the  country,  as  a  monthly  service  fee.  The  Entertainment  Segment  acts  as  an intermediary between ticket buyers and sellers within our secondary ticketing platform, ticketsmarter.com, and we also acquire tickets from primary sellers to then sell through various platforms. The accounting guidance on Segment Reporting establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires selected information of those segments to be presented in financial statements. The following table sets forth the Company's total revenue and the revenue derived from each reportable operating segment:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Net Revenues:  Video Solutions  $  8,252,288  $  9,073,626  Revenue Cycle Management  7,886,107  1,630,048  Entertainment  20,871,500  10,709,760  Total Net Revenues  $  37,009,895  $  21,413,434   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PART I

Additional  information  regarding  each  reportable  operating  segment  is  also  included  in  Note  23  entitled  Segment  Data  of  'Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial Statements'.

## Video Solutions Operating Segment

Within our video solutions operating segment we supply technology-based products utilizing our portable digital video and audio recording capabilities for the law enforcement and security industries and for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets. We have the ability to integrate electronic, radio, computer, mechanical, and multimedia technologies to create positive solutions to our customers' requests. Our products include: the EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM-800 Lite, which are in-car digital video systems for law enforcement and commercial markets; the FirstVu body-worn camera line, consisting of the FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, and the FirstVu HD; our patented and revolutionary VuLink product which integrates our body-worn cameras with our in-car systems by providing hands-free automatic activation for both law enforcement and commercial markets; the FLT-250, DVM-250, and DVM-250 Plus, which are our commercial line of digital video mirrors that serve as 'event recorders' for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets; and FleetVu and VuLink, which are our cloud-based evidence management systems. We further diversified and broadened our product offerings in  2020,  by  introducing  two  new  lines  of  branded  products:  (1)  the  ThermoVu® which  is a line of  self-contained temperature  monitoring stations that provides alerts and controls facility access when an individual's temperature exceeds a pre-set threshold and (2) our Shield™ disinfectants and cleansers which are for use against viruses and bacteria.

Our video solutions segment revenue encompasses video recording products and services for our law enforcement and commercial customers and the sale of Shield TM disinfectant and personal protective products. This segment generates revenues through our subscription models offering cloud and warranty solutions, and hardware sales for video and personal protective safety products and solutions. Revenues for product sales are recognized upon delivery of the product, and revenues from our cloud and warranty subscription plans are deferred over the term of the subscription, typically 3 or 5 years.

## Revenue Cycle Management Operating Segment

We entered the revenue cycle management business late in the second quarter of 2021 with the formation of our wholly owned subsidiary, Digital Ally Healthcare, Inc. and its majority-owned subsidiary Nobility Healthcare, LLC ('Nobility Healthcare'). Nobility Healthcare completed its first acquisition on June 30, 2021, when it acquired a private medical billing company, and has since completed three more acquisitions of private medical billing companies, in which we assist in providing working capital and back-office services to healthcare organizations throughout the country. Our assistance consists of insurance and benefit verification, medical treatment documentation and coding, and collections. Through our expertise and experience in this field, we aim to maximize our customers' service revenues collected, leading to substantial improvements in their operating margins and cash flows.

Our revenue cycle management segment consists of our medical billing subsidiaries. Revenues of this segment are recognized after we perform the obligations of our revenue cycle management services. Our revenue cycle management services are services, performed and charged monthly, generally based on a contractual percentage of total customer collections, for which we recognize our net service fees.

## Entertainment Operating Segment

We  have  also  entered  into  live  entertainment  and  events  ticketing  services  through  the  formation  of  our  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  TicketSmarter,  Inc. ('TicketSmarter') and its completed acquisitions of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC, on September 1, 2021. TicketSmarter provides ticket sales, partnerships, and mainly, ticket resale services through its online ticketing marketplace for live events, TicketSmarter.com. TicketSmarter offers tickets for over 125,000 live events through its platform, for a wide range of events, including concerts, sporting events, theatres, and performing arts, throughout the country.

Our  entertainment  operating  segment  consists  of  ticketing  services  provided  through  TicketSmarter  and  its  online  platform,  TicketSmarter.com.  Revenues  of  this segment include ticketing service charges generally determined as a percentage of the face value of the underlying ticket and ticket sales from our ticket inventory which are recognized when the underlying tickets are sold. Ticketing direct expenses include the cost of tickets purchased for resale by the Company and held as inventory, credit card fees, ticketing platform expenses, website maintenance fees, along with other administrative costs.

## Our Video Operating Segment Products and Services

Through  our  video  operating  segment  we  supply  technology-based  products  utilizing  our  portable  digital  video  and  audio  recording  capabilities  for  the  law enforcement and security industries and for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets. We have the ability to integrate electronic, radio, computer, mechanical, and multimedia technologies to create positive solutions to our customers' requests. Our products include: the EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM-800 Lite, which are in-car digital video systems  for  law  enforcement  and  commercial  markets;  the  FirstVu  body-worn  camera  line,  consisting  of  the  FirstVu  Pro,  FirstVu,  and  the  FirstVu  HD;  our  patented  and revolutionary  VuLink  product  integrates  our  body-worn  cameras  with  our  in-car  systems  by  providing  hands-free  automatic  activation  for  both  law  enforcement  and commercial markets; the FLT-250, DVM-250, and DVM-250 Plus, which are our commercial line of digital video mirrors that serve as 'event recorders' for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets; and FleetVu and VuLink, which are our cloud-based evidence management systems. We further diversified and broadened our product offerings in  2020,  by  introducing  two  new  lines  of  branded  products:  (1)  the  ThermoVu® which  is a line of  self-contained temperature  monitoring stations that provides alerts and controls facility access when an individual's temperature exceeds a pre-set threshold and (2) our Shield™ disinfectants and cleansers which are for use against viruses and bacteria.

## In-Car Digital Video Mirror System for Law Enforcement - EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM-800 Lite

In-car video systems for patrol cars are a necessity and have generally become standard. Current systems are primarily digital based systems with cameras mounted on the windshield and the recording device generally in the trunk, headliner, dashboard, console or under the seat of the vehicle.

The Company launched its in-car digital video platform under the name EVO-HD during the second quarter of 2019. The EVO-HD is a revolutionary in-car system that delivers versatility and reliability for law enforcement.

With built-in, patented auto-activation technology, EVO-HD captures multiple recording angles in sync from a FirstVu PRO or FirstVu HD body-worn camera and up to four HD in-car cameras - all from a single trigger. The EVO-HD maximizes space and offers top-end reliability when paired with remote service capabilities. An internal cell modem will allow for connectivity to the VuVault.net cloud, powered by Amazon Web Services ('AWS') and real time metadata when in the field.

The Company offers the DVM-800, a continuation in the family of highly successful digital video mirrored (DVM) systems developed by the Company. The DVM800 is a time-tested, compact, powerful and easy-to-use solution designed for law enforcement. The DVM-800 system has built-in road and driver facing cameras and can record up to two external HD cameras. The DVM-800 is compatible with the patented VuLink® auto-activation technology and can be paired with a FirstVu HD body-worn camera.

The Company also offers the DVM-800 Lite, an entry level system is a self-contained video recorder, microphone and digital storage system that is integrated into a rear-view mirror and is designed for law enforcement. The system can record up to two internal HD cameras.

## In-Car Digital Video 'Event Recorder' System - DVM-250 Plus and FLT-250 for Commercial Fleets

Digital Ally provides commercial fleets and commercial fleet managers with the digital video tools that they need to increase driver safety, track assets in real-time and minimize the company's liability risk while enabling fleet managers to operate the fleet at an optimal level. We market a product designed to address these commercial fleet markets with our DVM-250 Plus and FLT-250 event recorders that provide various types of commercial fleets with features and capabilities that are fully-customizable and consistent with their specific application and inherent risks.

The DVM-250 Plus is a part of the DVM family and is designed for commercial fleets featuring built-in digital audio and video recording technology and other features to provide commercial fleet managers unmatched driver and asset management - all while aiming to deliver the return on investment that matters most: the safety and security of drivers and passengers. The DVM-250 Plus is designed to capture events, such as wrecks and erratic driving or other abnormal occurrences, for evidentiary or training purposes. The commercial fleet markets may find our units attractive from both a feature and a cost perspective compared to other providers. Due to our marketing efforts, commercial fleets are beginning to adopt this technology, and in particular, the ambulance and taxi-cab markets.

In the first quarter of 2021, Digital Ally released the FLT-250, offering the same great features of the DVM-250 Plus in a new compact, non-mirrored form factor that allows for multiple mounting options in any vehicle type for commercial fleets. We believe that, due to non-mirror-based aspect of this product, the FLT-250 will become more attractive for our potential customers, as it is a much simpler plug and play option compared to mirror-based products.

Digital  Ally  offers  a  suite  of  data  management  web-based  tools  to  assist  fleet  managers  in  the  organization,  archival,  and  management  of  videos  and  telematics information.  Within  the  suite,  there  are  powerful  mapping  and  reporting  tools  that  are  intended  to  optimize  efficiency,  serve  as  training  tools  for  teams  on  safety,  and, ultimately, generate a significant return on investment for the organization.

We expect the EVO-HD to become the platform for a new family of in-car video solution products for the commercial markets. The innovative EVO-HD technology is expected  to  replace  the  current  in-car  mirror-based  systems  with  a  miniaturized  system  that  can  be  custom-mounted  in  the  vehicle,  while  offering  numerous  hardware configurations to meet the varied needs and requirements of our commercial customers. In its commercial market application, the EVO-HD can support up to four HD cameras, with two cameras having pre-event and ECA capabilities to allow customers to review entire shifts. An internal cell modem will allow for connectivity to the FleetVu Manager cloud-based system for commercial fleet tracking and monitoring, which is powered by AWS and real time metadata when in the field.

## Body-Worn Digital Video System - FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, and FirstVu HD for Law Enforcement and Private Security

During  2021,  Digital  Ally  launched  two  next  generation  body-worn  cameras  and  docking  stations,  refreshing  the  Company's  complete  ecosystem  of  evidence recording devices. The latest body worn camera launched by the Company is the FirstVu Pro, the Company's flagship product in its family of next generation of technology. The light weight, one-piece unit captures full HD video and audio, while offering industry leading features such as live streaming, a full-color touchscreen display, an advanced image sensor with IR LEDs, proprietary image distortion reduction, IP67 rated resisting dust and wind and is water submersible for 30 minutes at a depth of 3 feet. It is also MIL-STD-810G compliant capable of handling drops, shock, and vibration, and will function flawlessly in a wide temperature range.

In addition to the FirstVu Pro, Digital Ally also added the FirstVu II to its family of next generation technology. The FirstVu II is a one-piece device offering industry leading technology such as an articulating camera head, a full-color display, an advanced image sensor, and GPS. It can be used in law enforcement, private and event security and commercial segments.

Digital Ally still carries the FirstVu HD, the two-piece body-worn camera which allows for multiple mounting options while minimizing space and weight. It can be used in law enforcement, private and event security and commercial segments. This system is also a derivative of our in-car video systems, but is much smaller and lighter and more rugged and water-resistant to handle a hostile outdoor environment. The FirstVu HD can be used in many applications in addition to law enforcement and private security and is designed specifically to be clipped to an individual's pocket or other outer clothing. The unit is self-contained and requires no external battery or storage devices. Our FirstVU HD integrates with our in-car video systems through our patented VuLink system allowing for automatic activation of both systems.

With the newly introduced body-worn cameras, Digital Ally also introduced two new QuickVu docking stations compatible with the FirstVu PRO and FirstVu II bodyworn cameras. The QuickVu docking stations provide a comprehensive and elegant solution for storing and charging body cameras while uploading video evidence to the cloud. QuickVu also allows for rapid reviewing of footage right from the interactive touchscreen display, and is available in eight or twenty-four individual docking bays. For docking with the FirstVu HD body-worn cameras, Digital Ally offers a 12-bay docking station and Mini-Docks. The 12-bay docking station includes a 1TB local memory hard drive which simultaneously upload 4 hours of video from 12 FirstVu HD cameras within a 15-minute shift change and push configuration updates. The Mini-Dock is a single unit, portable smart dock that uploads video evidence to VuVault from a FirstVu HD body camera.

## Auto-activation and Interconnectivity Between In-car Video Systems and Body-worn Camera Products - VuLink for Law Enforcement

Recognizing a critical limitation in law enforcement camera technology, we pioneered the development of our VuLink ecosystem that provides intuitive auto-activation functionality  as  well  as  coordination  between  multiple  recording  devices.  The  United  States  Patent  and  Trademark  Office  (the  'USPTO') has recognized these pioneering efforts by granting us multiple patents with claims covering a variety of triggers, including emergency lights and sirens, extreme acceleration or braking, g-force or any 12-volt relay.  Additionally,  the  awarded  patent  claims  cover  automatic  coordination  between  multiple  recording devices. Prior  to our  VuLink  ecosystem,  officers  had  to  manually activate each device while responding to emergency scenarios, a requirement that both decreased the usefulness of the existing camera systems and diverted officers' attention during critical moments.

## EVO Web and FleetVu Manager

EVO Web is a web-based software, powered by and hosted on the AWS GovCloud platform, that enables police departments and security agencies to manage digital video evidence quickly and easily. EVO Web is capable of playing back, reviewing, downloading, archiving, unit configuration and management, running customizable reports and maintaining a chain of custody logs. AWS is the most secure cloud platform on the market with features that go beyond simply storing and reviewing video evidence. AWS GovCloud platform is trusted by the Department of Justice, Defense Digital Services for the US Air Force, U.S. Department of Treasury, and U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Our products that are compatible with EVO Web include: FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, FirstVu HD, QuickVu, EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM-800 Lite.

FleetVu Manager is a web-based software that provides commercial fleet managers with the tools to increase driver safety, track assets in real-time and minimize their companies' liability risks. FleetVu Manager is able to generate driver reports, identify at risk behaviors before an incident takes place, and enable commercial fleet managers to manage the entire fleet through a single, easy to use platform. Our products compatible with FleetVu Manager include: DVM-250 and FLT-250.

## Shield TM Heath Protection Products

The  Company's  Shield TM   brand  offers  a  variety  of  products  to  help  keep  you  safe,  including;  Shield  Cleansers,  ThermoVu,  Shield  Electrostatic  Sprayer,  Shied Disinfectant, and a variety of personal protection equipment including masks, gloves and sanitizer wipes.

Shield Cleansers is a full line of safe and effective hypochlorous acid (HOCl) based products - and is free of toxic bleach, ammonia, methanol, ethanol, and alcohol ingredients. Shield Disinfectant is EPA approved and has shown effectiveness against SARS-COV-2, the virus that causes the novel COVID-19 disease. Other products in the Shield brand include animal wellness products, wound care, and household cleaning solutions.

ThermoVu  is  a  non-contact  temperature-screening  instrument  that  measures  temperature  through  the  wrist  and  controls  entry  to  facilities  when  temperature measurements  exceed  pre-determined  parameters.  ThermoVu  has  optional  features  such  as  facial  recognition  to  improve  facility  security  by  restricting  access  based  on temperature and/or facial recognition reasons. ThermoVu provides an instant pass/fail audible tone with its temperature display and controls access to facilities based on such results.

Shield  Electrostatic  Sprayer  is  a  compact  and  lightweight  disinfecting  sprayer  utilizing  electrostatic  induction.  The  charged  particles  repel  each  other  and  affix  to surfaces more evenly, eliminating large droplets for better disinfecting coverage. It is ideal for use in office buildings, schools, and other populated areas.

The Company has been distributing other personal protective equipment and supplies, since the second quarter of 2021, such as masks and gloves to supplement its Shield brand of products to health care workers as well as other consumers, consisting of vinyl and nitrile gloves, level 3 and N95 NIOSH certified face masks, and disposable wipes.

## Our Revenue Management Operating Segment Products and Services

Through our revenue cycle management segment, we provide assistance in providing working capital and back-office services to healthcare organizations throughout the country. Our RCM operating segment services consist of insurance and benefit verification, medical treatment documentation and coding, and collections. Through our expertise and experience in this field, we maximize our customers' service revenues collected, leading to substantial improvements in their operating margins and cash flows. We generally receive a service fee based on a percentage of the service revenues collected by our customers.

## Our Entertainment Operating Segment Products and Services

Through  our  entertainment  segment,  we  provide  customers  with  access to the online live event ticketing marketplace  through  our  online platform -TicketSmarter.com .  Offering  over  48  million  tickets  for  sale  for  over  125,000  live  events,  TicketSmarter  is  a  national  ticket  marketplace  offering  tickets  for  live  events featuring sports, concerts and theatre. TicketSmarter is the official ticket resale partner of more than 35 collegiate conferences, over 300 universities, and hundreds of events and venues.

Our entertainment  operating  segment  primarily  receives  compensation  for  its  services  generally  determined  as  a  percentage  of  the  face-value  of  the  tickets  being purchased. Our entertainment operating segment also provides customers with access to tickets which it has purchased or received in return for its sponsorship or partnership from the venue, event or owner.

## Market and Industry Overview - Video Solutions Operating Segment

Our video solutions segment has historically had a primary market of domestic and international law enforcement agencies. We have since expanded our scope by pursuing the commercial fleet vehicle and mass transit markets. Additionally, we have expanded into event security services where we provide the hardware and software to supplement private security for NASCAR races, football and other sporting events, concerts and other events where people gather. We continue to further expand our focus on private  security,  homeland  security,  mass  transit,  healthcare,  general  retail,  educational,  general  consumer  and  other  commercial  markets.  In  that  regard,  we  have  several installations involving private security on cruise ships and similar markets. We believe there are many potential private uses of our product offerings. We continue to have sales in  the  commercial fleet and ambulance service provider market, confirming that our DVM-250 Plus and FLT-250 products and FleetVu Manager can become a significant revenue producer for us. Additionally, our body-worn cameras have applications in law enforcement, along with private and event security, as well as commercial segments. With the recent acquisitions we completed in 2021, we hope to utilize the connections we now have to live events, stadiums, and arenas, as well as new medical connections.

## Market and Industry Overview - Revenue Cycle Management Operating Segment

Our revenue cycle management segment consists of end-to-end revenue cycle management services that focuses on claim reimbursement billing, verification, and related services to medical providers throughout the country. We offer agreements with customers in which we provide our services and bill the customers monthly for our services. The healthcare industry in the United States represents a strong portion of the United States' economy, offering a robust market for these services. Our current market includes many diverse specialties, including radiology, oncology, orthopedics, pediatrics, internal medicine, and cardiology. We continue to investigate ways to expand our market reach, although can make no assurances in that regard.

## Market and Industry Overview - Entertainment Operating Segment

Our entertainment segment refers to the sale of event tickets primarily through our online and mobile platforms. We will buy inventory of event ticket to then sell tickets through various platforms, including our own. Our resale services refer to the sale of tickets by a holder, who originally obtained the tickets directly from a venue or entity, through our platform in which we then collect services fees on the transaction. This is commonly referred to as secondary ticketing. We work directly with consumers looking to buy or sell event tickets for particular shows, concerts, games, and other events, allowing a simple and effective platform to move tickets. We also currently partner with more than 35 collegiate conferences, over 300 universities, and hundreds of events and venues.

## Competition - Video Solutions Operating Segment

Our video solutions segment, consisting of law enforcement and security surveillance markets, is extremely competitive. Competitive factors in these industries include ease of use, quality, portability, versatility, reliability, accuracy and cost. There are direct competitors with technology and products in the law enforcement and surveillance markets for all of our products, including those that are in development. Many of these competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater financial, technical, marketing and manufacturing resources, more extensive distribution channels, larger customer bases and faster response times to adapt new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. Our primary competitors in the in-car video systems market include L-3 Mobile-Vision, Inc., Coban Technologies, Inc., Enforcement Video, LLC d/b/a WatchGuard Video ('WatchGuard'), Kustom Signals, Panasonic System Communications Company, International Police Technologies, Inc. and a number of other competitors who sell, or may in the future sell, in-car video systems to law enforcement agencies. Our primary competitors in the body-worn camera market include Axon Enterprises, Inc. ('Axon'), Reveal Media, WatchGuard, and VieVU, Inc., which was acquired by Axon in 2018. We face similar and intense competitive factors for our event recorders in the commercial fleet and private security markets as we do in the law enforcement and security surveillance markets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to  compete successfully in these markets. Further, there can be no assurance that new and existing companies will not enter the law enforcement and security surveillance markets in the future. The commercial fleet security and surveillance markets likewise are also very competitive. There are direct competitors for our FLT-250 and DVM-250 Plus 'event recorders,' which may have greater financial, technical marketing, and manufacturing resources than we do. Our primary competitors in the commercial fleet sector include Lytx, Inc. (previously DriveCam, Inc.) and SmartDrive Systems, among others.

## Competition - Revenue Cycle Management Operating Segment

Our revenue cycle management segment is a highly competitive market that is only intensifying as the market continues to grow. We face competition from a variety of sources, including internal revenue cycle management departments within healthcare organizations, as these organizations are beginning to make internal investments in these departments to keep these services in house. Additionally, other revenue cycle management providers exist and offer similar services through software vendors, traditional consultants, and information technology sources.

## Competition - Entertainment Operating Segment

Our entertainment segment faces robust competition from several sources throughout the industry. As the online and mobile ticketing market continues to increase, it has allowed for more technology-based companies to offer ticketing services and systems. The online environment consists of numerous other websites and platforms for all markets. With the market continuing to grow, resale marketplaces and websites can reach a vastly larger audience with more convenient access to tickets for a wide variety of events. We continue to build our brand and recognition, through the numerous partnerships and sponsorships throughout the country, in attempt to become a preferred platform for consumers.

## Worldwide Reinsurance Ltd.

In  December  2021,  the  Company  formed  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Worldwide  Reinsurance  Ltd.  ('Worldwide  Re'),  a  Bermuda  incorporated  captive  insurance company that  will  provide  primarily  liability  insurance  coverage  to  the  Company  for  which  insurance  may  not  be  currently  available  or  economically  feasible  in  today's insurance marketplace.

Worldwide Re is subject to capital and other regulatory requirements imposed by the Bermuda Monetary Authority ('BMA'). Although these capital requirements are generally less constraining than U.S. capital requirements, failure to satisfy these requirements could result in regulatory actions from the BMA or loss of or modification of Worldwide Re's Class 1 insurer license, which could adversely impact our ability to support our insurance needs and to grow this business into another line of business for our holding company. To date, our captive's relatively immature claims history limits the predictive value of estimating the costs of incurred and future claims. Accordingly, the captive could continue to incur significant fluctuations in financial results as the captive provides insurance coverage to Digital Ally and its affiliated businesses and seeks to expand beyond our affiliated companies to offer coverage for third parties.

## Intellectual Property - Video Solutions Operating Segment

Our video solutions operating segment's ability to compete effectively will depend on our success in protecting our proprietary technology, both in the United States and abroad. We have filed for patent protection in the United States and certain other countries to cover certain design aspects of our products.

Some of our patent applications are still under review by the USPTO and, therefore, we have not yet been issued all the patents that we applied for in the United States. We were issued several patents in recent years, including a patent on our VuLink product that provides automatic triggering of our body-worn camera and our in-car video systems.  No  assurance  can  be  given  which,  or  any,  of  the  patents  relating  to  our  existing  technology  will  be  issued  from  the  United  States  or  any  foreign  patent  offices. Additionally, no assurance can be given that we will receive any patents in the future based on our continued development of our technology, or that our patent protection within and/or outside of the United States will be sufficient to deter others, legally or otherwise, from developing or marketing competitive products utilizing our technologies.

We  have  entered  into  supply  and  distribution  agreements  with  several  companies  that  produce  certain  of  our  products,  including  our  DVM-250  and  DVM-800 products.  These  supply  and  distribution  agreements  contain  certain  confidentiality  provisions  that  protect  our  proprietary  technology,  as  well  as  that  of  the  third-party manufacturers.

In addition to seeking patent protection, we rely on trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological advancement to seek to achieve and thereafter maintain a competitive  advantage.  Although  we  have  entered  into  or  intend  to  enter  into  confidentiality  and  invention  agreements  with  our  employees,  consultants  and  advisors,  no assurance can be given that such agreements will be honored or that we will be able to effectively protect our rights to our unpatented trade secrets and know-how. Moreover, no assurance can be given that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets and know-how.

## Intellectual Property - Revenue Cycle Management Operating Segment

Our revenue cycle management's operating segment's ability to compete effectively primarily depends on our trade secrets and know-how and does not depend heavily on any proprietary technology or patents.

## Intellectual Property - Entertainment Operating Segment

Our entertainment  operating  segment's  ability  to  compete  effectively  primarily  depends  on  our  trade  secrets  and  know-how  and  does  not  depend  heavily  on  any proprietary technology or patents.

## Human Capital

As of December 31, 2022, Digital Ally, and its subsidiaries, had approximately 201 full-time employees spread throughout the country, representing the core values and objectives of the Company. These employees are spread amongst our operating segments as follows:

| As of  December 31,  2022  Employee headcount:  Video Solutions  109  Revenue Cycle Management [1]  78  Entertainment  14  Total Employee Headcount  201   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

[1] Our revenue cycle management operating segment has no direct employees. Nobility Healthcare, our minority interest partner provides all human capital resources to manage and operate the Company's revenue cycle management operating segment.

Our employees are our most important assets and they set the foundation for our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. All of our employees contribute to Digital Ally's  success  and,  in  particular,  the  employees  in  our  manufacturing,  sales,  research  and  development,  and  quality  assurance  departments  are  instrumental  in  driving operational execution and strong financial performance, advancing innovation and maintaining a strong quality and compliance program.

Our employees are not covered by any collective bargaining agreement, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. We strive to create a culture and work environment  that  enables  us  to  attract,  train,  promote,  and  retain  a  diverse  group  of  talented  employees  who  together  can  help  us  gain  a  competitive  advantage.  Our  key programs and initiatives that are focused to attract, develop and retain our diverse workforce include:

- Compensation Programs and Employee Benefits: the main objective of Digital Ally's compensation program is to provide a compensation package that will attract, retain, motivate and reward superior employees who must operate in a highly competitive and technologically challenging environment. We seek to do this by linking annual changes in compensation to overall Company performance, as well as each individual's contribution to the results achieved. The emphasis on overall Company performance  is  intended  to  align  the  employee's  financial  interests  with  the  interests  of  shareholders.  Digital  Ally  also  seeks  fairness  in  total  compensation  with reference  to  external  comparisons,  internal  comparisons  and  the  relationship  between  management  and  non-management  remuneration.  The  structure  of  our compensation programs balances incentive earnings for both short-term and long-term performance. Specifically:

- We provide employee wages that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic location.
- We align our executives' long-term equity compensation with our shareholders' interests by linking realizable pay with stock performance.
- Annual increases and incentive compensation are based on merit, which is communicated to employees at the time of hiring and documented through our talent management process as part of our annual review procedures and upon internal transfer and/or promotion.
- All employees are eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, short-term disability, worker's compensation, long-term disability, a retirement plan and life and disability/accident coverage. We also offer a variety of voluntary benefits that allow employees to select the options that meet their needs.

## Item 1A. Risk Factors.

Not applicable.

## Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

## Item 2. Properties.

On May 13, 2020, the Company entered into an operating lease for new warehouse and office space which had served as its principal executive office and primary business location, prior to the completed building purchase. The Company plans to relocate the entertainment operating segment operations to this existing leased facility in 2023. This facility contains approximately 16,531 square feet and is located at 15612 College Blvd, Lenexa, Kansas 66219. The lease terms, as amended, include no base rent for the first nine months and monthly payments ranging from $12,398 to $14,741 thereafter, with a termination date of December 31, 2026.

On April 30, 2021, the Company closed on the purchase and sale agreement to acquire a 71,361 square feet commercial office building located in Lenexa, Kansas which is intended to serve as the Company's future office and warehouse needs for executive offices and for management and warehouse operations for the video solutions operating segment. The building contains approximately 30,000 square feet of office space and the remainder warehouse space. The total purchase price was approximately $5.3 million. The Company funded the purchase price with cash on hand, without the addition of external debt or other financing.

On June 30, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of a private medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare, a majority owned subsidiary. Upon completion of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller's office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from $2,648 to $2,774 and terminate in July 2024. The Company plans to relocate the revenue cycle management operating segment acquired operations to existing owned or leased facilities upon termination of this operating lease.

On August 31, 2021,  the  Company  completed  the  acquisition  of  another  private  medical  billing  company,  through  Nobility  Healthcare.  Upon  completion  of  this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller's office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from $11,579 to $11,811 and terminate in March 2023. The Company plans to relocate the revenue cycle management operating segment acquired operations to existing owned or leased facilities upon termination of this operating lease.

On September 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC, through TicketSmarter. Upon completion of this acquisition, the Company became responsible for the operating lease for the TicketSmarter office space. The lease terms included monthly payments ranging from $7,211 to $7,364 and expired in December 2022. The Company signed a six month extension through June 2023, and plans to relocate the entertainment operating segment operations at that time.

On  January  1,  2022,  the  Company  completed  the  acquisition  of  another  private  medical  billing  company,  through  Nobility  Healthcare.  Upon  completion  of  this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller's office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from $4,233 to $4,626 and terminate in June 2025. The Company plans to relocate the revenue cycle management operating segment acquired operations to existing owned or leased facilities upon termination of this operating lease.

## Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

From time to time, we are notified that we may be a party to a lawsuit or that a claim is being made against us. It is our policy to not disclose the specifics of any claim or threatened lawsuit until the summons and complaint are actually served on us. After carefully assessing the claim, and assuming we determine that we are not at fault or we disagree  with  the  damages  or  relief  demanded,  we  vigorously  defend  any  lawsuit  filed  against  us.  We  record  a  liability  when  losses  are  deemed  probable  and  reasonably estimable. When losses are deemed reasonably possible but not probable, we determine whether it is possible to provide an estimate of the amount of the loss or range of possible  losses  for  the  claim,  if  material  for  disclosure.  In  evaluating  matters  for  accrual  and  disclosure  purposes,  we  take  into  consideration  factors  such  as  our  historical experience with matters of a similar nature, the specific facts and circumstances asserted, the likelihood of our prevailing, the availability of insurance, and the severity of any potential loss. We reevaluate and update accruals as matters progress over time.

While the ultimate resolution is unknown, we do not expect that these lawsuits will individually, or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that any expense, liability or damages that  may  ultimately  result  from  the  resolution  of  these  matters  will  be  covered  by  our  insurance  or  will  not  be  in  excess  of  amounts  recognized  or  provided  by  insurance coverage and will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition or cash flows.

## Culp McCauley

On May 31, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit against Culp McAuley, Inc. ('defendant') in the United States District Court for the District of Kansas. The lawsuit arises from the defendant's multiple breaches of its obligations to the Company. The Company seeks monetary damages and injunctive relief based on certain conduct by the defendant. On July 18, 2022, the defendant filed its Answer to the Company's Verified Complaint and included Counterclaims alleging breach of contract and seeking monetary damages. On August 8, 2022, the Company filed its Reply and Affirmative Defenses to the Counterclaims by, among other things, denying the allegations and any and all liability. We have not concluded that a material loss related to the allegations is probable, nor have we accrued a liability related to these claims. Although we believe a loss could be reasonably possible (as defined in ASC 450), we do not have sufficient information to determine the amount or range of reasonably possible loss with respect to the potential damages given that the dispute is yet to enter the discovery process. We will continue to vigorously pursue these claims, and we continue to believe that we have valid grounds for recovery of the disputed deliverables. However, there can be no assurances as to the outcome of the dispute.

## Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

## PART II

## Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

## Holders of Common Stock

As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 170 shareholders of record for our Common Stock.

## Dividend Policy

To date, we have not declared or paid cash dividends on our shares of Common Stock. The holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to non-cumulative dividends on the shares of Common Stock, when and as declared by our board of directors ('Board of Directors' or 'Board') in its discretion. We intend to retain all future earnings, if any, for our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant.

## Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

Except as previously reported by the Company on its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or its Current Reports on Form 8-K, as applicable, we did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that were not registered under the Securities Act.

## Item 6. [Reserved].

## Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.

This  discussion  contains  forward-looking  statements  within  the  meaning  of  Section  27A  of  the  Securities  Act  and  Section  21E  of  the  Exchange  Act.  The  words 'believe,' 'expect,' 'anticipate,' 'intend,' 'estimate,' 'may,' 'should,' 'could,' 'will,' 'plan,' 'future,' 'continue,' and other expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and trends and that do not relate to historical matters identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations or forecasts of future events, can be affected by inaccurate assumptions, and are subject to various business risks and known and unknown uncertainties, a number of which are beyond our control. Therefore, actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this document, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.

We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A wide variety of factors could cause or contribute to such differences and could adversely impact revenues, profitability, cash flows and capital needs. There can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this document will, in fact, transpire or prove to be accurate.

Factors that could cause or contribute to our actual results differing materially from those discussed herein or for our stock price to be adversely affected include, but are  not  limited  to:  (1)  our  losses  in  recent  years,  including  fiscal  years  2022  and  2021;  (2)  economic  and  other  risks  for  our  business  from  the  effects  of  the  COVID-19 pandemic, including the impacts on our law-enforcement and commercial customers, suppliers and employees and on our ability to raise capital as required; (3) our ability to increase revenues, increase our margins and return to consistent profitability in the current economic and competitive environment; (4) our operation in developing markets and uncertainty as to market acceptance of our technology and new products; (5) the availability of funding from federal, state and local governments to facilitate the budgets of law enforcement agencies, including the timing, amount and restrictions on such funding; (6) our ability to deliver our new product offerings as scheduled in 2023, and whether new products perform as planned or advertised and whether they will help increase our revenues; (7) whether we will be able to increase the sales, domestically and internationally, for our products in the future; (8) our ability to maintain or expand our share of the market for our products in the domestic and international markets in which we compete, including increasing our international revenues; (9) our ability to produce our products in a cost-effective manner; (10) competition from larger, more established companies with far greater economic and human resources; (11) our ability to attract and retain quality employees; (12) risks related to dealing with governmental entities as customers; (13) our expenditure of significant resources in anticipation of sales due to our lengthy sales cycle and the potential to receive no revenue in return; (14) characterization of our market by new products and rapid technological change; (15) that stockholders may lose all or part of their investment if we are unable to compete in our markets and return to profitability; (16) defects in our products that could impair our ability to sell our products or could result in litigation and other significant costs; (17) our dependence on key personnel; (18) our reliance on third-party distributors and sales representatives for part of our marketing capability; (19) our dependence on a few manufacturers and suppliers for components of our products and our dependence on domestic and foreign manufacturers for certain of our products; (20) our ability to protect technology through patents and to protect our proprietary technology and information, such as trade secrets, through other similar means; (21) our ability to generate more recurring cloud and service revenues; (22) risks related to our license arrangements; (23) our revenues and operating results may fluctuate unexpectedly from quarter to quarter; (24) sufficient voting power by coalitions of a few of our larger stockholders, including directors and officers, to make corporate governance decisions that could have a significant effect on us and the other stockholders; (25) the sale of substantial amounts of our Common Stock that may have a depressive effect on the market price of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock; (26) the possible issuance of Common Stock subject to options and warrants that may dilute the interest of stockholders; (27) our nonpayment of dividends and lack of plans to pay dividends in the future; (28) future sale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock that could depress the trading price of our common stock, lower our value and make it more difficult for us to raise capital; (29) our additional securities available for issuance, which, if issued, could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our Common Stock; (30) our stock price is likely to be highly volatile due to a number of factors, including a relatively limited public float; (31) whether such technology will have a  significant  impact  on  our  revenues  in  the  long-term;  (32)  whether  we  will  be  able  to  meet  the  standards  for  continued  listing  on  the  Nasdaq  Capital  Market;  and  (33) indemnification of our officers and directors.

## Current Trends and Recent Developments for the Company

## Overview

Video Solutions Operating Segment - Within our video solutions operating segment we supply technology-based products utilizing our portable digital video and audio recording capabilities for the law enforcement and security industries and for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets. We have the ability to integrate electronic, radio, computer, mechanical, and multi-media technologies to create positive solutions to our customers' requests. Our products include: the EVO-HD, DVM-800 and DVM800 Lite, which are in-car digital video systems for law enforcement and commercial markets; the FirstVU body-worn camera line, consisting of the FirstVu Pro, FirstVu, and the FirstVU HD; our patented and revolutionary VuLink product integrates our body-worn cameras with our in-car systems by providing hands-free automatic activation for both law enforcement and commercial markets; the FLT-250, DVM-250, and DVM-250 Plus, which are our commercial line of digital video mirrors that serve as 'event recorders' for the commercial fleet and mass transit markets; and FleetVu and VuLink, which are our cloud-based evidence management systems. We further diversified and broadened our product offerings in 2020, by introducing two new lines of branded products: (1) the ThermoVu® which is a line of self-contained temperature monitoring stations that provides alerts and controls facility access when an individual's temperature exceeds a pre-set threshold and (2) our Shield™ disinfectants and cleansers which are for use against viruses and bacteria.

Revenue Cycle Management Operating Segment We entered the revenue cycle management business late in the second quarter of 2021 with the formation of our wholly owned subsidiary, Digital Ally Healthcare, Inc. and its majority-owned subsidiary Nobility Healthcare. Nobility Healthcare completed its first acquisition in June 2021, when it acquired a private medical billing company, and have since completed three additional acquisitions of private medical billing companies, in which we will assist in providing working capital and back-office services to healthcare organizations throughout the country. Our assistance consists of insurance and benefit verification, medical treatment documentation and coding, and collections. Through our expertise and experience in this field, we maximize our customers' service revenues collected, leading to substantial improvements in their operating margins and cash flows.

Entertainment Operating Segment We also entered into live entertainment and events ticketing services through the formation of our wholly owned subsidiary, TicketSmarter and its completed acquisitions of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC, on September 1, 2021. TicketSmarter provides ticket sales, partnerships, and mainly, ticket resale services through its online ticketing marketplace for live events, TicketSmarter.com. TicketSmarter offers tickets for over 125,000 live events through its platform, for a wide range of events, including concerts, sporting events, theatres, and performing arts, throughout the country.

## Segment Overview

Our reportable segments are: 1) video solutions, 2) revenue cycle management, and 3) entertainment.

## Video Solutions Operating Segment

Our video solutions segment revenue encompasses video recording products and services for our law enforcement and commercial customers and the sale of Shield disinfectant and personal protective products. This segment generates revenues our subscription models offering cloud and warranty solutions, and hardware sales for video and personal  protective  safety  products  and  solutions.  Revenues  for  product  sales  are  recognized  upon  delivery  of  the  product,  and  revenues  from  our  cloud  and  warranty subscription plans are deferred over the term of the subscription, typically 3 or 5 years.

To judge the health of our video solutions segment, we review the current active subscriptions and deferred service revenues, along with the quantity and gross margins generated by our video solutions hardware sales.

## Revenue Cycle Management Operating Segment

Our revenue cycle management segment consists of our medical billing subsidiaries. Revenues of this segment are recognized after we perform our obligations of our revenue cycle management services. Our revenue cycle management segment is services performed and such services are charged monthly, generally based on a contractual percentage of total customer collections, for which we recognize our net service fees.

To judge the health of our revenue cycle management segment, we review the collection success rate and collection timing. In addition, we review the associated costs incurred to assist our customers, and any changes in operating margins and cash flows.

## Entertainment Operating Segment

Our  entertainment  operating  segment  consists  of  ticketing  services  provided  through  TicketSmarter  and  its  online  platform,  TicketSmarter.com.  Revenues  of  this segment include ticketing service charges generally determined as a percentage of the face value of the underlying ticket and ticket sales from our ticket inventory which are recognized when the underlying tickets are sold. Ticketing direct expenses include the cost of tickets purchased for resale by the Company and holds as inventory, credit card fees, ticketing platform expenses, website maintenance fees, along with other administrative costs.

To judge the health of our entertainment operating segment, we review the gross transaction value, which represents the total value related to a ticket sale and includes the face value of the ticket as well as the service charge. In addition, we review the number of visits to our websites, cost of customer acquisition, the purchase conversion rate, the overall number of customers in our database, and the number and percentage of tickets sold via the website and mobile app.

## Summary Financial Data

Summarized financial information for the Company's reportable business segments is provided for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Net Revenues:  Video Solutions  $  8,252,288  $  9,073,626  Revenue Cycle Management  7,886,107  1,630,048  Entertainment  20,871,500  10,709,760  Total Net Revenues  $  37,009,895  $  21,413,434  Gross Profit (loss):  Video Solutions  $  (1,250,277)  $  2,002,345  Revenue Cycle Management  3,303,477  521,047  Entertainment  268,741  3,140,383  Total Gross Profit  $  2,321,941  $  5,663,775  Operating Income (loss):  Video Solutions  $  (9,278,721)  $  (4,497,196)  Revenue Cycle Management  357,705  93,763  Entertainment  (7,369,241)  235,432  Corporate  (13,443,001)  (10,592,909)  Total Operating Income (Loss)  $  (29,733,258)  $  (14,760,910)  Depreciation and Amortization:  Video Solutions  $  769,228  $  395,361  Revenue Cycle Management  128,082  -  Entertainment  1,279,369  427,128  Total Depreciation and Amortization  $  2,176,679  $  822,489  Assets (net of eliminations):  Video Solutions  $  28,509,706  $  25,983,348  Revenue Cycle Management  2,201,570  934,095  Entertainment  11,190,491  12,260,780  Corporate  14,766,295  43,810,974  Total Identifiable Assets  $  56,668,062  $  82,989,197   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Segment net revenues reported above represent only sales to external customers. Segment gross profit represents net revenues less cost of revenues. Segment operating income (loss), which is used in management's evaluation of segment performance, represents net revenues, less cost of revenues, less all operating expenses. Identifiable assets are those assets used by each segment in its operations. Corporate assets primarily consist of cash, property, plant and equipment, accounts receivable, inventories, and other assets.

## Consolidated Results of Operations

We experienced operating losses for all quarters during 2022 and 2021. The following is a summary of our recent operating results on a quarterly basis:

| For the Three Months Ended:  December  31, 2022  September  30, 2022  June 30,  2022  March 31,  2022  December  31, 2021  September  30, 2021  June 30,  2021  March 31,  2021  Total revenue  $  8,879,504  $  8,484,153  $  9,351,457  $ 10,294,781  $ 11,744,112  $  4,639,822  $  2,493,671  $  2,535,829  Gross profit  (1,932,256)  595,500  1,719,078  1,939,619  2,190,523  1,400,570  1,260,800  811,882  Gross profit margin percentage  (21.8)%  7.0%  18.4%  18.8%  18.7%  30.2%  50.6%  32.0%  Total selling, general and administrative expenses  7,769,389  7,162,523  8,380,330  8,742,957  7,869,883  4,999,543  3,877,684  3,677,575  Operating loss  (9,701,645)  (6,567,023)  (6,661,252)  (6,803,338)  (5,679,360)  (3,598,973)  (2,616,884)  (2,865,693)  Operating loss percentage  (109.3)%  (77.4)%  (71.2)%  (66.1)%  (48.4)%  (77.6)%  (104.9)%  (113.0)%  Net income/(loss)  $ (9,574,258)  $ (1,919,071)  $  (682,187)  $  (6,698,242)  $  1,122,791  $  8,068,799  $ (5,382,487)  $ 21,721,858   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our business is subject to substantial fluctuations on a quarterly basis as reflected in the significant variations in revenues and operating results in the above table. These variations result from various factors, including but not limited to: (1) the timing of large individual orders; (2) the traction gained by products, such as the recently released FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, FLT-250, EVO HD, the ThermoVu™ and the Shield™ lines; (3) production, quality and other supply chain issues affecting our cost of goods sold; (4) unusual increases in operating expenses, such as the timing of trade shows and stock-based and bonus compensation; (5) the timing of patent infringement litigation settlements (6) ongoing patent and other litigation and related expenses respecting outstanding lawsuits; and (7) the completion of corporate acquisitions including the recent purchases in the revenue cycle management and entertainment operating segments. We reported net loss of $9,574,258 on revenues of $8,879,504 for the fourth quarter of 2022.

The factors and trends affecting our recent performance include:

- The Company formed two new operating segments in 2021 and revenues increased in the first through third quarters of 2022 compared to the same quarters in 2021.  The  primary  reason  for  the  revenue  increase  in  2022  is  the  completion  of  three  acquisitions  in  2021,  being  TicketSmarter  which  is  included  in  our entertainment operating segment and two acquisitions of medical billing companies through our revenue cycle management operating segment, paired with two further acquisitions within the revenue cycle management operating segment in the first quarter of 2022. The new entertainment operating segment generated $20,871,500 in revenue in 2022, and our revenue cycle management operating segment generated $7,886,107 in revenues for 2022. We expect to continue to experience improved results from our two new operating segments and their recent acquisitions, along with improved results from the video solutions segment as the recurring revenue model expands.
- Our objective  is  to  expand  our  video  solutions  segment's  recurring  service  revenue  to  help  stabilize  our  revenues  on  a  quarterly  basis.  Revenues  from  cloud storages have been increasing in recent quarters and reached approximately $431,167 in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of $128,533 (42%) over the fourth quarter of 2021. Overall, cloud revenues increased to approximately $1,471,860 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to approximately $1,055,965 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of $415,895, or 39%. We are pursuing several new market channels outside of our traditional law enforcement and private  security  customers,  similar  to  our  NASCAR  and  event  security  customers,  which  we  believe  will  help  expand  the  appeal  of  our  products  and  service capabilities to new commercial markets. If successful, we believe that these new market channels could yield recurring service revenues for us in the future.
- We have a multi-year official partnership with NASCAR, naming us 'A Preferred Technology Provider of NASCAR.' As part of the relationship, we provide cameras that are mounted in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series garage throughout the season, bolstering both NASCAR's commitment to safety at every racetrack, as well as enhancing its officiating process through technology. Our relationship with NASCAR has yielded many new opportunities with NASCAR related sponsors. We believe this partnership with NASCAR demonstrates the flexibility of our product offerings and will help expand the appeal of our products and service capabilities to new commercial markets. We also have an affiliation with the Indy series races and, in particular, the Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing team  which  has  several  cars  in  most  Indy  style  races.  These  relationships  provide  us  with  access  to  many  potential  customers  through  the  various  programs supported by both the NASCAR and Indy-Style car race series.

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We do not have any off-balance sheet debt, nor did we have any transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations) or other relationships with any unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on financial conditions, changes in the financial conditions, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenue or expenses.

We are a party to operating leases and license agreements that represent commitments for future payments (described in Note 15, 'Commitments and Contingencies,' to our consolidated financial statements) and we have issued purchase orders in the ordinary course of business that represent commitments to future payments for goods and services.

## For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

## Results of Operations

Summarized immediately below and discussed in more detail in the subsequent sub-sections is an analysis of our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, represented as a percentage of total revenues for each respective year:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Revenue  100%  100%  Cost of revenue  94%  74%  Gross profit  6%  26%  Selling, general and administrative expenses:  Research and development expense  6%  9%  Selling, advertising and promotional expense  25%  27%  General and administrative expense  55%  60%  Total selling, general and administrative expenses  87%  96%  Operating loss  (80)%  (69)%  Change in fair value of derivative liabilities  18%  171%  Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes and earn-out  agreements  1%  17%  Warrant modification expense  -%  (1)%  Change in fair value of short-term investments  -%  -%  Gain on extinguishment of warrant derivative liability  10%  -%  Gain on extinguishment of debt  -%  -%  Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment  1%  -%  Interest income (expense) and other income, net  (1)%  1%  Income (loss) before income tax benefit  (51)%  119%  Income tax expense (benefit)  -%  -%  Net income (loss)  (51)%  119%  Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary  (1)%  -%  Loss on redemption - Series A &amp; B convertible redeemable preferred stock  (6)%  -%  Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders  (59)%  119%  Net income (loss) per share information:  Basic  $  (8.50)  $  10.14  Diluted  $  (8.50)  $  10.14   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenues

## Revenues by Type and by Operating Segment

Our operating segments generate two types of revenues:

Product  revenues primarily  includes  video  operating  segment  hardware  sales  of  in-car  and  body-worn  cameras,  along  with  sales  of  our  ThermoVu TM units, disinfectants, and personal protective equipment. Additionally, product revenues also include the sale of tickets by our entertainment operating segment that have been purchased or received through our sponsorships and partnerships and held in inventory by our entertainment segment until their sale.

Service and other revenues consist of cloud and warranty services revenues from our subscription plan and storage offerings of our video solutions segment. Our entertainment  operating  segments'  secondary  ticketing  marketplace  revenues  are  included  in  service  revenue.  We  recognize  service  revenue  from  sales  generated through its secondary ticketing marketplace as we collect net services fees on secondary ticketing marketplace transactions. Lastly, our revenue cycle management segment revenues are included in the service revenues for services provided to medical providers throughout the country.

The following table presents revenues by type and segment:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  % Change  2021  Product revenues:  Video solutions  $  5,401,089  (15.5)%  $  6,393,050  Entertainment  5,598,803  100.9%  2,787,237  Total product revenues  10,999,892  19.8%  9,180,287  Service and other revenues:  Video solutions  2,851,199  6.4%  2,680,576  Entertainment  15,272,697  92.8%  7,922,523  Revenue cycle management  7,886,107  384.0%  1,630,048  Total service and other revenues  26,010,003  112.6%  12,233,147  Total revenues  $  37,009,895  72.8%  $  21,413,434   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our video operating segment sells our products and services to customers in the following manner:

- Sales  to  domestic  customers  are  made  directly  to  the  end  customer  (typically  a  law  enforcement  agency  or  a  commercial  customer)  through  our  sales  force, comprised of our employees. Revenue is recorded when the product is shipped to the end customer.
- Sales to international customers are made through independent distributors who purchase products from us at a wholesale price and sell to the end user (typically law  enforcement  agencies  or  a  commercial  customer)  at  a  retail  price.  The  distributor  retains  the  margin  as  compensation  for  its  role  in  the  transaction.  The distributor generally maintains product inventory, customer receivables and all related risks and rewards of ownership. Revenue is recorded when the product is shipped to the distributor consistent with the terms of the distribution agreement.
- Repair parts and services for domestic and international customers are generally handled by our inside customer service employees. Revenue is recognized upon shipment of the repair parts and acceptance of the service or materials by the end customer.

Our revenue cycle management operating segment sells its services to customers in the following manner:

- Our revenue cycle management operating segment generates service revenues through relationships with medium to large healthcare organizations, in which the underlying service revenue is recognized upon execution of services. Service revenues are generally determined as a percentage of the dollar amount of medical billings collected by the customer.

Our entertainment operating segment sells our products and services to customers in the following manner:

- Our  entertainment  operating  segment  generates  product  revenues  from  the  sale  of  tickets  directly  to  consumers  for  a  particular  event  that  the  entertainment operating segment has previously purchased and held in inventory for ultimate resale to the end consumer. Service sales through TicketSmarter, are driven largely in  part  to  the  usage  of  the  TicketSmarter.com  marketplace  by  buyers  and  sellers,  in  which  the  Company  collects  service  fees  for  each  transaction  completed through this platform.

We may discount our prices on specific orders based upon the size of the order, the specific customer and the competitive landscape.

Product revenues for  the  years  ended  December 31, 2022  and 2021  were  $10,999,892  and $9,180,287,  respectively,  an increase  of  $1,819,605  (20%),  due  to  the following factors:

- Revenues generated by the new entertainment operating segment began with the Company's acquisition of TicketSmarter on September 1, 2021. The new entertainment operating segment generated $5,598,803 in product revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $2,787,237 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. This largely relates to the Company having a full year of activity in 2022, in comparison to just four months of activity postacquisition in 2021.
- The Company's video solutions operating segment generated product revenues totaling $5,401,089 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to $6,393,050 for the year ended December 31, 2021. In general, our video solutions operating segment has experienced pressure on its product revenues as our in-car and body-worn systems are facing increased competition because our competitors have released new products with advanced features. Additionally, our law  enforcement  revenues  declined  over  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  due  to  price-cutting  and  competitive  actions  by  our  competitors,  adverse marketplace effects related to our patent litigation proceedings and our recent financial condition.

- Our video solutions operating segment management has continued to focus on migrating commercial customers, from a hardware sale to a service fee model. Therefore, we expect a reduction in commercial hardware sales (principally DVM-250's, FLT-250's, and a portion of our body-worn camera line) as we convert these customers to a service model under which we provide the hardware as part of a recurring monthly service fee. In that respect, we introduced a monthly subscription agreement plan for our body worn cameras and related equipment during the second quarter of 2020 that allowed law enforcement agencies to pay a monthly service fee to obtain body worn cameras without incurring a significant upfront capital outlay. This program has gained some traction,  resulting  in  decreased  product  revenues  and  increasing  our  service  revenues.  We  expect  this  program  to  continue  to  hold  traction,  resulting  in recurring revenues over a span of three to five years.

Service and other revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were $26,010,003 and $12,233,147, respectively, an increase of $13,776,856 (113%), due to the following factors:

- Cloud revenues generated  by  the  video  solutions  operating  segment  were  $1,471,860  and  $1,055,965  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021, respectively, an increase of $415,895 (39%). We continue to experience increased interest in our cloud solutions for law enforcement primarily due to the deployment  of  our  cloud-based  EVO-HD  in-car  system  and  our  next  generation  body-worn  camera  products,  which  contributed  to  our  increased  cloud revenues in the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect this trend to continue for 2023 as the migration from local storage to cloud storage continues in our customer base.
- Video solutions operating segment revenues from extended warranty services were $692,017 and $978,018 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,  an  decrease  of  $286,001  (29%).  This  correlates  with  the  decrease  in  sales  of  DVM-800  hardware  systems  resulting  in  a  decrease  in  their associated extended warranty.
- Our new entertainment operating segment generated service revenues totaling $15,272,697 and $7,922,523 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of $7,350,174 (93%). The Company completed the acquisitions of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC in the third quarter of 2021, thus resulting in the new revenue stream for the Company during the last fourth months of 2021 and twelve months ended December 31, 2022. TicketSmarter  collects  fees  on  transactions  administered  through  the  TicketSmarter.com  platform  for  the  buying  and  selling  of  tickets  for  live  events throughout the country. This increase reflects a full twelve months of service revenues by our entertainment operating segment, which we hope will continue to present a strong revenue outlook moving forward.
- Our new revenue cycle management operating segment generated service revenues totaling $7,886,107 and $1,630,048 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of $6,256,059 (384%). Our revenue cycle management operating segment has completed four acquisitions since formation  in  June  2021,  thus  resulting  in  the  new  service  revenue  stream  added  in  the  twelve  months  ended  December  31,  2022.  Our  revenue  cycle management operating segment provides revenue cycle management solutions and back-office services to healthcare organizations throughout the country. We expect our revenue cycle management segment to continue to present a strong revenue outlook moving forward.

Total  revenues  for  the  years  ended  December  31, 2022, and  2021  were $37,009,895 and $21,413,434, respectively, an increase of $15,596,461 (73%), due to the reasons noted above.

## Cost of Product Revenue

Overall cost of product revenue sold for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was $14,372,115 and $8,635,047, respectively, an increase of $5,737,068 (66%). Overall cost of goods sold for products as a percentage of product revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 131% and 94%, respectively. Cost of products sold by operating segment is as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Cost of Product Revenues:  Video Solutions  $  8,332,484  $  6,197,061  Revenue Cycle Management  -  -  Entertainment  6,039,631  2,437,986  Total Cost of Product Revenues  $  14,372,115  $  8,635,047   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The increase in cost of goods sold for our video solutions segment products is due to numerous factors including a sizeable increase in the allowance for excess and obsolete inventory, mostly surrounding the personal protective equipment product line. Cost of product sold as a percentage of product revenues for the video solutions segment increased to 154% for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 97% for the year ended December 31, 2021.

The increase in entertainment operating segment cost of product sold is due to the September 1, 2021 acquisition of TicketSmarter, resulting in a full twelve months of cost of product revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and an increase to cost of product revenue of $3,601,645 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to $2,437,986 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of product sold as a percentage of product revenues for the entertainment segment increased to 108% for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 87% for the year ended December 31, 2021.

We recorded $5,489,541 and $3,353,458 in reserves for obsolete and excess inventories for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total raw materials and component parts were $4,509,165 and $3,062,046 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of $1,447,119 (47%). Finished goods balances were $7,816,618 and $10,512,579 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, a decrease of $2,695,961 (26%) which was attributable to a reduction in inventory for the video solutions product lines and a large decrease in ticket inventory for the newly acquired entertainment segment. The increase in the inventory reserve is primarily due to inventory obsolescence for the level of component parts of the older versions of our printed circuit boards and the phase out of our DVM-750, DVM-500 Plus, LaserAlly legacy products, ThermoVu products, and personal protective equipment. Additionally, the Company determined a reasonable reserve for inventory held at the ticket operating segment, in which some inventory items sell below cost or go unsold, thus having to be fully written-off following the event date. We believe the reserves are appropriate given our inventory levels as of December 31, 2022.

## Cost of Service Revenue

Overall cost of service revenue sold for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was $20,315,839 and $7,114,612, respectively, an increase of $13,201,227 (186%). Overall cost of goods sold for services as a percentage of service revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 78% and 58%, respectively. Cost of service revenues by operating segment is as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Cost of Service Revenues:  Video Solutions  $  1,170,081  $  874,219  Revenue Cycle Management  4,582,630  1,109,001  Entertainment  14,563,128  5,131,392  Total Cost of Service Revenues  $  20,315,839  $  7,114,612   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The increase in cost of service revenues for our video solutions segment is commensurate with the increase in service revenues in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues for the video solutions segment increased to 41% for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 33% for the year ended December 31, 2021.

The increase in revenue cycle management operating segment cost of service revenue is due to the four completed acquisitions of medical billing companies in late 2021 and early 2022. Cost of service revenues as a percentage of product revenues for the revenue cycle management operating segment decreased to 58% for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 68% for the year ended December 31, 2021.

The increase in entertainment operating segment cost of service revenues is due to the September 1, 2021 acquisition of TicketSmarter, resulting in an increase to cost of  service  revenue  to  $14,563,128  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  compared  to  $5,131,392  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  Cost  of  service  revenues  as  a percentage of service revenues for the entertainment increased to 95% for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 65% for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Gross Profit

Overall gross profit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was $2,321,941 and $5,663,775, respectively, a decrease of $3,341,833 (59%). Gross profit by operating segment was as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Gross Profit:  Video Solutions  $  (1,250,278)  $  2,002,345  Revenue Cycle Management  3,303,477  521,047  Entertainment  268,742  3,140,383  Total Gross Profit  $  2,321,941  $  5,663,775   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The overall decrease is attributable to the increase in cost of goods sold across our video and entertainment segments for the year ended December 31, 2022, as there was an overall increase in the cost of sales as a percentage of overall revenues to 94% for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 74% for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our goal is to improve our margins over the longer term based on the expected margins generated by our new recent revenue cycle management and entertainment operating segments together with our video solutions operating segment and its expected margins from our EVO-HD, DVM-800, VuLink, FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, Shield TM  disinfectants and our cloud evidence storage and management offering, provided that they gain traction in the marketplace. In addition, if revenues from the video solutions segment increase, we will seek to further improve our margins from this segment through expansion and increased efficiency utilizing fixed manufacturing overhead components. We plan to continue our initiative to more efficient management of our supply chain through outsourcing production, quantity purchases and more effective purchasing practices.

## Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Overall selling, general and administrative expenses were $32,055,199 and $20,424,685 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of $11,630,514 (57%). The increase was primarily attributable to the recent acquisitions completed in the first quarter of 2022 and third quarter of 2021. Our selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales decreased to 87% for 2022 compared to 95% in the same period in 2021.

The significant components of selling, general and administrative expenses are as follows:

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  Research and development expense  $  2,290,293  $  1,930,784  Selling, advertising and promotional expense  9,312,204  5,717,824  Professional fees and expense  3,297,895  1,513,862  Executive, sales, and administrative staff payroll  6,544,711  3,288,360  Other  10,610,096  7,973,855  Total  $  32,055,199  $  20,424,685   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Selling, general and administrative expenses by operating segment are as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Selling, general and administrative expenses:  Video Solutions  $  9,950,263  $  6,231,254  Revenue Cycle Management  2,575,592  427,284  Entertainment  1,681,997  2,904,951  Corporate  17,847,347  10,861,196  Total selling, general and administrative expenses  $  32,055,199  $  20,424,685   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Research  and  development  expense. Our  video  solutions  operating  segment  continues  to  focus  on  bringing  new  products  to  market,  including  updates  and improvements to current products. Our research and development expenses totaled $2,290,293 and $1,930,784 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of $359,509 (19%). We employed 21 engineers at December 31, 2022 compared to 17 engineers at December 31, 2021, most of whom are dedicated to research and development activities for new products and primarily the FirstVu Pro, FirstVu II, QuickVu docking stations, EVO-HD and non-mirror based DVM-250 that can be located in multiple places in a vehicle. We expect our research and development activities will continue to trend higher in future quarters as we continue to expand our product offerings based on our new EVO-HD product platform and we continue to outsource more development projects. We consider our research and development capabilities and new product focus to be a competitive advantage and will continue to invest in this area on a prudent basis and consistent with our financial resources.

Selling, advertising and promotional expenses. Selling, advertising and promotional expenses totaled $9,312,204 and $5,717,824 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of $3,594,380 (63%). Salesman salaries and commissions for our video solutions segment represent the primary components of these costs and were $1,643,563 and $1,605,034 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a slight increase of $38,529 (2%). The effective commission rate was 4% for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  compared  to  8%  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  We  increased  the  number  of  salesmen  in  our  law  enforcement  and commercial  channels  in  2022  compared  to  2021,  thus  leading  to  an  increase  in  sales  commissions  paid  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022.  Further,  our  recent acquisitions require minimal salespeople, due to their specific service offerings and platforms.

Promotional and advertising expenses totaled $7,668,641 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to $4,112,790 during the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of $3,555,851 (86%). The overall increase is primarily attributable to our 2022 sponsorships within NASCAR and IndyCar, along with TicketSmarter's very active approach to sponsorship and advertising, as they are continuing to build a brand and gaining recognition. TicketSmarter accounted for $4,024,748 of the total promotional and advertising expense for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Professional fees and expense . Professional fees and expenses totaled $3,297,895 and $1,513,862 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase  of  $1,784,033  (118%).  The  increase  in  professional  fees  is  primarily  attributable  to  increased  legal  and  other  fees  in  connection  with  strategic  transactions  and acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022 paired with other current due diligence items and opportunities the Company is exploring. Additionally, board fees, audit fees, and service fees that also attribute to this increase.

Executive, sales and administrative staff payroll. Executive, sales and administrative staff payroll expenses totaled $6,544,711 and $3,288,360 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of $3,256,351 (99%). The primary reason for the increase in executive, sales and administrative staff payroll was the recent formation of the revenue cycle management and entertainment operating segments and their acquisitions of the medical billing companies and TicketSmarter which occurred  in  late  2021  and  early  2022.  These  recent  acquisitions  resulted  in  additional  payroll  expenses  with  expanded  executive  positions,  sales,  and  administrative  staff numbers compared to 2021.

Other .  Other  selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  totaled  $10,610,096  and  $7,973,855  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  respectively,  an increase  of  $2,636,241  (33%).  The  increase  in  other  expenses  in  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  compared  to  the  same  period  in  2021  is  primarily  attributable  to  the increased expenses related to the two new operating segments and their acquisitions, and associated operating expenses, completed during the year ended December 31, 2022, that were not relevant to the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, this increase is also attributable to an increase in travel costs and increased insurance costs, primarily in general liability and related coverages which premiums have been increased throughout the marketplace.

## Operating Loss

For the reasons previously stated, our operating loss was $29,733,258 and $14,760,910 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of $14,972,348 (101%). Operating loss as a percentage of revenues worsened to 80% in 2022 from 69% in 2021.

## Interest and Other Income

Interest  income  decreased  to  $131,025  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  from  $310,200  in  2021,  which  reflects  our  overall  decline  in  our  cash  and  cash equivalent levels in 2022 compared to 2021. The company has completed five acquisitions and numerous other capital expenditures since the beginning of 2021, leading to the decrease in cash balances: thus, leading to a decrease in interest income for the period.

## Interest Expense

We incurred interest expenses of $37,196 and $28,600 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is attributable to the contingent earn-out notes associated with the four Nobility Healthcare acquisitions, currently at a total balance of $777,840 for the four notes, with interest rates of 3.00% per annum.

## Change in Fair Value of Short-Term Investments

We  recognized  a  loss  on  change  in  fair  value  of  short-term  investments  totaling  $84,818  and  $101,645  during  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021, respectively. Such short-term investments are included in cash and cash equivalents as they contain original maturities of ninety (90) days or less. The decrease reflects our overall lower cash and cash equivalent levels in 2022 compared to 2021.

## Change in Fair Value of Warrant Derivative Liabilities

During 2021, the Company issued detachable warrants to purchase a total of 2,127,500 shares of Common Stock in association with the two registered direct offerings previously described. The underlying warrant agreement terms provide for net cash settlement outside the control of the Company in the event of tender offers under certain circumstances. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent changes reported in the condensed consolidated statement of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. The change in fair value of the warrant derivative liabilities during year ended December 31, 2022 totaled $6,726,638, compared to $36,664,907 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was recognized as a gain on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

## Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration Promissory Notes and Earn-Out Agreements

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued a contingent consideration earn-out agreement in connection with the Stock Purchase Agreement between  TicketSmarter,  Inc.,  Goody  Tickets,  LLC  and  TicketSmarter  of  $3,700,000.  Management  determined  that  the  actual  Measurement  Period  EBITDA  generated  by TicketSmarter was less than 70% of the Projected EBITDA threshold provided in such an agreement. Therefore, no TicketSmarter earn-out payments were due under such agreement.  Therefore,  the  fair  value  of  the  contingent  consideration  earn-out  agreement  was  reduced  to  zero,  and  the  resulting  gain  of  $3,700,000  was  reported  in  our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was no gain recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022.

On June 30, 2021, Nobility Healthcare, a subsidiary of the Company, issued a contingent consideration promissory note (the 'June Contingent Note') in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the 'June Seller') of $350,000. Principal payments, since its inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totaled $113,617. The estimated fair value of the note at December 31, 2022 is $176,456, representing a decrease in its estimated fair value of $27,139 as compared to its estimated fair value as of December 31, 2021. Therefore, the Company recorded a gain of $27,139 and $32,789 in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

On August 31, 2021, Nobility Healthcare, issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the 'August Contingent Payment Note') in connection with a stock purchase  agreement  between  Nobility  Healthcare  and  a  private  company  (the  'August  Sellers')  of  $650,000.  Principal  payments,  since  its  inception,  on  this  contingent consideration promissory note totaled $292,953. The estimated fair value of the August Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is $388,954, representing an increase in its estimated  fair  value  of  $31,907  as  compared  to  is  estimated  fair  value  as  of  December  31,  2021.  Therefore,  the  Company  recorded  a  loss  of  $31,907  and  $-0-  in  the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

On January 1, 2022, Nobility Healthcare issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the 'January Contingent Payment Note') in connection with a stock purchase  agreement  between  Nobility  Healthcare  and  a  private  company  (the  'January  Sellers')  of  $750,000.  Principal  payments,  since  its  inception,  on  this  contingent consideration promissory note totaled $120,833. The estimated fair value of the January Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is $208,083, representing a decrease in its estimated  fair  value  of  $421,085  as  compared  to  its  estimated  fair  value  as  of  the  inception  date.  Therefore,  the  Company  recorded  a  gain  of  $421,085  and  $-0-  in  the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

On February 1, 2022, Nobility Healthcare issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the 'February Contingent Payment Note') in connection with an asset purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the 'February Sellers') of $105,000. The estimated fair value of the February Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is $4,346, representing a decrease in its estimated fair value of $100,654 as compared to its estimated fair value as of the inception date. Therefore, the Company recorded a gain of $100,654 and $-0- in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

## Gain on Extinguishment of Debt

We recognized a gain on extinguishment of debt totaling $-0- and $10,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company was notified that its $10,000 EIDL advance received with the Payroll Protection Program (the 'PPP') Loan was fully forgiven, thus included in 'Gain on Extinguishment of Debt' in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, and further resulting in $-0- for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Gain on Extinguishment of Warrant Derivative Liabilities

We recognized a gain on the extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities of $3,624,794 and $-0- during the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. This is in connection with the Warrant Exchange Agreements executed by the Company on August 23, 2022.

## Income/(Loss) before Income Tax Benefit

As a result of the above, we reported a net income/(loss) before income tax benefit of ($18,873,758) and $25,530,961 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decline of $44,404,719 (174%).

## Income Tax Benefit

We recorded an income tax benefit of $-0- for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate for both 2022 and 2021 varied from the expected statutory rate due to our continuing to provide a 100% valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets. We determined that it was appropriate to continue the full valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily because of the recurring operating losses.

We have further determined to continue providing a full valuation reserve on our net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. During 2022, we decreased our valuation reserve on deferred tax assets by $17,220,000 whereby our deferred tax assets continue to be fully reserved due to our recent operating losses.

We had approximately $113,315,000 of federal net operating loss carryforwards and $1,795,000 of research and development tax credit carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 available to offset future net taxable income.

## Net Income/(Loss)

As a result of the above, we reported a net income/(loss) of ($18,873,758) and $25,530,961 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decline of $44,404,719 (174%).

## Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests of Consolidated Subsidiary

The  Company owns a 51% equity interest  in  its  consolidated  subsidiary,  Nobility  Healthcare.  As  a  result,  the  noncontrolling  shareholders  or  minority  interest  is allocated 49% of the income/loss of Nobility Healthcare which is reflected in the statement of income (loss) as 'net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated  subsidiary'.  We  reported  net  income  (loss)  attributable  to  noncontrolling  interests  of  consolidated  subsidiary  of  $407,933  and  $56,453  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Loss on Redemption - Series A &amp; B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company redeemed 1,400,000 shares of Series A &amp; 100,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, for a redemption price of $15,750,000, with a $13,365,000 carrying amount, resulting in a $2,385,000 loss on redemption.

## Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to Common Stockholders

As a result of the above, we reported a net income/(loss) of ($21,666,691) and $25,474,508 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decline of $47,141,199 (185%).

## Basic and Diluted Income/(Loss) per Share

The basic and diluted income/(loss) per share was ($8.50) and $10.14 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the reasons previously noted. All outstanding stock options and common stock purchase warrants were considered antidilutive and therefore excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because all potentially dilutive securities during 2022 had exercise prices in excess of the market value of the company's common stock and because of the net loss reported for 2022.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

## Overall:

Management's Liquidity Plan -We have experienced  net  losses  and  cash  outflows  from  operating  activities  since  inception.  Based  upon  our  current  operating forecast, we anticipate that we will need to restore positive operating cash flows and/or raise additional capital in the short-term to fund operations, meet our customary payment obligations and otherwise execute our business plan over the next 12 months. We are continuously in discussions to raise additional capital, which may include a variety of equity and debt instruments; however, there can be no assurance that our capital raising initiatives will be successful. Our recurring losses and level of cash used in operations, along with uncertainties concerning our ability to raise additional capital, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

Our Common Stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. In order to maintain our listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders' equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that we will be able to comply with the applicable listing standards. See 'Nasdaq Listing' below.

We had $3,532,199 of available cash and equivalents and net working capital of $11,447,313 as of December 31, 2022. Net working capital as of December 31, 2022, included approximately $6.1 million of accounts receivable and other receivables and $6.8 million of current inventory.

Cash,  cash  equivalents: As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  cash  and  cash  equivalents  with  an  aggregate  balance  of  $3,532,199,  a  decrease  from  a  balance  of $32,007,792  for  the  year  December  31,  2021.  Summarized  immediately  below  and  discussed  in  more  detail  in  the  subsequent  subsections  are  the  main  elements  of  the $28,475,593 net decrease in cash during the year ended December 31, 2022:

- Operating activities :
- Investing activities :

$18,580,385  of  net  cash  used  in operating  activities.  Net  cash  used  in  operating  activities  was  $18,580,385  and $17,825,108  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  respectively,  a  deterioration  of  $755,277.  The deterioration is attributable to the net loss incurred for 2022, the non-cash gain attributable to the change in value of the warrant derivative liability, increased accounts receivable and other assets during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021.

$2,940,591 of net cash used in investing activities. Cash used in investing activities was $2,940,591 and $19,124,379 for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021  respectively.  In  2022,  we  incurred  costs  for  the  purchase  of  an aircraft for our BirdVu Jets subsidiary, further building improvements, the closing of one business acquisition and one asset acquisition. In 2021 we incurred costs for: (i) the purchase of an office and warehouse building; (ii) the build out of  the  new  leased  office  and  warehouse  space;  (iii)  the  tooling  of  new  products;  (iv)  patent  applications  on  our proprietary  technology  utilized  in  our  new  products  and  included  in  intangible  assets;  and  (v)  the  closing  of  three acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to only two, smaller acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022.

- Financing activities:

$6,954,617 of  net cash used in financing activities.  Cash  used in financing activities  was $6,954,617  for  the year ended  December  31,  2022,  compared  to  cash  provided  by  financing  activities  of  $64,595,521  for  the  year  ended December  31,  2021.  In  2022,  we  utilized  over  $4.0  million  on  the  stock  repurchase  program,  $2.4  million  for completion of the preferred stock transaction, as well as over $0.5 million on payments of contingent consideration promissory  notes  related  to  the  revenue  cycle  management  segment.  In  2021,  we  closed  two  underwritten  public offerings  of  our  Common  Stock,  which  generated  $66.6  million  of  cash  and  repurchased  and  cancelled  shares  of common stock of approximately $1.98 million.

The net result of these activities was a decrease in cash of $28,475,593 to $3,532,199 for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Commitments:

We had $3,532,199 of cash and cash equivalents and net positive working capital $11,447,313 as of December 31, 2022. Accounts receivable and other receivable balances represented $6,120,578 of our net working capital as of December 31, 2022. We intend to collect our outstanding receivables on a timely basis and reduce the overall level during 2023, which would help to provide positive cash flow to support our operations during 2023. Inventory represented $6,839,406 of our net working capital as of December 31, 2022. We are actively managing the level of inventory and our goal is to reduce such level during 2023 by our sales activities, the increase of which should provide additional cash flow to help support our operations during 2023.

Capital Expenditures .  On  December 6, 2021, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to $10.0 million of the Company's outstanding common stock under the specified terms of a share repurchase program (the 'Program'). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 186,299 shares of its common stock for $4,026,523, in accordance with the Program.

On June 30, 2022, the Board elected to terminate the Program, effective immediately. The Program began in December 2021, with the Company purchasing a total of 273,041 shares at a cost of $6,001,602 through its termination on June 30, 2022.

The Company's revenue cycle management segment completed its third medical billing company acquisition using approximately $1.2 in cash for the portion of the purchase price during 2022. The acquisition of the medical billing company included a contingent consideration promissory note payable to the sellers of $750,000 at closing, which management estimated its fair value of $208,083 as of December 31, 2022.

In addition, the Company's revenue cycle management segment completed its fourth medical billing asset acquisition using approximately $230,000 in cash for a portion of the total purchase price. The acquisition of the fourth medical billing asset purchase price included a contingent consideration promissory note payable to the sellers with an estimated fair value of $105,000 at closing which management estimated its fair value of $4,346 as of December 31, 2022.

Lease commitments. On May 13, 2020, the Company entered into an operating lease for new warehouse and office space, which served as its new principal executive office and primary business location prior to the April 30 purchase and sale agreement. The original lease agreement was amended on August 28, 2020 to correct the footage under lease and monthly payment amounts resulting from such correction. The lease terms, as amended include no base rent for the first nine months and monthly payments ranging  from  $12,398  to  $14,741  thereafter,  with  a  termination  date  of  December  31,  2026.  The  Company  is  responsible  for  property  taxes,  utilities,  insurance  and  its proportionate share of common area costs related to its new location. The Company took possession of the leased facilities on June 15, 2020. The remaining lease term for the Company's office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was forty-eight months.

The Company entered into an operating lease with a third party in October 2019 for copiers used for office and warehouse purposes. The terms of the lease include 48 monthly payments of $1,598 with a maturity date of October 2023. The Company has the option to purchase such equipment at maturity for its estimated fair market value at that point in time. The remaining lease term for the Company's copier operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was ten months.

On June 30, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of its first medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare. Upon completion of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller's office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from $2,648 to $2,774 thereafter, with  a  termination  date  in  July  2024.  The  Company  is  responsible  for  property  taxes,  utilities,  insurance  and  its  proportionate  share  of  common  area  costs  related  to  this location. The remaining lease term for the Company's office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was nineteen months.

On August 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of its second acquired medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare. Upon completion of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller's office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from $11,579 to $11,811 thereafter, with a termination date in March 2023. The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related  to  this  location.  The  Company  took  possession  of  the  leased  facilities  on  September  1,  2021.  The  remaining  lease  term  for  the  Company's  office  and  warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was three months. The Company plans to relocate the revenue cycle management operating segment acquired operations to existing owned or leased facilities upon termination of this operating lease.

On September 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC through TicketSmarter. Upon completion of this acquisition,  the  Company  became responsible for the operating lease for TicketSmarter's office space. The  lease terms include monthly  payments ranging  from $7,211  to $7,364 thereafter, with a termination date of December 2022. The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to this location. The Company took possession of the leased facilities on September 1, 2021. The Company signed a six month extension for the lease, extending the remaining lease term for the Company's office and the remaining lease term for the Company's warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was six months.

On January 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of a private medical billing company, through its revenue cycle management segment. Upon completion of this acquisition, the Company became responsible for the operating lease for the seller's office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from $4,233 to $4,626, with a termination date of June 2025. The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to this location. The Company took possession of the leased facilities on January 1, 2022. The remaining lease term for the Company's office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022, was thirty months.

Lease expense related to the office spaces and copier operating leases was recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Total lease expense under the five operating leases was approximately $547,609 for the year ended December 31, 2022.

The weighted-average remaining lease term related to the Company's lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 3.3 years and 3.8 years, respectively.

The discount rate implicit within the Company's operating leases was not generally determinable, and therefore, the Company determined the discount rate based on its incremental borrowing rate on the information available at commencement date. As of commencement date, the operating lease liabilities reflect a weighted average discount rate of 8%.

The following sets forth the operating lease right of use assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022:

| Assets:  Operating lease right of use assets  $  782,129  Liabilities:  Operating lease obligations-current portion  $  294,617  Operating lease obligations-less current portion  $  555,707  Total operating lease obligations  $  850,324   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Following are the minimum lease payments for each year and in total.

| Year ending December 31:  2023  $  349,811  2024  245,761  2025  196,462  2026  175,113  Total undiscounted minimum future lease payments  967,147  Imputed interest  (116,823)  Total operating lease liability  $  850,324   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Litigation.

From time to time, we are notified that we may be a party to a lawsuit or that a claim is being made against us. It is our policy to not disclose the specifics of any claim or threatened lawsuit until the summons and complaint are actually served on us. After carefully assessing the claim, and assuming we determine that we are not at fault or we disagree  with  the  damages  or  relief  demanded,  we  vigorously  defend  any  lawsuit  filed  against  us.  We  record  a  liability  when  losses  are  deemed  probable  and  reasonably estimable. When losses are deemed reasonably possible but not probable, we determine whether it is possible to provide an estimate of the amount of the loss or range of possible  losses  for  the  claim,  if  material  for  disclosure.  In  evaluating  matters  for  accrual  and  disclosure  purposes,  we  take  into  consideration  factors  such  as  our  historical experience with matters of a similar nature, the specific facts and circumstances asserted, the likelihood of our prevailing, the availability of insurance, and the severity of any potential loss. We re-evaluate and update accruals as matters progress over time.

While the ultimate resolution is unknown, we do not expect that these lawsuits will individually, or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that any expense, liability or damages that  may  ultimately  result  from  the  resolution  of  these  matters  will  be  covered  by  our  insurance  or  will  not  be  in  excess  of  amounts  recognized  or  provided  by  insurance coverage and will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition or cash flows. See Item 3, 'Legal Proceedings,' of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on our litigation.

401 (k) Plan. The Company sponsors a 401(k) retirement savings plan for the benefit of its employees. The plan, as amended, requires the Company to provide 100% matching contributions for employees, who elect to contribute up to 3% of their compensation to the plan and 50% matching contributions for employee's elective deferrals on the next 2% of their contributions. The Company made matching contributions totaling $223,084 and $127,293 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Each participant is 100% vested at all times in employee and employer matching contributions.

## Critical Accounting Estimates

Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1, 'Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ,' to our consolidated financial statements. While the selection and application of any accounting policy may involve some level of subjective judgments and estimates, we believe the following accounting policies are the most critical to our financial statements, potentially involve the most subjective judgments in their selection and application, and are the most susceptible to uncertainties and changing conditions:

- Revenue Recognition / Allowance for Doubtful Accounts;
- Allowance for Excess and Obsolete Inventory;
- Goodwill and other intangible assets;
- Warranty Reserves;
- Stock-based Compensation Expense;
- Fair value of warrants;
- Fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations;
- Accounting for Income Taxes; and
- Redeemable Preferred Stock.

Revenue Recognition / Allowances for Doubtful Accounts. Revenue is recognized for the shipment of products or delivery of service when all five of the following conditions are met:

- (i) Identify the contract with the customer;
- (ii) Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
- (iii) Determine the transaction price;
- (iv) Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
- (v) Recognize revenue when a performance obligation is satisfied.

We consider the terms and conditions of the contract and our customary business practices in identifying our contracts under ASC 606. We determine we have a contract when the customer order is approved, we can identify each party's rights regarding the services to be transferred, we can identify the payment terms for the services, we have determined the customer has the ability and intent to pay and the contract has commercial substance. At contract inception we evaluate whether the contract includes more than one performance obligation. We apply judgment in determining the customer's ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors, including the customer's historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit and financial information pertaining to the customer.

Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the services and the products that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services and the products is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. Our performance obligations consist of (i) products, (ii) professional services, and (iii) extended warranties.

The  transaction  price  is  determined  based  on  the  consideration  to  which  we  expect  to  be  entitled  in  exchange  for  transferring  services  to  the  customer.  Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. None of our contracts contain a significant financing component.

If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price ('SSP').

Revenue for our video solutions segment is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the control of the promised service to a customer. Revenue is recognized when control of the service is transferred to the customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for our services. We generate all our revenue from contracts with customers.

Revenue for our revenue cycle management segment is recorded on a net basis, as its primary source of revenue is its end-to-end service fees. These service fees are reported as revenue monthly upon completion of our performance obligation to provide the agreed upon services.

Revenue for our entertainment segment is recorded on a gross or net basis based on management's assessment of whether we are acting as a principal or agent in the transaction. The determination is based upon the evaluation of control over the event ticket, including the right to sell the ticket, prior to its transfer to the ticket buyer.

We sell our tickets held in inventory, which consists of one performance obligation, being to transfer control of an event ticket to the buyer upon confirmation of the order.  We  act  as  the  principal  in  these  transactions  as  we  own  the  ticket  at  the  time  of  sale,  therefore  we  control  the  ticket  prior  to  transferring  to  the  customer.  In  these transactions, revenue is recorded on a gross basis based on the value of the ticket and is recognized when an order is confirmed. Payment is typically due upon delivery of the ticket.

We also act as an intermediary between buyers and sellers through the online secondary marketplace. Revenues derived from this marketplace primarily consist of service fees from entertainment operations, and consists of one primary performance obligation, which is facilitating the transaction between the buyer and seller, being satisfied at the time the order has been confirmed. As we do not control the ticket prior to the transfer, we act as an agent in these transactions. Revenue is recognized on a net basis, net of the amount due to the seller when an order is confirmed, the seller is then obligated to deliver the tickets to the buyer per the seller's listing. Payment is due at the time of sale.

We review all significant, unusual, or nonstandard shipments of products or delivery of services as a routine part of our accounting and financial reporting process to determine compliance with these requirements. Extended warranties are offered on selected products, and when a customer purchases an extended warranty, the associated proceeds are treated as contract liability and recognized over the term of the extended warranty.

For our video solutions segment, our principal customers are state, local, and federal law enforcement agencies, which historically have been low risks for uncollectible accounts. However, we have commercial customers and international distributors that present a greater risk for uncollectible accounts than such law enforcement customers and we consider a specific reserve for bad debts based on their individual circumstances. As of December 31, 2022, our historical bad debts have been negligible, with less than $286,000 charged off as uncollectible on cumulative revenues of $256.3 million since we commenced deliveries in 2006.

For our  entertainment  segment,  our  customers  are  mainly  online  visitors  that  pay  at  the  time  of  the  transaction,  and  we  collect  the  service  fees  charged  with  the transaction. Thus, leading to minimal risk for uncollectible accounts, to which we then consider a specific reserve for bad debts based on their individual circumstances. As we continue to learn more about the collectability related to this recent acquisition, we will track historical bad debts and continue to assess appropriate reserves.

For our revenue cycle management segment, our customers are mainly medium to large healthcare organizations that are charged monthly upon the execution of our services. Being these customers are healthcare organizations with minimal risk for uncollectible accounts, we consider a specific reserve for bad debts based on their individual circumstances. As we continue to learn more about the collectability related to this recently added segment, we will track historical bad debts and continue to assess appropriate reserves.

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had provided a reserve for doubtful accounts of $152,736 and $113,234, respectively.

We periodically perform a specific review of significant individual receivables outstanding for risk of loss due to uncollectability. Based on such review, we consider our reserve for doubtful accounts to be adequate as of December 31, 2022. However, should the balance due from any significant customer ultimately become uncollectible then our allowance for bad debts will not be sufficient to cover the charge-off and we will be required to record additional bad debt expense in our statement of operations.

Allowance for Excess and Obsolete Inventory. We record valuation reserves on our inventory for estimated excess or obsolete inventory items. The amount of the reserve is equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. On a quarterly basis, management performs an analysis of the underlying inventory to identify reserves needed for excess and obsolescence. Management uses its best judgment to estimate appropriate reserves based on this analysis. In addition, we adjust the carrying value of inventory if the current market value of that inventory is below its cost.

Inventories consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Raw material and component parts  $  4,509,165  $  3,062,046  Work-in-process  3,164  -  Finished goods - video solutions  6,846,091  8,410,307  Finished goods - entertainment  970,527  2,102,272  Subtotal  12,328,947  13,574,625  Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory - video solutions  (5,230,261)  (3,353,458)  Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory - entertainment  (259,280)  (561,631)  Total inventories  $  6,839,406  $  9,659,536   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive delivery performance to our customers against the risk of inventory obsolescence due to changing technology and customer requirements. As reflected above, our inventory reserves represented 44.5% of the gross inventory balance as of December 31, 2022, compared to 28.8% of the gross inventory balance as of December 31, 2021. We had $5,489,541 and $3,915,089 in reserves for obsolete and excess inventories as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total raw materials and component parts were $4,506,709 and $3,062,046 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of $1,444,663 (47%). Finished goods balances were $7,816,618 and $10,512,579 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of $2,695,961 (26%). The decrease in finished goods was primarily attributable to declining inventory for the new Shield product line, our new body-worn cameras and docking stations, along with a decline in inventory  from  our  entertainment  segment,  acquired  in  September  2021.  The  increase  in  the  inventory  reserve  is  primarily  due  to  inventory  obsolescence  for  the  level  of component parts of the older versions of our printed circuit boards and the phase out of our DVM-750, DVM-500 Plus, LaserAlly legacy products, ThermoVu products, and personal protective equipment. Additionally, the Company determined a reasonable reserve for inventory held at the ticket operating segment, in which some inventory items sell below cost or go unsold, thus having to be fully written-off following the event date. We believe the reserves are appropriate given our inventory levels as of December 31, 2022.

If actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management or significant engineering changes to our products that are not anticipated and appropriately managed, additional inventory write-downs may be required in excess of the inventory reserves already established.

Goodwill and other intangible assets. When we acquire a business, we determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the date of acquisition, which may include a significant amount of intangible assets such as customer relationships, software and content, as well as goodwill. When determining the fair values of the acquired intangible assets, we consider, among other factors, analyses of historical financial performance and an estimate of the future performance of the acquired business. The fair values of the acquired intangible assets are primarily calculated using an income approach that relies on discounted cash flows. This method starts with a forecast of the expected future net cash flows for the asset and then adjusts the forecast to present value by applying a discount rate that reflects the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. We consider this approach to be the most appropriate valuation technique because the inherent value of an acquired intangible asset is its ability to generate future income. In a typical acquisition, we engage a third-party valuation expert to assist us with the fair value analyses for acquired intangible assets.

Determining  the  fair  values  of  acquired  intangible  assets  requires  us  to  exercise  significant  judgment.  We  select  reasonable  estimates  and  assumptions  based  on evaluating a number of factors, including, but not limited to, marketplace participants, consumer awareness and brand history. Additionally, there are significant judgments inherent  in  discounted  cash  flows  such  as  estimating  the  amount  and  timing  of  projected  future  cash  flows,  the  selection  of  discount  rates,  hypothetical  royalty  rates  and contributory asset capital charges. Specifically, the selected discount rates are intended to reflect the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows generated by the underlying acquired intangible assets.

Determining an acquired intangible asset's useful life also requires significant judgment and is based on evaluating a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the expected use of the asset, historical client retention rates, consumer awareness and trade name history, as well as any contractual provisions that could limit or extend an asset's useful life.

The  Company's  goodwill  is  evaluated  in  accordance  with  FASB  ASC  Topic  350,  which  requires  goodwill  to  be  assessed  for  impairment  at  least  annually  and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. In addition, an impairment evaluation of our amortizable intangible  assets  may  also  be  performed  if  events  or  circumstances  indicate  potential  impairment.  Among  the  factors  that  could  trigger  an  impairment  review  are  current operating results that do not align with our annual plan or historical performance; changes in our strategic plans or the use of our assets; restructuring charges or other changes in our business segments; competitive pressures and changes in the general economy or in the markets in which we operate; and a significant decline in our stock price and our market capitalization relative to our net book value.

When performing our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, we initially perform a qualitative analysis evaluating whether any events or circumstances occurred or exist that provide evidence that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than the related carrying amount. If we do not believe that  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  fair  value  of  any  of  our  reporting  units  is  less  than  the  related  carrying  amount,  then  no  quantitative  impairment  test  is  performed. However, if the results of our qualitative assessment indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its respective carrying amount, then we perform a two-step quantitative impairment test.

Evaluating the recoverability of goodwill requires judgments and assumptions regarding future trends and events. As a result, both the precision and reliability of our estimates are subject to uncertainty. Among the factors that we consider in our qualitative assessment are general economic conditions and the competitive environment; actual and projected reporting unit financial performance; forward-looking business measurements; and external market assessments. To determine the fair values of our reporting units for a quantitative analysis, we typically utilize detailed financial projections, which include significant variables, such as projected rates of revenue growth, profitability and cash flows, as well as assumptions regarding discount rates, the Company's weighted average cost of capital and other data.

Our  most  recent  annual  impairment  test  of  goodwill  conducted  as  of  December  31,  2022,  indicated  no  impairment.  Subsequent  to  completing  our  2022  annual impairment test, no events or changes in circumstances were noted that required an interim goodwill impairment test. Note 1 - Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  and  Note  8  -  Goodwill  and  Other  Intangible  Assets  in  the  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  provide  additional  information  regarding  the Company's goodwill and other intangible assets.

Warranty Reserves. We generally provide up to a two-year parts and labor standard warranty on our products to our customers. Provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranties are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information on the nature, frequency, and average cost of claims. We actively study trends of claims and take action to improve product quality and minimize claims. Our warranty reserves were increased to $15,694 as of December 31, 2022 compared to $13,742 as of December 31, 2021 as we begin to slow our warranty exposures through the roll-off of DVM-750 and DVM-800 units from warranty coverage. Standard warranty exposure on the DVM-800 and DVM-250plus are the responsibility of the contract manufacturers, which reduced our overall warranty exposure as these are very popular products in our line. There is a risk that we will have higher warranty claim frequency rates and average cost of claims than our history has indicated on our legacy mirror products on our new products for which we have limited experience. Actual experience could differ from the amounts estimated requiring adjustments to these liabilities in future periods.

Stock-based  Compensation  Expense . We grant  stock  options  to  our  employees  and  directors  and  such  benefits  provided  are  share-based  payment  awards  which require us to make significant estimates related to determining the value of our share-based compensation. Our expected stock-price volatility assumption is based on historical volatilities of the underlying stock that are obtained from public data sources and there were 1,250 stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022.

If factors change and we develop different assumptions in future periods, the compensation expense that we record in the future may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the current period. There is a high degree of subjectivity involved when using option pricing models to estimate share-based compensation. Changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect our estimates of the fair value of our share-based compensation. Certain share-based payment awards, such as employee stock options,  may  expire  worthlessly  or  otherwise  result  in  zero  intrinsic  value  compared  to  the  fair  values  originally  estimated  on  the  grant  date  and  reported  in  our  financial statements. Alternatively, values may be realized from these instruments that are significantly in excess of the fair values originally estimated on the grant date and reported in our financial statements. Although the fair value of employee share-based awards is determined using an established option pricing model, that value may not be indicative of the fair value observed in a willing buyer/willing seller market transaction. In addition, we account for forfeitures as they occur.

Accounting for Income Taxes. Accounting for income taxes requires significant estimates and judgments on the part of management. Such estimates and judgments include, but are not limited to, the effective tax rate anticipated to apply to tax differences that are expected to reverse in the future, the sufficiency of taxable income in future periods to realize the benefits of net deferred tax assets and net operating losses currently recorded and the likelihood that tax positions taken in tax returns will be sustained on audit.

As required by authoritative guidance, we record deferred tax assets or liabilities based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using currently enacted rates that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Authoritative guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. As of December 31, 2022, cumulative valuation allowances in  the  amount  of  $34,200,000  were  recorded  in  connection  with  the  net  deferred  income  tax  assets.  Based  on  a  review  of  our  deferred  tax  assets  and  recent  operating performance, we determined that our valuation allowance should be increased by $17,220,000 to a balance of $34,200,000 to fully reserve our deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022. We determined that it was appropriate to continue to provide a full valuation reserve on our net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022, because of the overall net operating  loss  carryforwards  available.  We  expect  to  continue  to  maintain  a  full  valuation  allowance  until  we  determine  that  we  can  sustain  a  level  of  profitability  that demonstrates our ability to realize these assets. To the extent we determine that the realization of some or all of these benefits is more likely than not based upon expected future taxable  income, a portion  or all of the  valuation allowance  will  be  reversed. Such  a  reversal would  be  recorded  as an  income  tax benefit and,  for some portion  related  to deductions for stock option exercises, an increase in shareholders' equity.

As required by authoritative guidance, we have performed a comprehensive review of our portfolio of uncertain tax positions in accordance with recognition standards established by the FASB, an uncertain tax position represents our expected treatment of a tax position taken in a filed tax return or planned to be taken in a future tax return, that has not been reflected in measuring income tax expense for financial reporting purposes. We have no recorded liability as of December 31, 2022, representing uncertain tax positions.

We have generated substantial deferred income tax assets related to our operations primarily from the charge to compensation expense taken for stock options, certain tax credit carryforwards and net operating loss carryforwards. For us to realize the income tax benefit of these assets, we must generate sufficient taxable income in future periods when such deductions are allowed for income tax purposes. In some cases where deferred taxes were the result of compensation expense recognized on stock options, our ability to realize the income tax benefit of these assets is also dependent on our share price increasing to a point where these options have intrinsic value at least equal to the grant date fair value and are exercised. In assessing whether a valuation allowance is needed in connection with our deferred income tax assets, we have evaluated our ability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods to utilize the benefit of the deferred income tax assets. We continue to evaluate our ability to use recorded deferred income tax asset balances. If we fail to generate taxable income for financial reporting in future years, no additional tax benefit would be recognized for those losses, since we will not have  accumulated  enough positive evidence  to  support  our  ability  to  utilize  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  in  the  future.  Therefore,  we  may  be  required  to  increase  our valuation allowance in future periods should our assumptions regarding the generation of future taxable income not be realized.

Redeemable Preferred Stock. Preferred stock may be classified as a liability, temporary equity (i.e., mezzanine equity) or permanent equity. In order to determine the appropriate classification, an evaluation of the cash redemption features is required.  Where there exists an absolute right of redemption presently or in the future, the preferred stock would be classified as a liability. If redemption is contingently redeemable upon the occurrence of an event that is outside of the issuer's control, it should be classified as mezzanine  equity.  The  probability  that  the  redemption  event  will  occur  is  irrelevant.  If  no  redemption  features  exist,  or  if  a  contingent  redemption  feature  is  within  the Company's control, the preferred stock would be considered equity.

## Inflation and Seasonality

Inflation has not materially affected us during the past fiscal year; however, we believe that it is likely to have significant impact to all of our operating segments in 2023 and beyond. We do not believe that our business is seasonal in nature;  however,  we generally  generate higher  revenues during  the second  half of  the calendar year compared to the first half.

## Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Not applicable.

## Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Our financial statements are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-1.

## Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

## Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.

## Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under  the  supervision  and  with  the  participation  of  our  management,  including  our  principal  executive  officer  and  principal  financial  officer,  we  conducted  an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the control objectives, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on their evaluation as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the reasons described below.

In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the timely detection of potential accounting misstatements. The company believes that the increase in acquisition activities resulted in a temporary gap of accounting resources during the year ended December 31, 2022. To address these deficiencies, the Company will implement additional procedures designed to accelerate the  tempo  of  upwardly  reporting  subsidiaries  and  the  visibility  of  receipt  of  reports  by  the  parent  company  to  allow  for  ample  opportunities  for  review  procedures  in  the financial reporting process.

## Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

- Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
- Provide  reasonable  assurance  that  the  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  our  receipts  and  expenditures  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  our  management  and directors; and
- Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

All  internal  control  systems,  no  matter  how  well  designed,  have  inherent  limitations.  Therefore,  even  those  systems  determined  to  be  effective  can  provide  only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of its inherent limitations, internal  control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

The  SEC  guidance  allows  companies  to  exclude  acquisitions  from  management's  report  on  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  for  the  first  year  after  the acquisition. During 2022, the Company completed one business acquisition and one asset acquisition within the revenue cycle management segment. Due to the timing of the transaction, management has excluded the transaction from our annual evaluation of internal control over financial reporting. The preliminary total revenue of this acquisition represents less than 10% of our consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022.

In connection with the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued  by  the  Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission.  Based  on  our  assessment  using  the  framework  in  2013 Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework ,  management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is not effective.

## Material Weakness

In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to timely review and detection of potential accounting misstatements, which in the aggregate, constitute a material weakness.

## Remediation Activities

As part of our plan to remediate this material weakness, we are performing a full review of our internal control procedures. We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, new controls and new processes. We have hired and plan to continue to hire additional qualified personnel and establish more robust processes to support our internal control over financial reporting, including clearly defined roles and responsibilities. The Company anticipates time being required to complete the implementation and to assess and ensure the sustainability of these controls. The material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively.

## Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have completed the process of integrating our recent business acquisition, which was acquired at the beginning of 2022, into our overall internal control over financial reporting process. Other than this integration, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We are continually monitoring and assessing our internal controls to ensure the appropriate design and operating effectiveness.

## Item 9B. Other Information.

None.

## Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable.

## Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

## Directors

The names of the members of our Board of Directors and certain information about them as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are set forth below:

| Name of Board of Director Member (4)  Positions  Age  Director  Since  Stanton E. Ross  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  61  2005  Leroy C. Richie (1)(2)(3)  Lead Independent Director, Chairman of the Nominating Committee and Compensation  Committee and attorney  81  2005  Daniel F. Hutchins (1)  Independent Director; Chairman of Audit Committee  67  2007  Michael J. Caulfield (1)(2)(3)  Independent Director  67  2016   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Member of Audit Committee

(2) Member of Compensation Committee

(3) Member of Nominating Committee

(4) The address of each executive officer and director listed is 14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, Kansas 66215.

The Board has determined that Messrs. Richie, Hutchins, and Caulfield are 'independent directors,' as defined by the rules and listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market  LLC  ('Nasdaq').  In  making  this  determination,  the  Board  considered  the  transactions  and  relationships  disclosed  under  'Certain  Relationships  and  Related Transactions' below.

Stanton E. Ross has served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer ('CEO') since September 2005. From March 1992 to June 2005, Mr. Ross was the Chairman and President of American Noble Gas Inc. (formerly known as Infinity Energy Resources, Inc.), a publicly held oil and gas exploration and development company ('AMGAS') and served as an officer and director of each of AMGAS's subsidiaries. He resigned from all his positions with AMGAS in June 2005, except Chairman, but was reappointed President in October 2006. From 1991 until March 1992, he founded and served as President of Midwest Financial, a financial services corporation involved in mergers, acquisitions, and financing for corporations in the Midwest. From 1990 to 1991, Mr. Ross was employed by Duggan Securities, Inc., an investment banking firm in Lenexa, Kansas, where he primarily worked in corporate finance. From 1989 to 1990, he was employed by Stifel, Nicolaus &amp; Co., a member of the New York Stock Exchange, where he was an investment executive. From 1987 to 1989, Mr. Ross was self-employed as a business consultant. From 1985 to 1987, Mr. Ross was President and founder of Kansas Microwave, Inc., which developed a radar detector product. From 1981 to 1985, he was employed by Birdview Satellite Communications, Inc., which manufactured and marketed home satellite television systems, initially as a salesman and later as National Sales Manager. Mr. Ross estimates he devoted most of his time to Digital Ally and the balance to AMGAS in 2020. In late 2007, AMGAS sold a substantial portion of its operating assets and has not required a substantial amount of his time since such point. Mr. Ross holds no public company directorships other than with the Company and AMGAS and has not held any others during the previous five years. The Company believes that Mr. Ross's broad entrepreneurial, financial, and business expertise and his experience with micro-cap public companies and his role as President and Chief Executive Officer give him the qualifications and skills to serve as a Director.

## PART III

Leroy  C.  Richie has  been  the  Lead  Independent  Director  of  Digital  Ally  since  September  2005.  He  is  also  the  Chairman  of  the  Compensation  Committee  and Nominating Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. Since June 1, 1999, Mr. Richie has been a director of AMGAS. Additionally, until 2017, Mr. Richie served as a member of  the  board  of  directors  of  Columbia  Mutual  Funds,  (or  mutual  fund  companies  acquired  by  or  merged  with  Columbia  Mutual  Funds),  a  family  of  investment companies managed by Ameriprise Financial, Inc. From 2004 to 2015, he was of counsel to the Detroit law firm of Lewis &amp; Munday, P.C. From 2007 to 2014, Mr. Richie served as a member of the board of directors of OGE Energy Corp. He holds no other public directorships and has not held any others during the previous five years. Until 2019, Mr. Richie served as the Vice-Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chairman of the Compensation Committee for the Henry Ford Health System, in Detroit. Mr. Richie was formerly Vice President of Chrysler Corporation and General Counsel for automotive legal affairs, where he directed all legal affairs for its automotive operations from 1986 until his retirement in 1997. Before joining Chrysler, he was an associate with the New York law firm of White &amp; Case (1973-1978) and served as director of the New York office of the Federal Trade Commission (1978-1983). Mr. Richie received a B.A. from City College of New York, where he was valedictorian, and a J.D. from the New York University School of Law, where he was awarded an Arthur Garfield Hays Civil Liberties Fellowship. The Company believes that Mr. Richie's extensive experience as a lawyer and as an officer or director of public companies gives him the qualifications and skills to serve as a Director.

Daniel F. Hutchins was elected a Director in December 2007. He serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee and is the Board's financial expert. Mr. Hutchins, a Certified Public Accountant, was a Principal with the accounting firm of Hutchins &amp; Haake, LLC until his retirement on July 1, 2021. Mr. Hutchins currently serves as a director and the Chief Financial Officer of AMGAS, of which Mr. Ross is the Chairman and President. Mr. Hutchins has served as an instructor for the Becker CPA exam with the  Keller  Graduate  School  of  Management  and  has  over  18  years  of  teaching  experience  preparing  CPA  candidates  for  the  CPA  exam.  He  has  over  40  years  of  public accounting experience, including five years with Deloitte &amp; Touche, LLP. He has served on the boards of various non-profit groups and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Hutchins earned his Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting at Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas. Mr. Hutchins holds no other public company directorships and has not held any others during the previous five years. The Company believes that Mr. Hutchins' significant experience in finance and accounting gives him the qualifications and skills to serve as a Director.

Michael J. Caulfield was elected a Director in May 2016. He is a member of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee. He served as Vice President - Strategic Development of the Company from June 1, 2009 to January 11, 2012. Mr. Caulfield was most recently (2012-2016) a Vice-Chairman at Teneo Holdings, LLC, a global advisory firm where he was responsible for the firm's investment banking relationships with a broad range of industrial companies. From 2006 to 2009, Mr.  Caulfield  served  as  a  Managing  Director  at  Banc  of  America  Securities  ('BAS'),  where  he  was  responsible  for  the  merger,  acquisition,  divestiture  and  restructuring advisory services for a number of large public and private companies. He was also in charge of BAS's global investment banking activities involving the Safety, Security, Engineering and Construction Industries. Prior to joining BAS, Mr. Caulfield spent six years (2000-2006) as a Managing Director with Morgan Stanley in New York City, leading that global investment banking firm's efforts in the Aerospace and Defense Industries. He was also responsible for the investment banking relationships with a number of  Morgan Stanley's largest clients. From 1989 to 2000, he worked at General Electric Capital Corp., where he served as a Managing Director and head of the Corporate Finance Group. In this capacity, he advised GE Capital and the industrial divisions of General Electric on such issues as capital structuring, mergers and acquisitions, and private equity transactions. Mr. Caulfield received an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a B.S. Degree from the University of Minnesota. The Company believes that Mr. Caulfield's significant experience in investment banking and the public market gives him the qualifications and skills to serve as a Director.

Our Directors are elected annually and hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers are elected annually and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. There is no family relationship between any of our directors, director nominees and executive officers. Board vacancies are filled by a majority vote of the Board.

## Board of Directors and Committee Meetings

Our Board of Directors held four meetings and acted a number of times by unanimous consent resolutions during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Each of our directors attended at least 75% of the meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees on which he served in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Our directors are expected, absent exceptional circumstances, to attend all Board meetings and meetings of committees on which they serve and are also expected to attend our annual meeting of stockholders. All directors then in office attended the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders.

## Committees of the Board of Directors

Our Board of Directors currently has four committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating Committee. Each committee has a written charter approved by the Board of Directors outlining the principal responsibilities of the committee. These charters are also available on the Investor Relations page of our website. All of our directors, other than our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, have met in executive sessions without management present on a regular basis in 2022 and year-to-date 2023.

## Audit Committee

Our Audit Committee appoints the Company's independent auditors, reviews audit reports and plans, accounting policies, financial statements, internal controls, audit fees, and certain other expenses and oversees our accounting and financial reporting process. Specific responsibilities include selecting, hiring and terminating our independent auditors; evaluating the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditors; approving the audit and non-audit services to be performed by our auditors; reviewing  the  design,  implementation,  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  our  internal  controls  and  critical  accounting  policies;  overseeing  and  monitoring  the  integrity  of  our financial  statements  and  our  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory  requirements  as  they  relate  to  financial  statements  or  accounting  matters;  reviewing  any  earnings announcements and other public announcements regarding our results of operations in conjunction with management and our public auditors; conferring with management and the independent auditors regarding the effectiveness of internal controls, financial reporting processes and disclosure controls; consulting with management and the independent auditors regarding Company policies governing financial risk management; reviewing and discussing reports from the independent auditors on critical accounting policies used by  the  Company;  establishing  procedures,  as  required  under  applicable  law,  for  the  receipt,  retention  and  treatment  of  complaints  received  by  the  Company  regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential and anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; reviewing and approving related-person transactions in accordance with the Company's policies and procedures with respect to related-person transactions and applicable rules; reviewing the financial statements to be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K; discussing with management and the independent auditors the results of the annual audit and the results of quarterly reviews and any significant changes in our accounting principles; and preparing the report that the SEC requires in our annual proxy statement.

The Audit Committee is comprised of three Directors, each of whom is independent, as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2). The Audit Committee held four meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. The members of our Audit Committee are Daniel F. Hutchins (Chairman), Leroy C. Richie and Michael J. Caulfield. The Board of Directors determined that Mr. Hutchins qualifies as an 'audit committee financial expert,' as defined under the applicable rules and listing standards of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations and is independent as noted above.

Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit and non-audit services performed by the Company's independent registered public accounting firm must be approved in advance by the Audit Committee to assure that such services do not impair the auditor's independence from the Company. Accordingly, the Audit Committee has adopted an Audit  and  Non-Audit  Services  Pre-Approval  Policy  (the  'Policy')  that  sets  forth  the  procedures  and  the  conditions  pursuant  to  which  services  to  be  performed  by  the independent auditors are to be pre-approved. Pursuant to the Policy, certain services described in detail in the Policy may be pre-approved on an annual basis together with preapproved maximum fee levels for such services. The services eligible for annual pre-approval consist of services that would be included under the categories of Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees and Tax Fees in the table, as well as services for limited review of actuarial reports and calculations. If not pre-approved on an annual basis, proposed services must otherwise be separately approved prior to being performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. In addition, any services that receive annual preapproval but exceed the pre-approved maximum fee level also will require separate approval by the Audit Committee prior to being performed. The Audit Committee may delegate authority to pre-approve audit and non-audit services to any member of the Audit Committee but may not delegate such authority to management.

## Compensation Committee

Our  Compensation  Committee  assists  our  Board  of  Directors  in  determining  the  development  plans  and  compensation  of  our  officers,  directors  and  employees. Specific  responsibilities  include  approving  the  compensation  and  benefits  of  our  executive  officers;  reviewing  the  performance  objectives  and  actual  performance  of  our officers; administering our stock option and other equity compensation plans; and reviewing and discussing with management the compensation discussion and analysis that the SEC requires in our future Form 10-Ks and proxy statements.

Our Compensation Committee is comprised of three Directors, whom the Board considers to be independent under the applicable rules and listing standards of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations. The members of our Compensation Committee are Leroy C. Richie (Chairman) and Michael J. Caulfield. The Compensation Committee held two meetings and acted several times by unanimous written consent resolutions during the year ended December 31, 2022. Mr. Ross, our Chief Executive Officer, does not participate in the determination of his own compensation or the compensation of directors. However, he makes recommendations to the Compensation Committee regarding the amount and form of the compensation of the other executive officers and key employees, and he often participates in the Compensation Committee's deliberations about such persons' compensation. Thomas J. Heckman, our Chief Financial Officer ('CFO'), also assists the Compensation Committee in its deliberations regarding executive officer, director  and  employee  compensation.  No  other  executive  officers  participate  in  the  determination  of  the  amount  or  the  form  of  the  compensation  of  executive  officers  or directors.  The  Compensation  Committee  does  not  utilize  the  services  of  an  independent  compensation  consultant  to  assist  in  its  oversight  of  executive  and  director compensation.

## Nominating Committee

Our Nominating Committee assists our Board of Directors by identifying and recommending individuals qualified to become members of our Board of Directors, reviewing  correspondence  from  our  stockholders,  and  establishing,  evaluating,  and  overseeing  our  corporate  governance  guidelines.  Specific  responsibilities  include  the following:  evaluating  the  composition,  size  and  governance  of  our  Board  of  Directors  and  its  committees  and  making  recommendations  regarding  future  planning  and appointing directors to our committees; establishing a policy for considering stockholder nominees for election to our Board of Directors; and evaluating and recommending candidates for election to our Board of Directors.

Our Nominating Committee strives for a Board composed of individuals who bring a variety of complementary skills, expertise, or background and who, as a group, will  possess  the  appropriate  skills  and  experience  to  oversee  our  business.  The  diversity  of  the  members  of  the  Board  relates  to  the  selection  of  its  nominees.  While  the Committee considers diversity and variety of experiences and viewpoints to be important factors, it does not believe that a director nominee should be chosen or excluded solely or largely because of race, color, gender, national origin or sexual orientation or identity. In selecting a director nominee for recommendation to our Board, our Nominating Committee focuses on skills, expertise or background that would complement the existing members on the Board. Accordingly, although diversity may be a consideration in the Committee's process, the Committee and the Board of Directors do not have a formal policy regarding the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees.

When the Nominating Committee has either identified a prospective nominee or determined that an additional or replacement director is required, the Nominating Committee may take such measures as it considers appropriate in connection with its evaluation of a director candidate, including candidate interviews, inquiry of the person or persons making the recommendation or nomination, engagement of an outside search firm to gather additional information, or reliance on the knowledge of the members of the Board of Directors or management. In its evaluation of director candidates, including the members of the Board eligible for re-election, the Nominating Committee considers a number of factors, including: the current size and composition of the Board of Directors, the needs of the Board of Directors and the respective committees of the Board, and such factors as judgment, independence, character and integrity, age, area of expertise, diversity of experience, length of service and potential conflicts of interest.

The Nominating Committee of the Board selects director nominees and recommends them to the full Board of Directors. In relation to such nomination process, the Nominating Committee:

- determines the criteria for the selection of prospective directors and committee members;
- reviews the composition and size of the Board and its committees to ensure proper expertise and diversity among its members;
- evaluates the performance and contributions of directors eligible for re-election;
- determines the desired qualifications for individual directors and desired skills and characteristics for the Board;
- identifies persons who can provide needed skills and characteristics;
- screens possible candidates for Board membership;
- reviews any potential conflicts of interests between such candidates and the Company's interests; and
- shares information concerning the candidates with the Board and solicits input from other directors.

The Nominating Committee has specified the following minimum qualifications that it believes must be met by a nominee for a position on the Board: the highest personal and professional ethics and integrity; proven achievement and competence in the nominee's field and the ability to exercise sound business judgment; skills that are complementary to those of the existing Board; the ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to our success; the ability to work well with the other directors; the extent of the person's familiarity with the issues affecting our business; an understanding of the fiduciary responsibilities that are required of a member of the Board of Directors; and the commitment of time and energy necessary to diligently carry out those responsibilities. A candidate for director must agree to abide by our Code of Ethics and Conduct.

After completing its evaluation, the Nominating Committee makes a recommendation to the full Board of Directors as to the persons who should be nominated to the Board, and the Board of Directors determines the nominees after considering the recommendation and report of the Committee.

Our Nominating Committee is comprised of two Directors, whom the Board considers to be independent under the applicable rules and listing standards of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations. The Nominating Committee held one meeting during the year ended December 31, 2022. The members of our Nominating Committee are Leroy C. Richie (Chairman) and Michael J. Caulfield.

## Board of Directors' Role in the Oversight of Risk Management

We face a variety of risks, including credit, liquidity, and operational risks. In fulfilling its risk oversight role, our Board of Directors focuses on the adequacy of our risk  management  process  and  overall  risk  management  system.  Our  Board  of  Directors  believes  that  an  effective  risk  management  system  will  (i)  adequately  identify  the material risks that we face in a timely manner; (ii) implement appropriate risk management strategies that are responsive to our risk profile and specific material risk exposures; (iii)  integrate  consideration  of  risk  and  risk  management  into  our  business  decision-making;  and  (iv)  include  policies  and  procedures  that  adequately  transmit  necessary information regarding material risks to senior executives and, as appropriate, to the Board or relevant committee.

The Board of Directors has designated the Audit Committee to take the lead in overseeing risk management at the Board of Directors level. Accordingly, the Audit Committee  schedules  time  for  periodic  review  of  risk  management,  in  addition  to  its  other  duties.  In  this  role,  the  Audit  Committee  receives  reports  from  management, independent registered public accounting firm, outside legal counsel, and other advisors, and strives to generate serious and thoughtful attention to our risk management process and system, the nature of the material risks we face, and the adequacy of our policies and procedures designed to respond to and mitigate these risks.

Although the Board of Directors has assigned the primary risk oversight to the Audit Committee, it also periodically receives information about our risk management system and the most significant risks that we face. This is principally accomplished through Audit Committee reports to the Board of Directors and summary versions of the briefings provided by management and advisors to the Audit Committee.

In addition to the formal compliance program, our Board of Directors and the Audit Committee encourage management to promote a corporate culture that understands risk management and incorporates it into our overall corporate strategy and day-to-day business operations. Our risk management structure also includes an ongoing effort to assess and analyze the most likely areas of future risk for us. As a result, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee periodically ask our executives to discuss the most likely sources of material future risks and how we are addressing any significant potential vulnerability.

## Board Leadership Structure

Our Board of Directors does not have a policy on whether the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors should be separate and, if they are to be separate, whether the Chairman of the Board should be selected from the non-employee directors or be an employee. Our Board of Directors believes that it should be free to make a choice from time to time in any manner that is in the best interest of us and our stockholders. The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Ross's service as both Chief  Executive Officer  and  Chairman of  the  Board  is  in  the  best  interest  of  us  and  our  stockholders.  Mr.  Ross  possesses  detailed  and  in-depth  knowledge  of  the  issues, opportunities and challenges we face and is thus best positioned to develop agendas, with the input of Mr. Richie, the lead independent director, to ensure that the Board's time and attention are focused on the most critical matters. His combined role enables decisive leadership, ensures clear accountability, and enhances our ability to communicate our message and strategy clearly and consistently to our stockholders, employees, customers, and suppliers, particularly during times of turbulent economic and industry conditions.

Our Board of Directors also believes that a lead independent director is part of an effective Board leadership structure. To this end, the Board has appointed Mr. Richie as the lead independent director. The independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions at which only they are present, and the lead independent director chairs those sessions. As the lead independent director, Mr. Richie calls meetings of the independent directors as needed; sets the agenda for meetings of the independent directors; presides at meetings of the independent directors; is the principal liaison on Board issues between the independent directors and the Chairman and between the independent directors and management; provides feedback to the Chairman and management on the quality, quantity and timeliness of information sent to the Board; is a member of the Compensation Committee that evaluates the CEO's performance; and oversees the directors' evaluation of the Board's overall performance. The Nominating Committee and the Board believe that its leadership structure, which includes the appointment of a lead independent director, is appropriate because it, among other things, provides for an independent director who gives board member leadership and each of the directors, other than Mr. Ross, is independent. Our Board of Directors believes that the independent directors provide effective oversight of management.

## Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors

Stockholders may communicate with the Board of Directors by writing to us as follows: Digital Ally, Inc., attention: Corporate Secretary, 14001 Marshall Drive, Lenexa, Kansas 66215. Stockholders who would like their submission directed to a member of the Board of Directors may so specify and the communication will be forwarded as appropriate.

## Policy for Director Recommendations and Nominations

Our  Nominating  Committee  will  consider  candidates  for  Board  membership  suggested  by  Board  members,  management  and  our  stockholders.  The  policy  of  our Nominating Committee is to consider recommendations for candidates to the Board of Directors from any stockholder of record in accordance with our Bylaws. A director candidate recommended by our stockholders will be considered in the same manner as a nominee recommended by a Board member, management or other sources. In addition, a stockholder may nominate a person directly for election to the Board of Directors at an annual meeting of stockholders, provided the stockholder meets the requirements set forth in our Bylaws. We do not pay a fee to any third party to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying or evaluating potential nominees.

Stockholder Recommendations for Director Nominations . Stockholder recommendations for director nominations may be submitted to the Company at the following address:  Digital  Ally,  Inc.,  Attention:  Corporate  Secretary,  14001  Marshall  Drive,  Lenexa,  Kansas  66215.  Such  recommendations  will  be  forwarded  to  the  Nominating Committee for consideration, provided that they are accompanied by sufficient information to permit the Board to evaluate the qualifications and experience of the nominees, and they are in time for the Nominating Committee to do an adequate evaluation of the candidate before the Annual Meeting. The submission must be accompanied by a written consent of the individual to stand for election if nominated by the Board of Directors and to serve if elected and to cooperate with a background check.

Stockholder  Nominations  of  Directors. Our  Bylaws  provide  that,  in  order  for  a  stockholder  to  nominate  a  director  at  an  annual  meeting  of  stockholders,  the stockholder must give timely written notice to our Secretary and such notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than one-hundred-and-twenty (120) days before the date of our release of the proxy statement to stockholders in connection with our previous year's annual meeting of stockholders. Such stockholder's notice shall include, with respect to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director, all information relating to such nominee that is required under the Exchange Act, including such person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and serving as a director, and cooperating with a background investigation. In addition, the stockholder must include in such notice the name and address, as they appear on our records, of the stockholder proposing the nomination of such person, and the name and address of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, the class and number of shares of our capital stock that are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder of record and by the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, and any material interest or relationship that such stockholder of record and/or the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made may respectively have in such business or with such nominee. At the request of the Board of Directors, any person nominated for election as a director shall furnish to our Secretary the information required to be set forth in a stockholder's notice of nomination that pertains to the nominee.

To be timely in the case of a special meeting or if the date of the annual meeting is changed by more than thirty (30) days from such anniversary date, a stockholder's notice must be received at our principal executive offices no later than the close of business on the tenth (10 th )  day following the earlier of the day on which notice of the meeting date was mailed or public disclosure of the meeting date was made.

## Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers serves, or in the past has served, as a member of the Compensation Committee. None of the members of our Compensation Committee is, or has ever been, an officer or employee of the Company.

## Code of Ethics and Conduct

Our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics and Conduct that is applicable to all of our employees, officers and directors. Our Code of Ethics and Conduct is intended to ensure that our employees, officers and directors act in accordance with the highest ethical standards. The Code of Ethics and Conduct is available on the Investor Relations page of our website at http://www.digitalally.com and the Code of Ethics and Conduct was filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed March 4, 2008.

## Item 11. Executive Compensation.

The following table presents information concerning the total compensation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer ('CEO'), Chief Financial Officer ('CFO') and Chief Operating Officer ('COO') and collectively with the CEO and the CFO, the 'Named Executive Officers') for services rendered to the Company in all capacities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as required by Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K.

## Summary Compensation Table

| Name and Principal Position  Year  Salary  ($)  Bonus ($)  Stock  awards  ($)  Option  awards  ($) (1)  All other  compensation  ($) (2)  Total ($)  Stanton E. Ross  2021  $ 250,000  $ 250,000  $ 828,000(1)(3)  $  -  $  30,805  $1,358,805  Chairman, CEO and President  2022  $ 300,000  $ 100,000  $ 374,500(6)  $  -  $  32,034  $  806,534  Thomas J. Heckman  2021  $ 230,000  $ 115,000  $ 414,000(1)(4)  $  -  $  23,329  $  782,329  CFO, Treasurer and Secretary  2022  $ 120,000  $  -  $  80,250(7)  $  -  $  16,292  $  216,542  Peng Han (9)  2021  $ 165,000  $  -  $  63,000(1)(5)  $  -  $  5,428  $  233,428  COO  2022  $ 250,000  $  -  $ 107,000(8)  $  -  $  10,576  $  367,576   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Represents aggregate grant date fair value pursuant to ASC Topic 718 for the respective year for stock options granted. Please refer to Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a further description of the awards and the underlying assumptions utilized to determine the amount of grant date fair value related to such grants.

(2) Amounts included in all other compensation include the following items: the employer contribution to the Company's 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan (the '401(k) Plan') on behalf of the named executive. We are required to provide a 100% matching contribution for all who elect to contribute up to 3% of their compensation to the plan and a 50% matching contribution for all employees' elective deferral between 4% and 5%. The employee (i) is 100% vested at all times in the employee contributions and employer matching contributions; (ii) receives Company paid healthcare insurance; (iii) receives Company paid contributions to health savings accounts; and (iv) receives Company paid life, accident and disability insurance. See 'All Other Compensation Table' below.

(3) Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2021 to Mr. Ross: 15,000 shares at $55.20 per share that vest 50% on January 6, 2022 and 50% on January 6, 2023, subject to Mr. Ross remaining an employee of the Company at that point in time.

(4) Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2021 to Mr. Heckman: 7,500 shares at $55.20 per share that vest 50% on January 6, 2022 and 50% on January 6, 2023, subject to Mr. Heckman remaining an employee of the Company at that point in time.

(5) Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2021 to Mr. Han: 2,500 shares at $25.20 per share that vest ratably over the two-year period ending September 20, 2023.

(6) Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2022 to Mr. Ross: 17,500 shares at $21.40 per share that vest 50% on January 7, 2023 and 50% on January 7, 2024, subject to Mr. Ross remaining an employee of the Company at that point in time.

(7) Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2022 to Mr. Heckman: 3,750 shares at $21.40 per share that on January 7, 2023, subject to Mr. Heckman remaining an employee of the Company at that point in time.

(8) Stock awards include the following restricted stock granted during 2022 to Mr. Han: 5,000 shares at $21.40 per share that vest 20% annually on the anniversary of January 7 from 2023 to 2027, subject to Mr. Han remaining an employee of the Company at that point in time.

(9) Mr. Han was appointed Chief Operating Officer on December 13, 2021, thus Mr. Han's 2021 compensation was set by management prior to his appointment as a named executive officer of the Company.

## All Other Compensation Table

| Name and Principal Position  Year  401(k) Plan  contribution  by  Company  Company  paid  healthcare  insurance  Flexible &amp;  health  savings  account  contributions  by Company  Company  paid life,  accident  &amp;  disability  insurance  Other  Contractual  payments  Total  ($)  Stanton E. Ross  2021  $  8,606  $  20,556  $  1,100  $  543  $  -  $  30,805  Chairman, CEO and President  2022  $  10,039  $  20,319  $  1,100  $  576  $  -  $  32,034  Thomas J. Heckman  2021  $  9,138  $  12,848  $  800  $  543  $  -  $  23,329  CFO, Treasurer and Secretary  2022  $  4,800  $  10,021  $  895  $  576  $  -  $  16,292  Peng Han (9)  2021  $  4,885  $  -  $  -  $  543  $  -  $  5,428  COO  2022  $  10,000  $  -  $  -  $  576  $  -  $  10,576   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Compensation Policy. Our executive compensation plan is based on attracting and retaining qualified professionals who possess the skills and leadership necessary to enable us to achieve earnings and profitability growth to satisfy its stockholders. We must, therefore, create incentives for these executives to achieve both our and individual performance objectives using performance-based compensation programs. No one component is considered by itself, but all forms of the compensation package are considered in total. Wherever possible, objective measurements will be utilized to quantify performance, but many subjective factors still come into play when determining performance.

Compensation Components. The main elements of its compensation package consist of base salary, stock options or restricted stock awards and bonus.

Base Salary. The base salary for each executive officer is reviewed and compared to the prior year, with considerations given for increase or decrease. The review is generally on an annual basis but may take place more often in the discretion of the Compensation Committee.

On January 7, 2021, the Compensation Committee restored the annual base salaries of Stanton E. Ross, President and Chief Executive Officer, Thomas J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, at $250,000 and $230,000, respectively for 2021.

The Compensation Committee plans to review the base salaries for possible adjustments on an annual basis. Base salary adjustments will be based on both individual and our performances and will include both objective and subjective criteria specific to each executive's role and responsibility with us.

Stock Options and Restricted Stock Awards. The Compensation Committee determined stock option and restricted stock awards based on numerous factors, some of which include responsibilities incumbent with the role of each executive with us, tenure with us, as well as our performance. The vesting period of options and restricted stock is also tied,  in  some  instances, to our performance directly related to certain executive's responsibilities with us. The Compensation Committee determined that Messrs. Ross and Heckman were eligible  for  awards  of  stock  options  or  restricted  stock  in  2021  based  on  their  performance.  Refer  to  the  'Grants  of  Plan-Based  Awards'  table  below  for restricted stock awards made in 2021. The Committee also determined that Messrs. Ross, Heckman, and Han would be eligible in 2022 for awards of restricted stock or stock options.

Bonuses. The Compensation Committee determined to award bonuses to each of the executive officers in 2022 and 2021, as set forth in the foregoing table. Refer to the 'Summary Compensation Table' above for the bonuses paid to Messrs. Ross and Heckman in 2022 and 2021. In fiscal 2022, Messrs. Ross and Heckman were eligible for bonuses of up to $250,000 and $120,000, respectively. Mr. Ross was awarded a partial 2022 bonus of $100,000. The Compensation Committee reviews each executive officer's performance on a quarterly basis and determines what, if any, portion of the bonus he has earned and will be paid as of such point.

Other. In July 2008, we amended and restated our 401(k) Plan. The amended 401(k) Plan requires us to provide a 100% matching contribution for employees who elect to contribute  up  to  3%  of  their  compensation  to  the  plan  and  a  50%  matching  contribution  for  employees'  elective  deferrals  between  4%  and  5%.  We  have  made  matching contributions  for  executives  who  elected  to  contribute  to  the  401(k)  Plan  during  2021.  Each  participant  is  100%  vested  at  all  times  in  employee  and  employer  matching contributions. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 23,120 shares of our Common Stock were held in the 401(k) Plan. Mr. Heckman, as trustee of the 401(k) Plan, holds the voting power as to the shares of our Common Stock held in the 401(k) Plan. We have no profit-sharing plan in place for our employees. However, we may consider adding such a plan to provide yet another level of compensation to our compensation plan.

The following table presents information concerning the grants of plan-based awards to the Named Executive Officers during the year ended December 31, 2022:

## Grant of Plan-Based Awards

| Name  Grant date  Date  approved by  Compensation  Committee  All other stock  awards:  Number  of shares of  stock  or units:  (#) (1)  (2)(3)  Exercise or base  price of option  awards  ($/Share)  Grant date fair  value of stock  awards ($) (4)  Stanton E. Ross  Chairman, CEO and President  January 7, 2022  January 7, 2022  17,500(1)  $  21.40  $  374,500  Thomas J. Heckman  CFO, Treasurer and Secretary  January 7, 2022  January 7, 2022  3,750(2)  $  21.40  $  80,250  Peng Han  COO  January 7, 2022  January 7, 2022  5,000(3)  $  21.40  $  107,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) These restricted stock awards were made under the Digital Ally, Inc. Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plans and vest over a two-year period (50% on January 7, 2023 and 50% on January 7, 2024) contingent upon whether the individual is still employed by us at that point.

(2) These restricted stock awards were made under the Digital Ally, Inc. Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plans and vest over a one-year period contingent upon whether the individual is still employed by us at that point.

(3) These restricted stock awards were made under the Digital Ally, Inc. Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plans and vest over a five-year period (20% on each anniversary of January 7 from 2023 to 2027) contingent upon whether the individual is still employed by us at that point.

(4)  Stock  awards noted represent the aggregate amount of grant date fair value as determined under ASC Topic 718. Please refer to Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements that appear in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022, for a further description of the awards and the underlying assumptions utilized to determine the amount of grant date fair value related to such grants.

## Employment Contracts; Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements

We do not have any employment agreements with any of our executive officers. However, on December 23, 2008, we entered into retention agreements with the following executive officers: Stanton E. Ross and Thomas J. Heckman. In April 2018 we amended these agreements.

## Retention Agreements - Potential Payments upon Termination or Change of Control

The following table sets forth for each named executive officer potential post-employment payments and payments on a change in control and assumes that the triggering event took place on January 1, 2023 and that the amendments to the retention agreements of each person were in effect.

## Retention Agreement Compensation

| Name  Change in control  payment due based  upon successful  completion of  transaction  Severance payment  due based on  termination after  Change of  Control occurs  Total  Stanton E. Ross  $  125,000  $  500,000  $  625,000  Thomas J. Heckman  $  115,000  $  460,000  $  575,000  Total  $  240,000  $  960,000  $  1,200,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The retention agreements guarantee the executive officers' specific payments and benefits upon a Change in Control of the Company. The retention agreements also provide for specified severance benefits if, after a Change in Control of the Company occurs, the executive officer voluntarily terminates employment for 'Good Reason' or is involuntarily terminated without 'Cause.'

Under the retention agreements, a 'Change in Control' means (i) one party alone, or acting with others, has acquired or gained control over more than 50% of the voting shares of the Company; (ii) the Company merges or consolidates with or into another entity or completes any other corporate reorganization, if more than 50% of the combined voting power of the surviving entity's securities outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization is owned by persons who were not stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization; (iii) a majority of the Board of Directors is replaced and/or dismissed by the stockholders of  the  Company without the recommendation of or nomination by the Company's current Board of Directors; (iv) the Company's Chief Executive Officer (the 'CEO') is replaced and/or dismissed by stockholders without the approval of the Board of Directors; or (v) the Company sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company does not own stock in the purchaser or purchasers having more than 50% of the voting power of the entity owning all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company after such purchase.

'Good Reason' means either (i) a material adverse change in the executive's status as an executive or other key employee of the Company, including without limitation, a material adverse change in the executive's position, authority, or aggregate duties or responsibilities; (ii) any adverse change in the executive's base salary, target bonus or benefits; or (iii) a request by the Company to materially change the executive's geographic work location.

'Cause' means (i) the executive has acted in bad faith and to the detriment of the Company; (ii) the executive has refused or failed to act in accordance with any specific lawful and  material  direction  or  order  of  his  or  her  supervisor;  (iii)  the  executive  has  exhibited,  in  regard  to  employment,  unfitness  or  unavailability  for  service,  misconduct, dishonesty, habitual neglect, incompetence, or has committed an act of embezzlement, fraud or theft with respect to the property of the Company; (iv) the executive has abused alcohol or drugs on the job or in a manner that affects the executive's job performance; and/or (v) the executive has been found guilty of or has plead nolo contendere to the commission of a crime involving dishonesty, breach of trust, or physical or emotional harm to any person. Prior to termination for Cause, the Company shall give the executive written notice of the reason for such potential termination and provide the executive a 30-day period to cure such conduct or act or omission alleged to provide grounds for such termination.

If any Change in Control occurs and the executive continues to be employed as of the completion of such Change in Control, upon completion of such Change in Control, as payment for the executive's additional efforts during such Change in Control, the Company shall pay the executive a Change in Control benefit payment equal to three months of the his base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control completion date, payable in a lump sum net of required tax withholdings. If any Change in Control  occurs,  and  if,  during  the  one-year  period  following  the  Change  in  Control,  the  Company  terminates  the  executive's  employment  without  Cause  or  the  executive submits a resignation for Good Reason (the effective date of such termination or resignation, the 'Termination Date'), then:

- a) The Company shall pay the executive severance pay equal to 12 months of his base salary at the higher of the rate in effect immediately prior to the Termination Date or the rate in effect immediately prior to the occurrence of the event or events constituting Good Reason, payable on the Termination Date in a lump sum net of required  tax  withholdings,  plus  all  other  amounts  then  payable  by  the  Company  to  the  executive  less  any  amounts  then  due  and  owing  from  the  executive  to  the Company;
- b) The Company shall provide continuation of the executive's health benefits at the Company's expense for 18 months following the Termination Date; and
- c) The executive's outstanding employee stock options shall fully vest and be exercisable for a 90-day period following the Termination Date.

The  executive  is  not  entitled  to  the  above  severance  benefits  for  a  termination  based  on  death  or  disability,  resignation  without  Good  Reason  or  termination  for  Cause. Following the Termination Date, the Company shall also pay the executive all reimbursements for expenses in accordance with the Company' policies, within ten days of submission of appropriate evidence thereof by the executive.

The following table presents information concerning the outstanding equity awards for the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022:

## Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

| Option Awards  Stock Awards  Name  Number of  securities  underlying  unexercised  options (#)  exercisable  (1)  Number of  securities  underlying  unexercised  options (#)  unexercisable  Equity  incentive  plan  awards:  Number of  securities  underlying  unexercised  unearned  options (#)  Option  exercise  price  ($)  Option  expiration  date  Number  of  shares  or units  of stock  that  have  not  vested  (1)  Market  value  of  shares  or  units of  stock  that  have  not  vested  (2)  Equity  incentive  plan  awards:  Number  of  unearned  shares,  units or  other  rights  that have  not  vested  Equity  incentive  plan  awards:  Market  or  Payout  value of  unearned  shares,  units or  other  rights  that have  not  vested  Stanton E. Ross  Chairman, CEO and President  -  -  -  -  25,000  $115,000  -  $  -  Thomas J. Heckman  CFO, Treasurer and Secretary  -  -  -  -  -  7,500  $  34,500  -  $  -  Peng Han (9)  COO  -  -  -  -  -  6,250  $  28,750  -  $  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)  These  stock  option  and  restricted  stock  awards  were  made  under  the  Digital  Ally,  Inc.  Stock  Option  and  Restricted  Stock  Plans  and  vest  over  the  prescribed  period contingent upon whether the individual is still employed by the Company at that point.

(2) Market value based upon the closing market price of $4.60 on December 31, 2022.

The following table presents information concerning the stock options exercised and the vesting of restricted stock awards during 2021 for the Named Executive Officers for the year ended December 31, 2022:

| Option Exercises and Restricted Stock Vested  Option Awards  Stock Awards  Number of Shares  acquired realized on  exercise (#)  Value realized  on exercise ($)  Number of  Shares  acquired on  vesting (#)  Value on  vesting ($)  Stanton E. Ross  Chairman, CEO and President  -  $  -  7,500  $  160,500(1)  Thomas J. Heckman  CFO, Treasurer and Secretary  -  $  -  3,750  $  80,250(1)  Peng Han  COO  331  $  28,520  1,250  $  15,000(2)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Based on the closing market price of our Common Stock of $21.40 on January 7, 2022, the date of vesting for 7,500 shares of Common Stock for Mr. Ross, and 3,750 shares of Common Stock for Mr. Heckman.

(2) Based on the closing market price of our Common Stock of $12.00 on September 20, 2022, the date of vesting for 1,250 shares of Common Stock for Mr. Han.

The number of stock options and restricted stock awards that an employee, director, or consultant may receive under our Plans (defined below under 'Information Regarding Plans and Other Arrangements Not Subject to Security Holder Action') is in the discretion of the administrator and therefore cannot be determined in advance. The Board of Directors' policy in 2022 was to grant officers an award of 17,500 restricted shares of Common Stock to our CEO/President and 3,750 restricted shares of Common Stock to our CFO/Treasurer and each non-employee director an award of options to purchase 5,000 shares of Common Stock, all subject to vesting requirements.

The following table sets forth (a) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock subject to options granted under the Plans during the year ended December 31, 2022 and (b) the average per share exercise price of such options.

## Stock Options and Restricted Stock Grants

| Name of Individual or Group  Number of Restricted  Shares of Common  Stock Granted  Number of  Options  Granted  Average per  Share Exercise  Price  Stanton E. Ross, Chairman of the Board of Directors, CEO &amp; President  17,500  -  $  -  Leroy C. Richie, Director  -  -  $  -  Daniel F. Hutchins, Director  -  -  $  -  Michael J. Caulfield, Director  -  -  $  -  Thomas J. Heckman, Vice President, CFO, Treasurer &amp; Secretary  3,750  -  $  -  Peng Han  5,000  -  $  -  All executive officers, as a group  26,250  -  $  -  All directors who are not executive officers, as a group  -  -  $  -  All employees who are not executive officers, as a group  5,500  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Director Compensation

Our non-employee directors received the stock option grants noted in the 'Director Compensation' table below for their service on the Board of Directors in 2022, including on the Audit, Nominating and Compensation Committees.

In July 2021, we granted to Messrs. Richie, Caulfield and Hutchins each options exercisable to acquire 5,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $33.40 per share for their service on the Board of Directors until the next annual meeting of stockholders with vesting to occur ratably through May 31, 2022, provided each person has remained a director at such dates.

## Director compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows:

## Director Compensation

| Name  Fees earned or paid  in  cash ($)  Stock  awards  ($)  Option  awards  ($)  Total  ($)  Stanton E. Ross, Chairman of the Board of Directors (1)  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  -  Leroy C. Richie  $  95,000  $  -  $  -  $  95,000  Daniel F. Hutchins  $  90,000  $  -  $  -  $  90,000  Michael J. Caulfield  $  87,917  $  -  $  -  $  87,917   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) As a Named Executive Officer, Mr. Ross's compensation and option awards are fully reflected in the 'Summary Compensation' table, and elsewhere under 'Executive Compensation.' He did not receive compensation, stock awards or options for his services as a director.

## Stock Option and Restricted Stock Grants to Directors

| Name  Number of Restricted  Shares of Common Stock  Granted  Number of Options  Granted  Average per Share  Exercise Price  Stanton E. Ross, Chairman of the Board of Directors  -  -  $  -  Leroy C. Richie, Director  -  5,000  $  33.40  Daniel F. Hutchins, Director  -  5,000  $  33.40  Michael J. Caulfield, Director  -  5,000  $  33.40   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

Our Board of Directors adopted the 2005 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2005 Plan') on September 1, 2005. The 2005 Plan authorized us to reserve 15,625 shares of our Common Stock for issuance upon exercise of options and grant of restricted stock awards. The 2005 Plan terminated in 2015 with 1,078 shares of Common Stock reserved for awards that are now unavailable for issuance. Stock options granted under the 2005 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 284.

On January 17, 2006, our Board adopted the 2006 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2006 Plan'). The 2006 Plan authorizes us to reserve 9,375 shares of Common Stock for future grants under it. The 2006 Plan terminated in 2016 with 2,739 shares of Common Stock reserved for awards that are now unavailable for issuance. Stock options granted under the 2006 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 531.

On January 24, 2007, our Board adopted the 2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2007 Plan'). The 2007 Plan authorizes us to reserve 9,375 shares of Common Stock for future grants under it. The 2007 Plan terminated in 2017 with 4,733 shares of Common Stock reserved for awards that are now unavailable for issuance. There are no stock options granted under the 2007 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022.

On January 2, 2008, our Board adopted the 2008 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2008 Plan'). The 2008 Plan authorizes us to reserve 6,250 shares of Common Stock for future grants under it. The 2008 Plan terminated in 2018 with 2,025 shares of Common Stock reserved for awards that are now unavailable for issuance. There are no stock options granted under the 2008 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022.

On March 18, 2011, our Board adopted the 2011 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2011 Plan'). The 2011 Plan authorizes us to reserve 3,125 shares of Common Stock for future grants under it. At December 31, 2022, there were 438 shares of Common Stock reserved for awards available for issuance under the 2011 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2011 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 50.

On March 22, 2013, our Board adopted the 2013 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2013 Plan'). The 2013 Plan was amended on March 28, 2014 and November 14, 2014 to increase the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2013 Plan to a total of 15,000. At December 31, 2022, there were no shares of Common Stock reserved for awards available for issuance under the 2013 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2013 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 1,000.

On March 27, 2015, our Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2015 Plan'). The 2015 Plan was amended on February 25, 2016 and May 31, 2017 to increase the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan to a total of 62,500. At December 31, 2022, there were no shares of Common Stock reserved for awards available for issuance under the 2015 Plan, as amended. Stock options granted under the 2015 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 6,500.

On April 12, 2018, our Board of Directors adopted the 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2018 Plan'). The 2018 Plan was amended on May 21, 2019 to increase the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan to a total of 87,500. At December 31, 2022, there were 31,275 shares of Common Stock reserved for awards available for issuance under the 2018 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2018 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 17,000.

Our Board of Directors adopted the 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2020 Plan') on June 30, 2020 and the Company's stockholders approved the 2020 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on September 9, 2020. The Company's stockholders approved an amendment to the 2020 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on June 22, 2021 which increased the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan to a total of 125,000. At December 31, 2022, there were 12,042 shares  of  Common Stock reserved for  awards available for issuance under the  2020  Plan.  Stock options granted  under  the 2020  Plan that remain  unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 29,000.

Our Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2022 Plan') on October 28, 2022 and the Company's stockholders approved the 2022 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on December 7, 2022. The number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2022 Plan totals 125,000. At December 31, 2022, there were no shares of Common Stock reserved for awards available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. Stock options granted under the 2022 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 125,000.

The 2005 Plan, 2006 Plan, 2007 Plan, 2008 Plan, 2011 Plan, 2013 Plan, 2015 Plan, 2018 Plan, 2020 Plan, and 2022 Plan are collectively referred to as the 'Plans.'

The Plans authorize us to grant (i) to the key employees incentive stock options (except for the 2007 Plan) to purchase shares of Common Stock and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock and restricted stock awards, and (ii) to non-employee directors and consultants' non-qualified stock options and restricted stock.  The  Compensation  Committee  of  our  Board  (the  'Compensation  Committee')  administers  the  Plans  by  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  or  determinations regarding the persons to whom options or restricted stock should be granted and the amount, terms, conditions and restrictions of the awards.

The Plans allow for the grant of incentive stock options (except for the 2007 Plan), non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards. Incentive stock options granted under the Plans must have an exercise price at least equal to 100% of the fair market value of the Common Stock as of the date of grant. Incentive stock options granted to any person who owns, immediately after the grant, stock possessing more than 10% of the combined voting power of all classes of our stock, or of any parent or subsidiary corporation, must have an exercise price at least equal to 110% of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Non-statutory stock options may have exercise prices as determined by our Compensation Committee.

The Compensation Committee is also authorized to grant restricted stock awards under the Plans. A restricted stock award is a grant of shares of the Common Stock that is subject to restrictions on transferability, risk of forfeiture and other restrictions and that may be forfeited in the event of certain terminations of employment or service prior to the end of a restricted period specified by the Compensation Committee.

We have filed various registration statements on Form S-8 and amendments to previously filed Form S-8's with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC'), which registered a total of 408,750 shares of Common Stock issued or to be issued underlying the awards under the Plans.

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Plans as of December 31, 2022:

## Equity Compensation Plan Information

| Plan category  Number of securities to  be issued upon exercise  of outstanding options,  warrants and rights (a)  Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding options,  warrants and rights (b)  Number of securities  remaining available for  future issuance under  equity compensation  plans (excluding  securities reflected in  column (a)) (c)  Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders  53,950  $  45.80  408,750  Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders  -  $  -  -  Total all plans  53,950  $  45.80  408,750   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2023, information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock for:

- each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our Common Stock;
- each of our executive officers;
- each of our directors; and
- all of our current executive officers and directors as a group

Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security, including securities that are currently exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of March 31, 2023. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock shown that they beneficially own, subject to community property laws where applicable.

Common Stock subject to securities currently exercisable or exercisable within sixty (60) days of March 31, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such securities and the percentage ownership of any group of which the holder is a member but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person.

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Digital Ally, Inc., 14001 Marshall Drive., Lenexa, KS 66215.

| Number of Shares of Common  Stock Beneficially Owned (1)  % of Total  Voting  Shares  %  Power  5% or Greater Stockholders:  None  -  -  -  Executive Officers and Directors:  Stanton E. Ross  (2)  116,065  4.2%  4.2%  Leroy C. Richie  (3)  18,211  *  *  Daniel F. Hutchins  (4)  17,885  *  *  Michael J. Caulfield  (5)  16,393  *  *  Thomas J. Heckman  (6)  76,687  2.8%  2.8%  Peng Han  (7)  13,781  *  *  All executive officers and directors as a group (five individuals)  259,022  9.2%  9.2%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Represents less than 1%.

(1) Based on 2,755,170 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and, with respect only to the ownership by all executive officers and directors as a group.

(2) Mr. Ross's total shares of Common Stock include 26,250 restricted shares that are subject to forfeiture to us.

(3) Mr. Richie's total shares of Common Stock include 16,250 shares of Common Stock to be received upon the exercise of vested options.

(4) Mr. Hutchins' total shares of Common Stock include 16,250 shares of Common Stock to be received upon the exercise of vested options.

(5) Mr. Caulfield's total shares of Common Stock include 16,250 shares of Common Stock to be received upon the exercise of vested options.

(6) Mr. Heckman's total shares of Common Stock include (i) 3,750 restricted shares that are subject to forfeiture to us and (ii) 23,120 shares of Common Stock held in the Company's 401(k) Plan (on December 31, 2022) as to which Mr. Heckman has voting power as trustee of the 401(k) Plan.

(7) Mr. Han's total shares of Common Stock include (i) 10,250 restricted shares that are subject to forfeiture to us and (ii) 331 shares of Common Stock to be received upon the exercise of vested options.

## Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

## Transactions with Managing Member of Nobility Healthcare

On January 27, 2022, the Board of Directors appointed Christian J. Hoffmann, III as a member of the Board, effective immediately. Mr. Hoffmann is a principal owner and manager of Nobility, LLC which is currently the managing member of our consolidated subsidiary Nobility Healthcare, LLC.

The Company has advanced a total of $158,384 in the form of a working capital loan to Nobility, LLC in order to fund capital expenditures necessary for the initial growth  of  the  joint  venture  during  2022.  The  outstanding  balance  of  the  working  capital  loan  was  $138,384  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  the  Company  anticipates  full repayment of this advance during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company paid distributions to the noncontrolling in consolidated subsidiary totaling $15,692 and $-0-, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

On August 1, 2022, Mr. Hoffmann resigned as a member of the Board, effective immediately. He remains as a principal owner and manager of Nobility, LLC.

## Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

The following table is a summary of the fees billed to us by RBSM LLP for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Fee Category  Fiscal  2022 fees  Fiscal  2021 fees  Audit fees  $  327,415  $  189,250  Audit-related fees  -  61,500  Tax fees  -  -  All other fees  -  -  Total fees  $  327,415  $  250,750   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Audit Fees . Such amount consists of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports. It also includes services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firms in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.

Audit-Related Fees . Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements  and  are  not  reported  under  'Audit  Fees.'  These  services  include  employee  benefit  plan  audits,  consents  issued  for  certain  filings  with  the  SEC,  accounting consultations  in  connection  with  acquisitions,  attest  services  that  are  not  required  by  statute  or  regulation,  and  consultations  concerning  financial  accounting  and  reporting standards.

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and international tax compliance, tax audit defense, customs and duties, mergers and acquisitions, and international tax planning.

All Other Fees . Consists of fees for products and services other than the services reported above.

Pre-Approval Policy of Services Performed by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. The Audit Committee's policy is to pre-approve all audit and non -audit related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated the pre-approval authority to its chairperson when expedition of services is necessary. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date.

## PART IV

## Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

- (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
1. Consolidated Financial Statements :

The consolidated financial statements required to be included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, begin on Page F-1 and are submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

2. Financial Statement Schedules :

All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or are not required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

3. Exhibits :

| Exhibit  Number  Description of Exhibit  2.1  Agreement and Plan of Merger.  (19)  3.1(i)(a)  Articles of Incorporation.  (19)  3.1(i)(b)  Articles of Merger.  (19)  3.1(i)(c)  Certificate of Amendment to Digital Ally, Inc.'s Articles of Incorporation.  (22)  3.1(i)(d)  Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Digital Ally, Inc.  (23)  3.1(ii)  Bylaws  (19)  4.1  Form of Common Stock Certificate.  *  4.2  Form of Series A-1 Warrant.  (6)  4.3  Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant.  (7)  4.4  Common Stock Purchase Warrant of Digital Ally, Inc.  (8)  4.5  Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant  (10)  4.6  Description of the Registrant's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  *  10.1  2005 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan.  (2)  10.2  2006 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan.  (2)  10.3  Form of Stock Option Agreement (ISO and Non-Qualified) 2005 Stock Option Plan.  (2)  10.4  Form of Stock Option Agreement (ISO and Non-Qualified) 2006 Stock Option Plan.  (2)  10.9  Forms of Restricted Stock Agreement for 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plans.  (3)  10.11  2011 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan  (4)  10.12  Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2011 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan  (4)  10.13  Amended and Restated 2015 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan  (5)  10.14  Form of 2015 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement.  *  10.15  Digital Ally, Inc. 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan.  (9)  10.16  Form of 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement.  *  10.17  Digital Ally, Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan.  (11)  10.18  Amendment to Digital Ally, Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan.  (14)  10.19  Form of 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement.  *  10.20  Digital Ally, Inc. 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan.  (21)  10.21  Form of 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement under the 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan.  (24)  10.22  Proceeds Investment Agreement, dated as July 31, 2018, by and between Digital Ally, Inc. and Brickell Key Investments LP  (8)  10.23  Letter Agreement, dated as July 31, 2018, by and between Digital Ally, Inc. and Brickell Key Investments LP  (8)  10.24  Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and the Investors.  (12)  10.25  Form of Placement Agency Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Kingswood Capital Markets, division of  Benchmark Investments, Inc.  (13)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 10.26  Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2021, by and between the Company and the Investors.  (13)  10.27  Commercial Real Estate Sales Contract, dated February 24, 2021, between the Company and DDG Holding, LLC.  (15)  10.28  Form of Operating Agreement of Nobility Healthcare, LLC, dated June 1, 2021  (16)  10.29  Warrant Exchange Agreement, dated August 19, 2021, by and among the Company and the warrant holders who are signatories thereto.  (17)  10.30  Unit Purchase Agreement, dated September 2, 2021  (18)  10.31  Form of Exchange Agreement.  (19)  10.32  Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Digital Ally, Inc. and the investors thereto.  (20)  10.33  Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and among Digital Ally, Inc. and the investors named therein.  (20)  14.1  Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct.  (1)  21.1  Subsidiaries of Registrant  *  23.1  Consent of RBSM LLP  *  24.1  Power of Attorney  *  31.1  Certificate of Stanton E. Ross, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  *  31.2  Certificate of Thomas J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  *  32.1  Certificate of Stanton E. Ross, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  *  32.2  Certificate of Thomas J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  *  - 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document **  - 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema **  - 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase **  - 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase **  - 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase **  - 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## *Filed herewith.

** The XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed 'filed' for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that Section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing or document.

- (1) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10KSB for the Year ended December 31, 2007.
- (2) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's October 2006 Form SB-2.
- (3) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10K for the Year ended December 31, 2009.
- (4) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed June 1, 2011.
- (5) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form S-8 filed May 23, 2016.
- (6) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed August 25, 2017.
- (7) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed April 4, 2018.
- (8) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed August 2, 2018.
- (9) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed August 20, 2018.
- (10) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed August 5, 2019.
- (11) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed November 16, 2020.
- (12) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed January 12, 2021.
- (13) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed January 28, 2021.
- (14) Filed as Appendix A to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 27, 2021.
- (15) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed May 3, 2021.
- (16) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed June 9, 2021.
- (17) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed August 19, 2021.
- (18) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed September 9, 2021.
- (19) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed August 23, 2022.
- (20) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed October 19, 2022.
- (21) Filed as Appendix A to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed October 28, 2022.
- (22) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed 8-K filed December 8, 2022.
- (23) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 8-K filed 8-K filed February 7, 2023.
- (24) Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed February 28, 2023.

(b) No financial statement schedules have been provided because the information is not required or is shown either in the financial statements or the notes thereto.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC.,

a Nevada corporation

| By:  /s/ STANTON E. ROSS Stanton E. Ross Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 31, 2023  Dated:   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Each person whose signature appears below authorizes Stanton E. Ross to execute in the name of each such person who is then an officer or director of the registrant, and to file, any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K necessary or advisable to enable the registrant to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect thereof, which amendments may make such changes in such Report as such attorneyin-fact may deem appropriate.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Signature and Title  Date  /s/ STANTON E. ROSS  March 31, 2023  Stanton E. Ross, Director and Chief Executive Officer  /s/ LEROY C. RICHIE  March 31, 2023  Leroy C. Richie, Director  /s/ MICHAEL J. CAULFIELD  March 31, 2023  Michael J. Caulfield, Director  /s/ DANIEL F. HUTCHINS  March 31, 2023  Daniel F. Hutchins, Director  /s/ THOMAS J. HECKMAN  March 31, 2023  Thomas J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

| INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  Page(s)  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No: 587)  F-2  Consolidated Financial Statements:  Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021  F-5  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021  F-6  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021  F-7  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021  F-8  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  F-9  F-1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Digital Ally, Inc.

## Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Digital  Ally,  Inc.  and  its  subsidiaries  (the  Company)  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  related consolidated  statements  of  operations,  stockholders'  equity  and  cash  flows  for  each  of  the  years  in  the  two  year  period  ended  December  31,  2022,  and  the  related  notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flow for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

## The Company's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred substantial operating losses and will require additional capital to continue as a going concern. This raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statement are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

## Goodwill, Indefinite Life Intangibles and Other Intangibles Impairment Assessments - Entertainment/Ticketing Reporting Unit - Refer to Notes 1, 8 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements

## Critical Audit Matter Description

As described in Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's goodwill and indefinite life intangible asset balance was $5,886,547 and $600,000, respectively as of December 31, 2022. The Company also has amortizable identifiable intangible assets of $5,600,000 and $600,000 which are being amortized over 5 years and 4 years, respectively,  and  are  related  to  the  Entertainment/Ticketing  reporting  unit.  Management  tests  these  assets  annually  for  impairment  or  more  frequently  when  potential impairment triggering events are present. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value. Management uses a market approach to estimate the fair value of its reporting unit. The key assumptions and estimates utilized in the market approach primarily include market multiples, peer group and comparable transaction selection and selection of relevant financial matrices for concluding the fair value of reporting unit discount rates, and future levels of revenue growth and operating margins.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill and intangible asset impairment assessments of the Entertainment/Ticketing reporting unit is a critical audit matter because (i) the significant judgment used by management when determining the fair value estimates of the reporting units; (ii) the high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating the significant assumptions used in management's fair value estimates; and (iii) the audit effort involved in the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

## How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements.

- These procedures included, among others, (i) testing management's process for determining the fair value estimates of the entertainment/ticketing reporting unit; (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the market approach; and (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to market multiples, peer group and comparable transaction selection and selection of relevant financial matrices for concluding the fair value of reporting unit discount rates, and future levels of revenue growth and operating margins.
- Evaluating  management's  assumptions  related  to  the  future  levels  of  revenue  growth  and  operating  margins  involved  evaluating  whether  the  assumptions  were reasonable considering (i) current and past performance of the reporting units; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit.
- Professionals  with  specialized  skill  and  knowledge  were  used  to  assist  in  evaluating  (i)  the  appropriateness  of  the  market  approach  and  (ii)  the  reasonableness  of significant assumptions related to the market multiples, peer group and comparable transaction selection and selection of relevant financial matrices for concluding the fair value of reporting unit discount rates, and future levels of revenue growth and operating margins.

## Goodwill  and  Other  Intangibles  arising  from  the  acquisition  of  Healthcare  Acquisition  and  Medical  Billing  Acquisitions  -  Refer  to  Notes  1,  8  and  21  to  the consolidated financial statements

## Critical Audit Matter Description

As disclosed in Note 1, Goodwill arises in connection with acquisitions. The excess purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.

As disclosed in Note 21, on June 30, 2021, August 31, 2021 and January 1, 2022 the Company completed acquisitions in accordance with the stock purchase agreement. The consideration included an initial payment of cash. In addition to the initial payment amount, the Company agreed to issue an earn-out agreement to the selling stockholders in the contingent amount of $1,750,000 that is subject to an earn-out adjustment based on difference between projected revenue and cash basis revenue collected by the Company in its normal course of business from the clients existing on the acquisition date during the measurement period. The Company gave a fair value of $1,750,000 to the earn-out on the date of acquisition which is considered a contingent liability. Auditing the accounting for the acquisition was complex due to the significant estimation uncertainty in determining the fair values of identified intangible assets, which consisted of Client Agreements $664,034 and Goodwill of $5,480,966.

Given the significant judgments made by management to estimate the intangible assets acquired, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management's estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists.

## How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included, among others:

- We utilized  personnel  with  specialized  knowledge  and  skill  in  valuation  to  assist  in;  a)  assessing  the  appropriateness  of  Multi-Period  Excess  Earnings  Method  valuation methodology for the client agreements - intangible asset, b) evaluating the reasonableness of the growth rates, percent of revenues derived from acquired customers,  medical  loss  ratio,  operating  costs,  contributory  asset  charge  and  discount  rate  used  in  the  income  approach,  c)  evaluating  the  reasonableness  of  the assumptions and estimates used in the valuation methodologies.
- Evaluate  the  reasonableness  of  management's  significant  estimates  and  assumptions  including  revenue  growth  rates,  percent  of  revenues  derived  from  acquired customers, medical loss ratio, operating costs, contributory asset charge and discount rates and futures market conditions.
- Evaluate if there have been events and circumstances that might indicate Goodwill has been impaired.
- Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the income approach and (ii) the reasonableness of significant assumptions.
- Reviewed and assessed the appropriateness of adjustments to Goodwill, Other Intangibles and other Assets and Liabilities acquired based on changes to their estimated fair values.

## /s/ RBSM LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019.

New York, NY March 31, 2023 PCAOB ID Number 587

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

| 2022  2021  Assets  Current assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  3,532,199  $  32,007,792  Accounts receivable-trade, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $152,736 - 2022 and $113,234 - 2021  2,044,056  2,727,052  Other receivables (including $138,384 due from related parties - 2022 and $158,384- 2021, refer to Note  19)  4,076,522  2,021,813  Inventories, net  6,839,406  9,659,536  Prepaid expenses  8,466,413  9,728,782  Total current assets  24,958,596  56,144,975  Property, plant, and equipment, net  7,898,686  6,841,026  Goodwill and other intangible assets, net  17,872,970  16,902,513  Operating lease right of use assets, net  782,129  993,384  Other assets  5,155,681  2,107,299  Total assets  $  56,668,062  $  82,989,197  Liabilities and Equity  Current liabilities:  Accounts payable  $  9,477,355  $  4,569,106  Accrued expenses  1,090,967  1,175,998  Current portion of operating lease obligations  294,617  373,371  Contract liabilities - current  2,154,874  1,665,519  Debt obligations - current  485,373  389,934  Warrant derivative liabilities  -  14,846,932  Income taxes payable  8,097  1,827  Total current liabilities  13,511,283  23,022,687  Long-term liabilities:  Debt obligations - long term  442,467  727,278  Operating lease obligation - long term  555,707  688,207  Contract liabilities - long term  5,818,082  2,687,786  Total liabilities  20,327,539  27,125,958  Commitments and contingencies  Mezzanine equity:  Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; shares issued: 0 - 2022 and 0 - 2021  -  -  Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; shares issued: 0 - 2022 and 0 - 2021  -  -  Equity:  Common stock, $0.001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; shares issued: 2,720,170 - 2022 and  2,545,220 - 2021  2,721  2,545  Additional paid in capital  127,869,342  124,476,447  Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiary  448,694  56,453  Accumulated deficit  (91,980,234)  (68,672,206)  Total equity  36,340,523  55,863,239  Total liabilities and equity  $  56,668,062  $  82,989,197   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

| 2022  2021  Revenue:  Product  $  10,999,892  $  9,180,287  Service and other  26,010,003  12,233,147  Total revenue  37,009,895  21,413,434  Cost of revenue:  Product  14,372,115  8,635,047  Service and other  20,315,839  7,114,612  Total cost of revenue  34,687,954  15,749,659  Gross profit  2,321,941  5,663,775  Selling, general and administrative expenses:  Research and development expense  2,290,293  1,930,784  Selling, advertising and promotional expense  9,312,204  5,717,824  General and administrative expense  20,452,702  12,776,077  Total selling, general and administrative expenses  32,055,199  20,424,685  Operating loss  (29,733,258)  (14,760,910)  Other income (expense):  Interest income  131,025  310,200  Interest expense  (37,196)  (28,600)  Other expense  (230,744)  -  Change in fair value of short-term investments  (84,818)  (101,645)  Change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities  6,726,638  36,664,907  Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes and earn-out agreements  516,970  3,732,789  Warrant modification expense  -  (295,780)  Gain on the extinguishment of debt  -  10,000  Gain on extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities  3,624,794  -  Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment  212,831  -  Total other income  10,859,500  40,291,871  Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)  (18,873,758)  25,530,961  Income tax expense (benefit)  -  -  Net income (loss)  (18,873,758)  25,530,961  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary  (407,933)  (56,453)  Loss on redemption - Series A &amp; B convertible redeemable preferred stock  (2,385,000)  -  Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders  $  (21,666,691)  $  25,474,508  Net income (loss) per share attributable to common information:  Basic  $  (8.50)  $  10.14  Diluted  $  (8.50)  $  10.14  Weighted average shares outstanding:  Basic  2,548,549  2,511,114  Diluted  2,548,549  2,511,114   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

| Noncontrolling  Additional  Interest in  Common Stock  Paid In  Treasury  consolidated  Accumulated  Shares  Amount  Capital  stock  subsidiary  deficit  Total  Balance, December 31, 2020  1,341,735  $  1,342  $ 106,526,889  $ (2,157,225)  $  -  $  (90,014,500)  $  14,356,506  Stock-based compensation  -  -  1,605,949  -  -  -  1,605,949  Restricted common stock grant  42,800  43  (43)  -  -  -  -  Restricted common stock forfeitures  (385)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of common stock through registered direct offering at $61.90 per share and  accompanying warrants (net of offering expenses and placement agent discount)  140,000  140  6,728,860  -  -  -  6,729,000  Issuance of common stock through registered direct offering at $56.00 per share and  accompanying warrants (net of offering expenses and placement agent discount)  162,500  162  6,617,438  -  -  -  6,617,600  Exercise of pre-funded common stock purchase warrants at $61.90 per share  360,000  360  22,283,640  -  -  -  22,284,000  Exercise of pre-funded common stock purchase warrants at $56.00 per share  552,500  552  30,939,448  -  -  -  30,940,000  Issuance of pre-funded common stock purchase warrants in connection with the registered direct  offerings  -  -  (1,817,548)  -  -  -  (1,817,548)  Issuance of common stock purchase warrants at exercise price of $65.00 per share in connection  with the registered direct offerings  -  -  (49,398,510)  -  -  -  (49,398,510)  Issuance of common stock as consideration for acquisition  35,987  36  990,324  -  -  -  990,360  Repurchase and cancellation of common stock  (86,742)  (87)  -  -  -  (1,974,992)  (1,975,079)  Cancellation of treasury stock  (3,176)  (3)  -  2,157,225  -  (2,157,222)  -  Net income  -  -  -  -  56,453  25,474,508  25,530,961  Balance, December 31, 2021  2,545,220  $  2,545  $ 124,476,447  $  -  $  56,453  $  (68,672,206 )  $  55,863,239  Stock-based compensation  -  -  1,282,757  -  -  -  1,282,757  Restricted common stock grant  35,750  36  (36)  -  -  -  -  Restricted common stock forfeitures  (3,250)  (3)  3  -  -  -  -  Distribution to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiary  -  -  -  -  (15,692)  -  (15,692)  Issuance of common stock under rule 144 restrictions related to contemplated spin-off  transaction  25,000  25  (25)  -  -  -  -  Repurchase and cancellation of common stock  (186,299)  (186)  -  -  -  (4,026,337)  (4,026,523)  Issuance of common stock through warrant exchange agreement  303,750  304  4,495,196  -  -  -  4,495,500  Loss on redemption of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock  -  -  (2,385,000)  -  -  -  (2,385,000)  Net income (loss)  -  -  -  -  407,933  (19,281,691)  (18,873,758)  Balance, December 31, 2022  2,720,171  $  2,721  $ 127,869,342  $  -  $  448,694  $  (91,980,234 )  $  36,340,523   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

| 2022  2021  Cash Flows from Operating Activities:  Net income (loss)  $  (18,873,758)  $  25,530,961  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash flows used in operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization  2,176,679  822,489  Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment  (212,831)  -  Stock based compensation  1,282,757  1,605,949  Provision for doubtful accounts receivable  (39,502)  9,990  Provision for doubtful lease receivable  140,448  -  Gain on extinguishment of debt  -  (10,000)  Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes and earn-out agreements  (516,970)  (3,732,789)  Change in fair value of warrant derivative liability  (6,726,638)  (36,664,907)  Gain of extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities  (3,624,794)  -  Warrant modification expense  -  295,780  Provision for inventory obsolescence  1,574,453  1,954,738  Change in operating assets and liabilities:  (Increase) decrease in:  Accounts receivable - trade  722,498  (29,838)  Accounts receivable - other (including related party)  (2,195,157)  (693,992)  Inventories  1,245,677  (1,431,080)  Prepaid expenses  1,293,080  (3,839,458)  Operating lease right of use assets  328,772  180,497  Other assets  (3,048,382)  (738,466)  Increase (decrease) in:  Accounts payable  4,709,030  (1,907,608)  Accrued expenses  (112,896)  166,874  Income taxes payable  6,270  (5,331)  Operating lease obligations  (328,772)  (195,884  Contract liabilities  3,619,651  856,967  Net cash used in operating activities  (18,580,385)  (17,825,108)  Cash Flows from Investing Activities:  Purchases of property, plant and equipment  (2,068,508)  (6,428,225)  Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment  609,559  -  Purchases of intangible assets  (116,990)  (1,189,132)  Proceeds from sale of intangible assets  18,975  -  Cash paid for acquisition of Medical Billing Company  -  (1,026,508)  Cash paid for acquisition of Medical Billing Company  -  (2,270,000)  Cash paid for acquisition of Medical Billing Company  (1,153,627)  -  Cash paid for asset acquisition of Medical Billing Company  (230,000)  -  Cash paid for acquisition of TicketSmarter  -  (8,615,514)  Collection of notes receivable  -  405,000  Net cash used in investing activities  (2,940,591)  (19,124,379)  Cash Flows from Financing Activities:  Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of pre-funded warrants  -  53,224,000  Net proceeds from sale of common stock in registered direct offerings  -  13,346,600  Repurchase and cancellation of common stock  (4,026,523)  (1,975,079)  Distribution to noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiary  (15,692)  -  Principal payment on contingent consideration promissory notes  (527,402)  -  Proceeds from issuance of Series A &amp; B convertible redeemable preferred shares, net of issuance costs  13,365,000  -  Redemption of Series A &amp; B convertible redeemable preferred shares  (15,750,000)  -  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  (6,954,617)  64,595,521  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  (28,475,593)  27,646,034  Cash, cash equivalents, beginning of year  32,007,792  4,361,758  Cash, cash equivalents, end of year  $  3,532,199  $  32,007,792  Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:  Cash payments for interest  $  49,070  $  -  Cash payments for income taxes  $  8,730  $  1,224  Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities:  Restricted common stock grant  $  61  $  43  Restricted common stock forfeitures  $  3  $  -  Issuance of contingent consideration earn-out agreement for business acquisitions  $  750,000  $  3,700,000  Issuance of contingent consideration promissory note for business acquisitions  $  -  $  1,000,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Issuance of contingent consideration promissory note for asset acquisitions  $  105,000  $  -  Assets acquired in business acquisitions  $  190,631  $  6,324,189  Identifiable intangible assets acquired in business acquisitions  $  -  $  6,800,000  Goodwill acquired in business acquisitions  $  2,100,000  $  9,931,547  Liabilities assumed in business acquisitions  $  387,005  $  5,453,353  ROU and lease liability recorded on extension of lease  $  42,403  $  -  Common stock issued as consideration for business acquisitions  $  -  $  990,360  Amounts allocated to initial measurement of warrant derivative liabilities in connection to the warrants and  pre-funded warrants  $  -  $  51,216,058  Issuance of common stock through warrant exchange agreement  $  4,495,500  $  -  Cancellation of treasury stock  $  -  $  2,157,225   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Nature of Business:

Digital Ally, Inc. was originally incorporated in Nevada on December 13, 2000 as Vegas Petra, Inc. and had no operations until 2004. On November 30, 2004, Vegas Petra,  Inc.  entered  into  a  Plan  of  Merger  with  Digital  Ally,  Inc.,  at  which  time  the  merged  entity  was  renamed  Digital  Ally,  Inc.  (such  merged  entity,  the  'Predecessor Registrant').

On  August  23,  2022  (the  'Effective  Time'),  the  Predecessor  Registrant  merged  with  and  into  its  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  DGLY  Subsidiary  Inc.,  a  Nevada corporation (the 'Registrant'), pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger, dated as of August 23, 2022 (the 'Merger Agreement'), between the Predecessor Registrant and the Registrant, with the Registrant as the surviving corporation in the merger (such transaction, the 'Merger'). At the Effective Time, Articles of Merger were filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, pursuant to which the Registrant was renamed 'Digital Ally, Inc.' and, by operation of law, succeeded to the assets, continued the business and assumed the rights and obligations of the Predecessor Registrant immediately prior to the Merger. Under the Nevada Revised Statutes, shareholder approval was not required in connection with the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.

At the  Effective  Time,  pursuant  to  the  Merger  Agreement,  (i)  each  outstanding  share  of  Predecessor  Registrant's  common  stock,  par  value  $0.001  per  share  (the 'Predecessor Common Stock') automatically converted into one share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Registrant ('Registrant Common Stock'), (ii) each outstanding option, right or warrant to acquire shares of Predecessor Common Stock converted into an option, right or warrant, as applicable, to acquire an equal number of shares  of  Registrant  Common  Stock  under  the  same  terms  and  conditions  as  the  original  options,  rights  or  warrants,  and  (iii)  the  directors  and  executive  officers  of  the Predecessor Registrant were appointed as directors and executive officers, as applicable, of the Registrant, each to serve in the same capacity and for the same term as such person served with the Predecessor Registrant immediately before the Merger.

The business of the Registrant, Digital Ally, Inc. (with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Digital Ally International, Inc., Shield Products, LLC, Digital Ally Healthcare, LLC, TicketSmarter, Inc., Worldwide Reinsurance, Ltd., Digital Connect, Inc., BirdVu Jets, Inc., Kustom 440, Inc., and its majority-owned subsidiary Nobility Healthcare, LLC, collectively, 'Digital Ally,' 'Digital,' and the 'Company'), is divided into three reportable operating segments: 1) the Video Solutions Segment, 2) the Revenue Cycle Management Segment and 3) the Ticketing Segment. The Video Solutions Segment is our legacy business that produces digital video imaging, storage products, disinfectant and related safety products for use in law enforcement, security and commercial applications. This segment includes both service and product revenues through our subscription models offering cloud and warranty solutions, and hardware sales for video and health safety solutions. The Revenue Cycle Management Segment provides working capital and back-office services to a variety of healthcare organizations throughout the country, as a monthly service fee. The Ticketing Segment acts as an intermediary between ticket buyers and sellers within our secondary ticketing platform, ticketsmarter.com, and we also acquire tickets from primary sellers to then sell through various platforms. The accounting guidance on Segment Reporting establishes standards for reporting information regarding operating segments in annual financial statements and requires selected information of those segments to be presented in financial statements. Such required segment information is included in Note 23.

## Reverse Stock Split

On February 6, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effect a 1-for-20 reverse stock split (the 'Reverse Stock Split') of the shares of its common stock. The Reverse Stock Split was effective as of time of filing. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares of our Common Stock that would have otherwise resulted from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the nearest  whole  number.  In  connection  with  the  Reverse  Stock  Split,  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Company  approved  appropriate  and  proportional adjustments to all outstanding securities or other rights convertible or exercisable into shares of the Company's common stock, including, without limitation, all preferred stock, warrants, options, and other equity compensation rights. All historical share and per-share amounts reflected throughout the Company's consolidated financial statements and other financial information in this Report have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split as if the split occurred as of the earliest period presented. The par value per share of the Company's common stock was not affected by the Reverse Stock Split.

## The following is a summary of the Company's Significant Accounting Policies:

## Basis of Consolidation:

The  accompanying  financial  statements  include  the  consolidated  accounts  of  Digital  Ally,  its  wholly-owned  subsidiaries,  Digital  Ally  International,  Inc.,  Shield Products, LLC, Digital Ally Healthcare, LLC, TicketSmarter, Inc., Worldwide Reinsurance, Ltd., Digital Connect, Inc., BirdVu Jets, Inc., Kustom 440, Inc., and its majorityowned subsidiary Nobility Healthcare, LLC. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated during consolidation.

The Company formed Digital Ally International, Inc. during August 2009 to facilitate the export sales of its products. The Company formed Shield Products, LLC in May 2020 to facilitate the sales of its Shield™ line of disinfectant/cleanser products and ThermoVu® line of temperature monitoring equipment. The Company formed Nobility Healthcare,  LLC  ('Nobility  Healthcare')  in  June  2021  to  facilitate  the  operations  of  its  revenue  cycle  management  solutions  and  back-office  services  for  healthcare organizations. The Company formed TicketSmarter, Inc. upon its acquisition of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC, to facilitate its global ticketing operations. The Company formed Worldwide Reinsurance Ltd., which is a captive insurance company domiciled in Bermuda. It will provide primarily liability insurance coverage to the Company for which insurance may not be currently  available or economically feasible in  today's  insurance  marketplace.  The  Company  formed  Digital  Connect,  Inc.  and BirdVu Jets,  Inc.  for  travel  and  transportation  purposes  in  2022.  The  Company  formed  Kustom  440,  Inc.  in  2022  to  create  unique  entertainment  experiences  directly  for consumers.

## Fair Value of Financial Instruments:

The carrying amounts of financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and subordinated notes payable approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these items.

## Revenue Recognition:

The  Company  applies  the  provisions  of  Accounting  Standards  Codification  (ASC)  606-10, Revenue  from  Contracts  with  Customers ,  and  all  related  appropriate guidance. The Company recognizes revenue under the core principle to depict the transfer of control to its customers in an amount reflecting the consideration to which it expects to be entitled. In order to achieve that core principle, the Company applies the following five-step approach: (1) identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue when a performance obligation is satisfied.

The Company has two different revenue streams, product and service, represented through its three segments. The Company reports all revenues on a gross basis, other than service revenues from the Company's entertainment and revenue cycle management segments, Revenues generated by all segments are reported net of sales taxes.

## Video Solutions

The Company considers customer purchase orders, which in some cases are governed by master sales agreements, to be the contracts with the customer. In situation where sales are to a distributor, the Company had concluded its contracts are with the distributor as the Company holds a contract bearing enforceable rights and obligations only with the distributor. As part of part of its consideration for the contract, the Company evaluates certain factors including the customers' ability to pay (or credit risk). For each contract, the Company considers the promise to transfer products, each of which is distinct, to be the identified performance obligations. In determining the transaction price, the Company evaluates whether the price is subject to refund or adjustment to determine the net consideration to which it expects to be entitled. As the Company's standard payment terms are less than one year, it has elected the practical expedient under ASC 606-10-32-18 to not assess whether a contract has a significant financing component. The Company allocates the transaction price to each distinct product based on its relative standalone selling price. The product price as specified on the purchase order  is  considered  the  standalone  selling  price  as  it  is  an  observable  input  which  depicts  the  price  as  if  sold  to  a  similar  customer  in  similar  circumstances.  Revenue  is recognized when control of the product is transferred  to the customer (i.e. when the Company's performance obligations is satisfied), which typically occurs  at shipment. Further  in  determining  whether  control  has  been  transferred,  the  Company considers  if  there  is  a  present  right  to  payment  and  legal  title,  along  with  risks  and  rewards  of ownership having transferred to the customer. Customers do not have a right to return the product other than for warranty reasons for which they would only receive repair services or replacement products. The Company has also elected the practical expedient under ASC 340-40-25-4 to expense commissions for product sales when incurred as the amortization period of the commission asset the Company would have otherwise recognized is less than one year.

Service  and  other  revenue  is  comprised  of  revenues  from  extended  warranties,  repair  services,  cloud  revenue  and  software  revenue.  Revenue  is  recognized  upon shipment of the product and acceptance of the service or materials by the end customer for repair services. Revenue for extended warranty, cloud service or other softwarebased products is over the term of the contract warranty or service period. A time-elapsed method is used to measure progress because the Company transfers control evenly over the contractual period. Accordingly, the fixed consideration related to these revenues is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term, as long as the other revenue recognition criteria have been met.

The  Company's  multiple  performance  obligations  may  include  future  in-car  or  body-worn  camera  devices  to  be  delivered  at  defined  points  within  a  multi-year contract, and in those arrangements, the Company allocates total arrangement consideration over the life of the multi-year contract to future deliverables using management's best estimate of selling price.

## Revenue Cycle Management

The Company reports revenue cycle management revenues on a net basis, as its primary source of revenue is its end-to-end service fees which is generally determined as a percentage of the invoice amounts collected. These service fees are reported as revenue monthly upon completion of the Company's performance obligation to provide the agreed upon service.

## Entertainment

The Company reports ticketing revenue on a gross or net basis based on management's assessment of whether the Company is acting as a principal or agent in the transaction. The determination is based upon the evaluation of control over the event ticket, including the right to sell the ticket, prior to its transfer to the ticket buyer.

The Company sells tickets held in inventory, which consists of one performance obligation, being to transfer control of an event ticket to the buyer upon confirmation of  the  order.  The  Company  acts  as  the  principal  in  these  transactions  as  the  ticket  is  owned  by  the  Company  at  the  time  of  sale,  therefore  controlling  the  ticket  prior  to transferring to the customer. In these transactions, revenue is recorded on a gross basis based on the value of the ticket and is recognized when an order is confirmed. Payment is typically due upon delivery of the ticket.

The  Company also  acts  as  an  intermediary  between  buyers  and  sellers  through  online  secondary  marketplace.  Revenues  derived  from  this  marketplace  primarily consist of service fees from ticketing operations, and consists of one primary performance obligation, which is facilitating the transaction between the buyer and seller, being satisfied at the time the order has been confirmed. As the Company does not control the ticket prior to the transfer, the Company acts as an agent in these transactions. Revenue is recognized on a net basis, net of the amount due to the seller when an order is confirmed, the seller is then obligated to deliver the tickets to the buyer per the seller's listing. Payment is due at the time of sale.

## Other

Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue and include payments received in advance of performance under the contract and are reported separately as current liabilities and non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such amounts consist of extended warranty contracts, prepaid cloud services and prepaid installation services and are generally recognized as the respective performance obligations are satisfied. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue of $2.4 million related to its contract liabilities. Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue and include payments received in advance of performance under the contract and are reported separately as current liabilities and non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such amounts consist of extended warranty contracts, prepaid cloud services and prepaid installation services and are generally recognized as the respective performance obligations are satisfied. Total contract liabilities consist of the following:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Additions/Reclass  Recognized  Revenue  December 31, 2022  Contract liabilities, current  $  1,665,519  $  1,478,479  $  989,124  $  2,154,874  Contract liabilities, non-current  2,687,786  4,560,600  1,430,304  5,818,082  $  4,353,305  $  6,039,079  $  2,419,428  $  7,972,956   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  December 31, 2020  Additions/Reclass  Recognized  Revenue  December 31, 2021  Contract liabilities, current  $  1,647,469  $  696,936  $  678,886  $  1,665,519  Contract liabilities, non-current  1,848,869  2,432,884  1,593,967  2,687,786  $  3,496,338  $  3,129,820  $  2,272,853  $  4,353,305   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sales returns and allowances aggregated $118,027 and $45,298 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Obligations for estimated sales returns and allowances are recognized at the time of sales on an accrual basis. The accrual is determined based upon historical return rates adjusted for known changes in key variables affecting these return rates.

## Use of Estimates:

The  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  of  America  requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial  statements  and  the  reported  amount  of  revenues  and  expenses  during  the  reporting  period.  Actual  results  could  differ  from  those  estimates.  Management  utilizes various other estimates, including but not limited to, determining the estimated lives of long-lived assets, determining the potential impairment of long-lived assets, the fair value of warrants, options, the recognition of revenue, inventory valuation reserve, fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, incremental borrowing rate on leases, the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and other legal claims and contingencies. The results of any changes in accounting estimates are reflected in the financial statements in the period in which the changes become evident. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically, and the effects of revisions are reflected in the period that they are determined to be necessary.

## Cash and cash equivalents:

Cash and cash equivalents include funds on hand, in bank and short-term investments with original maturities of ninety (90) days or less. The following table shows the Company's cash and cash equivalents by significant investment category as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| December 31, 2022  Adjusted  Cost  Realized  Gains  Realized  Losses  Fair Value  Demand deposits  $  897,745  $  -  $  -  $  897,745  Short-term investments with original maturities of 90 days or less (Level 1):  Money market funds  2,634,454  -  -  2,634,454  $  3,532,199  $  -  $  -  $  3,532,199   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Adjusted  Cost  Unrealized  Gains  Unrealized  Losses  Fair Value  Demand deposits  $  5,031,246  $  -  $  -  $  5,031,246  Short-term investments with original maturities of 90 days or less (Level 1):  Money market funds  14,928,526  -  -  14,928,526  Mutual funds  12,079,901  -  (31,881)  12,048,020  $  32,039,673  $  -  $  (31,881)  $  32,007,792   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in accounts that at times may be in excess of the federally insured limit of $250,000 per bank. The Company minimizes this risk by placing its cash deposits with numerous major financial institutions. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the uninsured balance amounted to $2,495,189 and $29,836,142, respectively.

## Accounts Receivable:

Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful receivables based on a review of all outstanding amounts on a weekly basis. The Company determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by regularly evaluating individual customer receivables and considering a customer's financial condition, credit history, and current economic conditions.

Trade receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of trade receivables previously written off are recorded when received. A trade receivable is considered  to  be  past  due  if  any  portion  of  the  receivable  balance  is  outstanding  for  more  than  thirty  (30)  days  beyond  terms.  No  interest  is  charged  on  overdue  trade receivables.

## Goodwill and Other Intangibles:

Goodwill - In connection with acquisitions, the Company applies the provisions of ASC 805, Business Combinations , using the acquisition method of accounting. The excess purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. In accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other , the Company assesses goodwill for impairment annually as of December 31, and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired.

Goodwill  impairment  testing  is  performed  at  the  reporting  unit  level.  Goodwill  is  assigned  to  reporting  units  at  the  date  the  goodwill  is  initially  recorded.  Once goodwill has been assigned to reporting units, it no longer retains its association with a particular acquisition, and all of the activities within a reporting unit, whether acquired or internally generated, are available to support the value of the goodwill.

Traditionally,  goodwill  impairment  testing  is  a  two-step  process.  Step  one  involves  comparing  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  units  to  its  carrying  amount.  If  the carrying amount of a reporting unit is greater than zero and its fair value is greater than its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If the reporting unit's carrying amount is greater than the fair value, the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. Step two involves calculating an implied fair value of goodwill. The Company has adopted ASU 2017-04 which simplifies subsequent goodwill measurement by eliminating step two from the goodwill impairment test. As a result, the Company compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its respective carrying value and recognizes an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeded the reporting unit's fair value.

The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units using the market approach. Under the market approach, we estimate the fair value based on multiples of comparable public companies and precedent transactions. Significant estimates in the market approach include: identifying similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment, and assessing comparable revenue and operating income multiples in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit.

Long-lived and Other Intangible Assets The Company periodically assesses potential impairments of its long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360, Accounting for  the  Impairment  or  Disposal  of  Long-lived  Assets .  An  impairment  review  is  performed  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. The Company groups its assets at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of the other assets and liabilities. The Company has determined that the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are available is the operating segment level.

Factors considered by the Company include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance relative to historical or projected operating results; significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the overall business; and significant negative industry or economic trends. When the carrying value of a long-lived asset  may  not  be  recoverable  based  upon  the  existence  of  one  or  more  of  the  above  indicators  of  impairment,  the  Company  estimates  the  future  undiscounted  cash  flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows and eventual disposition is less than the carrying amount of the asset, the Company recognizes an impairment loss. An impairment loss is reflected as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset, based on the fair value if available, or discounted cash flows, if fair value is not available. The Company assessed potential impairments of its long-lived assets as of December 31, 2022 and concluded that there was no impairment.

Long-lived assets such as property, plant and equipment and purchased intangible assets subject to amortization  are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group be tested for possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the longlived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party appraisals, as considered necessary.

Intangible assets include deferred patent costs and license agreements. Legal expenses incurred in preparation of patent application have been deferred and will be amortized over the useful life of granted patents. Costs incurred in preparation of applications that are not granted will be charged to expense at that time. The Company has entered into several sublicense agreements under which it has been assigned the exclusive rights to certain licensed materials used in its products. These sublicense agreements generally require upfront payments to obtain the exclusive rights to such material. The Company capitalizes the upfront payments as intangible assets and amortizes such costs over their estimated useful life on a straight-line method.

## Inventories:

Inventories for the video solutions segment consist of electronic parts, circuitry boards, camera parts and ancillary parts (collectively, 'components'), work-in-process and finished goods. Finished goods that are manufactured and assembled by the Company are carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined by standard cost methods, which approximate the first-in, first-out method. Inventory costs include material, labor and manufacturing overhead. Inventories for the entertainment segment consists of tickets to live events purchased, which are held at lower of cost or net realizable value, and written-off after the event has occurred. Event tickets for the entertainment segment are carried at lower of cost or net realizable value, and fully written off at the time the event occurs if the ticket is unsold and remaining in inventory after the completion of the event. Management has established inventory reserves based on estimates of excess and/or obsolete current inventory.

Manufacturing inventory for the video solutions segment is reviewed for obsolescence and excess quantities on a quarterly basis, based on estimated future use of quantities on hand, which is determined based on past usage, planned changes to products and known trends in markets and technology. Changes in support plans or technology could have a significant impact on obsolescence.

To support our world-wide service operations for the video solutions segment, we maintain service spare parts inventory, which consists of both consumable and repairable spare parts. Consumable service spare parts are used within our service business to replace worn or damaged parts in a system during a service call and are generally classified in current inventory as our stock of this inventory turns relatively quickly. However, if there has been no recent usage for a consumable service spare part, but the part is still necessary to support systems under service contracts, the part is considered to be non-current and included within non-current inventories within our consolidated balance sheet. Consumables are charged to cost of goods sold when issued during the service call.

As these service parts age over the related product group's post-production service life, we reduce the net carrying value of our repairable spare part inventory on the consolidated balance sheet to account for the excess that builds over the service life. The post-production service life of our systems is generally seven to twelve years and, at the end of twelve years, the carrying value for these parts in our consolidated balance sheet is reduced to zero. We also perform periodic monitoring of our installed base for premature end of service life events and expense, through cost of sales, the remaining net carrying value of any related spare parts inventory in the period incurred.

## Property, plant and equipment:

Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation. Additions and improvements are capitalized while ordinary maintenance and repair expenditures are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is recorded by the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which ranges from three to thirty years, other than the infinite useful life of land. Amortization expense on capitalized leases is included with depreciation expense. The cost and accumulated depreciation related to assets sold or retired are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income.

## Leases:

The Company determines if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. For arrangements where the Company is the lessee, the Company will evaluate whether to account for the lease as an operating or finance lease. Operating leases are included in the right of use assets (ROU) and operating lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Finance leases would be included in property, plant and equipment, net and long-term debt and finance lease obligations on the balance sheet. The Company had operating leases for copiers and its office and warehouse space at December 31, 2022 but no financing leases.

ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the operating lease liabilities if the operating lease does not provide an implicit rate. Lease terms may include the option to extend when Company is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Company elected to apply the short-term lease measurement and recognition exemption in which ROU assets and lease liabilities are not recognized for short term leases.

## Warranties:

The Company's video solutions segment products carry explicit product warranties that extend up to two years from the date of shipment. The Company records a provision for estimated warranty costs based upon historical warranty loss experience and periodically adjusts these provisions to reflect actual experience. Accrued warranty costs are included in accrued expenses. Extended warranties are offered on selected products and when a customer purchases an extended warranty the associated proceeds are treated as contract liabilities and recognized over the term of the extended warranty.

## Shipping and Handling Costs:

Shipping  and  handling  costs  video  solutions  segment  for  outbound  sales  orders  totaled  $70,749  and  $79,763  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021, respectively. Such costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

## Advertising Costs:

Advertising expense video solutions segment and entertainment segments includes costs related to trade shows and conventions, promotional material and supplies, and media costs. Advertising costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. The Company incurred total advertising expenses of approximately $7,668,641 and $4,110,032  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  respectively.  Such  costs  are  included  in  selling,  advertising  and  promotional  expenses  in  the  Consolidated Statements of Operations.

## Income Taxes:

Deferred taxes are provided for by the liability method in which deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.

The Company applies the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ('FASB') Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') No. 740 - Income Taxes that provides  a  framework  for  accounting  for  uncertainty  in  income  taxes  and  provided  a  comprehensive  model  to  recognize,  measure,  present,  and  disclose  in  its  financial statements uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. It initially recognizes tax positions in the financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions are initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and all relevant facts. Application requires numerous estimates based on available information. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax benefits, and it recognized tax positions and tax benefits may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. As it obtains additional information, the Company may need to periodically adjust its recognized tax positions and tax benefits. These periodic adjustments may have a material impact on its Consolidated Statements of Operations.

The Company's policy is to record estimated interest and penalties related to the underpayment of income taxes as income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There was no interest expense related to the underpayment of estimated taxes during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were no penalties in 2022 and 2021.

The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various states. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's tax returns filed for 2019, 2020 and 2021 and to be filed for 2022 are subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities. With a few exceptions, as of December 31, 2022, the Company is no longer subject to Federal, state, or local examinations by tax authorities for taxable years prior to 2019.

## Research and Development Expenses:

The Company expenses all research and development costs as incurred, which is generally incurred by the video solutions segment. Development costs of computer software to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed are subject to capitalization beginning when a product's technological feasibility has been established and ending when a product is available for general release to customers. In most instances, the Company's products are released soon after technological feasibility has been established. Costs incurred subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility were not significant, and software development costs were expensed as incurred during 2022 and 2021.

## Warrant Derivative Liabilities:

In accordance with FASB ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in an Entities Own Equity, entities must consider whether to classify contracts that may be settled in its own stock, such as warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, as equity of the entity or as an asset or liability. If an event that is not within the entity's control could require net cash settlement, then the contract should be classified as an asset or a liability rather than as equity. We have determined because the terms of the warrants issued during the first quarter of 2021, and remain outstanding, include a provision that entitles all the warrant holders to receive cash for their warrants in the event of a qualifying cash tender offer, while only certain of the holders of the underlying shares of common stock would be entitled to cash, our warrants should be classified as liability measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. Volatility in the price of our common stock may result in significant changes in the value of the derivatives and resulting gains and losses on our statement of operations.

## Stock-Based Compensation:

The Company grants stock-based compensation to its employees, board of directors and certain third-party contractors. Share-based compensation arrangements may include the issuance of options to purchase common stock in the future or the issuance of restricted stock, which generally are subject to vesting requirements. The Company records stock-based compensation expense for all stock-based compensation granted based on the grant-date fair value. The Company recognizes these compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award.

The Company estimates the grant-date fair value of stock-based compensation using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Assumptions used to estimate compensation expense are determined as follows:

- Expected term is determined using the contractual term and vesting period of the award;
- Expected volatility of award grants made in the Company's plan is measured using the weighted average of historical daily changes in the market price of the Company's common stock over the period equal to the expected term of the award;
- Expected dividend rate is determined based on expected dividends to be declared;
- Risk-free interest rate is equivalent to the implied yield on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bonds with a maturity equal to the expected term of the awards; and
- Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur.

## Segment Reporting

The  accounting  guidance  on  Segment  Reporting  establishes  standards  for  reporting  information  regarding  operating  segments  in  annual  financial  statements  and requires selected information of those segments to be presented in financial statements. Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise for which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker (the Company's Chief Executive Officer or 'CODM') in making decisions on how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company's three operating segments are Video Solutions, Revenue Cycle Management, and Entertainment, each of which has specific personnel responsible for that business and reports to the CODM. Corporate expenses capture the Company's corporate administrative activities, is also to be reported in the segment information. Therefore, its operations are eliminated in consolidation and is not considered a separate business segment for financial reporting purposes.

## Contingent Consideration

In circumstances where an acquisition involves a contingent consideration arrangement that meets the definition of a liability under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ('FASB') Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, the Company recognizes a liability equal to the fair value of the contingent payments the Company expects to make as of the acquisition date. The Company remeasures this liability each reporting period and records changes in the fair value through the consolidated statement of operations.

## Repurchase and Cancellation of Shares

From time to time, the Company's Board of Directors (the 'Board') may authorize share repurchases of common stock. Shares repurchased under Board authorizations are held in treasury for general corporate purposes and cancelled when it is determined appropriate by management. The Company accounts for repurchases of common stock under the cost method. Shares repurchased and cancelled during the period were recorded as a reduction to stockholders' equity. See further discussion of the Company's share repurchase program in Note 18-Stockholders' Equity.

## Non-Controlling Interests

Non-controlling interests in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements represent the interest in subsidiaries held by venture partners. The venture partners hold noncontrolling interests in the Company's consolidated subsidiary Nobility Healthcare, LLC. Since the Company consolidates the financial statements of all wholly-owned and majority owned subsidiaries, the noncontrolling owners' share of each subsidiary's results of operations are deducted and reported as net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

## Redeemable Preferred Stock

Preferred stock may be classified as a liability, temporary equity (i.e., mezzanine equity) or permanent equity. In order to determine the appropriate classification, an evaluation of the cash redemption features is required.  Where there exists an absolute right of redemption presently or in the future, the preferred stock would be classified as a liability.  If  redemption  is  contingently  redeemable  upon  the  occurrence  of  an  event  that  is  outside  of  the  issuer's  control,  it  should  be  classified  as  mezzanine  equity.  The probability  that  the  redemption  event  will  occur  is  irrelevant.  If  no  redemption  features  exist,  or  if  a  contingent  redemption  feature  is  within  the  Company's  control,  the preferred stock would be considered equity.

## Lease Receivable

Lease receivable are carried at the original invoice amount less the total payments received pertaining to each individual customer's lease agreement. These agreements range from three to five years and are removed from lease receivables upon termination of the agreement. The Company determines if an allowance for doubtful accounts by regularly evaluating individual customer lease receivables and considering a customer's financial condition, credit history, and current economic conditions. No allowance was deemed necessary for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Notes Receivable

Notes receivable are carried at the original note amount less an estimate made for doubtful receivables based on a review of all outstanding notes on a quarterly basis. The Company determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by regularly evaluating each note receivable and considering the borrower's financial condition, credit history, and current economic conditions. The Company entered into a promissory note, through its entertainment segment, as part of a co-marketing agreement, with a principal amount of $3,000,000. Principal payment, since its inception, on this promissory note totaled $1,401,660 as of December 31, 2022, resulting in a remaining balance of $1,598,340 maturing December 31, 2023.

## New Accounting Standards

In  2020,  FASB  issued  ASU  No.  2020-06  to  simplify  the  accounting  for  convertible  debt  instruments  as  the  current  accounting  guidance  was  determined  to  be unnecessarily complex and difficult to navigate. The ASU primarily does three things: (1) The ASU eliminates the beneficial conversion feature model and the cash conversion model. The elimination of these models will result in more convertible instruments (convertible debt instruments or convertible preferred stock instruments) being reported as a single liability instrument. The ASU also makes targeted improvements to the related disclosures, (2) The ASU eliminates certain settlement conditions that are required to qualify for derivative scope exception which will allow for less equity contracts to be accounted for as a derivative and (3) The ASU aligns the diluted EPS calculation for convertible instruments by requiring the use of the if-converted method and requiring share settlement be included in the calculation when the contract includes an option of cash  or  share  settlement.  ASU  No.  2020-06  is  effective  for  fiscal  years  beginning  after  December  15,  2021  with  early  adoption  permitted  for  fiscal  years  beginning  after December 15, 2020. The Company adopted this update for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, with no material effect on the financials.

In  2020,  FASB issued ASU No. 2020-01 which represents a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force and it clarifies certain items related to ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The ASU (1) clarifies that when an entity is either applying the equity method or upon discontinuing the equity method it should consider observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment with the same issuer for valuing basis of the investment and (2) clarifies that when determining the accounting for certain forward contracts and purchased options an entity should not consider, whether upon settlement or exercise, if the underlying securities would be accounted for under the equity method or fair value option. ASU No. 2020-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this update for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, with no material effect on the financials.

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes - simplifying the accounting for income taxes (Topic 740), which is meant to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740, Income Taxes. The amendment also improves consistent application and simplifies GAAP for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and amending existing guidance. The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations.

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, 'Financial Instruments - Credit Losses' to improve information on credit losses for financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net income. ASU 2016-13 replaces the current incurred loss impairment methodology with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses. In April 2019 and May 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-04, 'Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments' and ASU No. 2019-05, 'Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Targeted Transition Relief' which provided additional implementation guidance on the previously issued ASU. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10, 'Financial Instruments - Credit Loss (Topic 326), Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), and Leases (Topic 842),' which defers the effective date for public filers that are considered small reporting companies ('SRC') as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Since the Company is an SRC, implementation is not needed until January 1, 2023. The Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting ASU 2016-13 will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

## Going Concern Matters and Management's Plans

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company incurred substantial operating losses in the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 primarily due to reduced gross margins caused by a combination of competitors' introduction of newer products with more advanced features together with significant price cutting of their products and the recent acquisitions with much smaller margins than the video solutions segment, historically. The Company incurred operating losses of approximately $29.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and $14.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and it had an accumulated deficit of $92.0 million as of December 31, 2022. In recent years the Company has accessed the public and private capital markets to raise funding through the issuance of debt and equity. In that regard, the Company raised approximately $66.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 through two underwritten public offerings. These equity raises were utilized to fund its operations and acquisitions. Management expects to continue this pattern until it achieves positive cash flows from operations, although it can offer no assurance in this regard.

The Company will have to restore positive operating cash flows and profitability over the next year and/or raise additional capital to fund its operational plans, meet its customary payment obligations and otherwise execute its business plan. There can be no assurance that it will be successful in restoring positive cash flows and profitability, or that it can raise additional financing when needed, and obtain it on terms acceptable or favorable to the Company.

The Company has increased its contract liabilities to nearly $8.0 million as of December 31, 2022, which results in recurring revenue during the period of 2023 to 2026. The Company believes that its quality control and cost cutting initiatives, expansion to non-law enforcement sales channels and new product introduction will eventually restore positive operating cash flows and profitability, although it can offer no assurances in this regard.

The Company has significantly cut costs in its entertainment segment through the removal of several large partnerships and sponsorships. These were not yielding the results management expected; thus, it is not expected that these costs with significantly hinder total revenues in 2023 and beyond.

In addition to the initiatives described above, the Board of Directors is conducting a review of a full range of strategic alternatives to best position the Company for the future including, but not limited to, the sale of all or certain assets, properties or groups of properties or individual businesses or merger or combination with another company. The  result  of  this  review  may  also  include  the  continued  implementation  of  the  Company's  business  plan.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  any  additional  transactions  or financings will result from this process.

Based on the uncertainties described above, the Company believes its business plan does not alleviate the existence of substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

## NOTE 2. CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK AND MAJOR CUSTOMERS

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of accounts receivable. Sales to domestic customers are typically made on credit and the Company generally does not require collateral while sales to international customers require payment before shipment or backing by an irrevocable letter or credit. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition and maintains an allowance for estimated losses. Accounts are written off when deemed uncollectible  and accounts receivable  are  presented  net  of  an  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts.  The  allowance  for  doubtful  accounts  totaled  $152,736  as  of December 31, 2022 and $113,234 as of December 31, 2021.

The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in accounts that at times may be in excess of the federally insured limit of $250,000 per bank. The Company minimizes this risk by placing its cash deposits with major financial institutions. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the uninsured balance amounted to $2,495,189 and $29,836,142, respectively. The Company uses primarily a network of unaffiliated distributors for international sales and an employee-based direct sales force for domestic sales. No international distributor individually exceeded 10% of total revenues. No one individual customer receivable balance exceeded 10% of total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022.

The Company's video solutions segment purchases finished circuit boards and other proprietary component parts from suppliers located in the United States and on a limited basis from Asia. Although the Company obtains certain of these components from single source suppliers, it generally owns all tooling and management has located alternative suppliers to reduce the risk in most cases to supplier problems that could result in significant production delays. The Company has not historically experienced significant supply disruptions from any of its principal vendors and does not anticipate future supply disruptions. The Company acquires most of its components on a purchase order basis and does not have long-term contracts with its suppliers.

## NOTE 3. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE - ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS

The allowance for doubtful accounts receivable was comprised of the following for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Beginning balance  $  113,234  $  123,224  Provision for bad debts  126,018  7,154  Charge-offs to allowance, net of recoveries  (86,516)  (17,144)  Ending balance  $  152,736  $  113,234   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 4. OTHER RECEIVABLES

Other receivables were the following at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021:

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Notes receivable  $  1,598,340  $  470,000  Lease receivable  2,339,799  1,376,518  Other  138,383  175,295  Total other assets  $  4,076,522  $  2,021,813   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes receivable increased by over $1.1 million at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to a note receivable issued by the Company during 2022. The Company entered into a promissory note, through its entertainment segment, as part of a co-marketing agreement, with a principal amount of $3,000,000. Principal payment, since its inception, on this promissory note totaled $1,401,660 as of December 31, 2022, resulting in a remaining balance of $1,598,340 maturing December 31, 2023. Lease receivable increased by nearly $1.0 million primarily due to increased sales under the Company's subscription model during 2022. The Company determines if an allowance for doubtful accounts by regularly evaluating notes receivable and individual customer lease receivables, by considering a customer's financial condition, credit history, and current economic conditions. No allowance was deemed necessary for the year ended December 31, 2022. Other receivables relate to a related party receivable further described in Note 19.

## NOTE 5. INVENTORIES

Inventories consisted of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Raw material and component parts- video solutions segment  $  4,509,165  $  3,062,046  Work-in-process- video solutions segment  3,164  -  Finished goods - video solutions segment  6,846,091  8,410,307  Finished goods - entertainment segment  970,527  2,102,272  Subtotal  12,328,947  13,574,625  Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory- video solutions segment  (5,230,261)  (3,353,458)  Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory - entertainment segment  (259,280)  (561,631)  Total inventories  $  6,839,406  $  9,659,536   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Finished goods inventory includes units held by potential customers and sales agents for test and evaluation purposes. The cost of such units totaled $171,071 and $153,976 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## NOTE 6. PREPAID EXPENSES

Prepaid expenses were the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Prepaid inventory  $  6,110,321  $  6,546,100  Prepaid advertising  1,931,628  2,455,527  Other  424,464  727,155  Total prepaid expenses  $  8,466,413  $  9,728,782   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Prepaid expenses decreased by nearly $1.3 million primarily due to a decline in prepaid inventory purchases and advertising expenses in 2022.

## NOTE 7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Estimated  Useful Life  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Building  25 years  $  4,537,037  $  4,909,478  Land  Infinite  739,734  789,734  Office furniture, fixtures, equipment, and aircraft  3-20 years  2,048,169  493,652  Warehouse and production equipment  3-7 years  51,302  65,948  Demonstration and tradeshow equipment  3-7 years  72,341  82,337  Building improvements  5-7 years  1,334,374  911,940  Rental equipment  1-3 years  -  8,584  Total cost  8,782,957  7,261,673  Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization  (884,271)  (420,647)  Net property, plant and equipment  $  7,898,686  $  6,841,026   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment aggregated $614,121 and $258,999 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cost and accumulated depreciation related to assets sold or retired are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is credited or charged to income. The Company retired fixed assets during 2022 totaling $549,104 resulting in a gain on sale of assets of $212,831 for the year ended December 31, 2022 on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company retired fixed assets during 2021 totaling $391,535 all of which were fully depreciated resulting in no gain or loss for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## NOTE 8. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Intangible assets consisted of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Gross  value  Accumulated  amortization  Net  carrying  value  Gross  value  Accumulated  amortization  Net  carrying  value  Amortized intangible assets:  Licenses (video solutions segment)  $  211,183  $  80,378  $  130,805  $  194,286  $  65,578  $  128,708  Patents and trademarks (video solutions segment)  472,077  305,021  167,056  493,945  233,471  260,474  Sponsorship agreement network (entertainment segment)  5,600,000  1,493,333  4,106,667  5,600,000  373,333  5,226,667  SEO content (entertainment segment)  600,000  200,000  400,000  600,000  50,000  550,000  Personal seat licenses (entertainment  segment)  180,081  8,001  172,080  201,931  2,244  199,687  Client agreements (revenue cycle management segments)  999,034  126,864  872,170  -  -  -  8,062,375  2,213,597  5,848,778  7,090,162  724,626  6,365,536  Indefinite life intangible assets:  Goodwill (entertainment and revenue cycle management segments)  11,367,514  -  11,367,514  9,931,547  -  9,931,547  Trade name (entertainment segment)  600,000  -  600,000  600,000  -  600,000  Patents and trademarks pending  (video solutions segment)  56,678  -  56,678  5,430  -  5,430  Total  $20,086,567  $  2,213,597  $17,872,970  $17,627,139  $  724,626  $16,902,513   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Patents and trademarks pending will be amortized beginning at the time they are issued by the appropriate authorities. If issuance of the final patent or trademark is denied, then the amount deferred will be immediately charged to expense.

Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was $1,562,558 and $563,490, respectively. Estimated amortization for intangible assets with definite lives for the next five years ending December 31, 2022, and thereafter is as follows:

| Year ending December 31:  2023  $  1,486,473  2024  1,435,915  2025  1,343,420  2026  859,438  2027 and thereafter  723,532  $  5,848,778   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 9. OTHER ASSETS

Other assets were the following at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021:

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Lease receivable  $  4,700,923  $  1,921,021  Sponsorship network  116,828  30,752  Other  337,930  155,526  Total other assets  $  5,155,681  $  2,107,299   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 10. DEBT OBLIGATIONS

Debt obligations is comprised of the following:

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Economic injury disaster loan (EIDL)  $  150,000  $  150,000  Contingent consideration promissory note - Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition  388,955  317,212  Contingent consideration promissory note - Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition  176,456  650,000  Contingent consideration promissory note - Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition  208,083  -  Contingent consideration promissory note - Nobility Healthcare Division Acquisition  4,346  -  Debt obligations  927,840  1,117,212  Less: current maturities of debt obligations  485,373  389,934  Debt obligations, long-term  $  442,467  $  727,278   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Debt obligations mature as follows as of December 31, 2022:

| December 31,  2022  2023  $  485,374  2024  297,971  2025  3,412  2026  3,542  2027 and thereafter  137,541  Total  $  927,840   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2020 Small Business Administration Notes .

On May 12, 2020, the Company received $150,000 in loan funding from the SBA under the EIDL program administered by the SBA, which program was expanded pursuant to the recently enacted CARES Act. The EIDL is evidenced by an unsecured promissory note, dated May 8, 2020, in the original principal amount of $150,000 with the SBA, the lender.

Under the terms of the note issued under the EIDL program, interest accrues on the outstanding principal at the rate of 3.75% per annum. The term of such note is thirty years, though it may be payable sooner upon an event of default under such note. Monthly principal and interest payments began in November 2022, after being deferred for thirty months after the date of disbursement and total $731.00 per month thereafter. Such note may be prepaid in part or in full, at any time, without penalty. The Company granted the secured party a continuing interest in and to any and all collateral, including but not limited to tangible and intangible personal property.

## Contingent Consideration Promissory Notes

On June 30, 2021, Nobility Healthcare, a subsidiary of the Company, issued a contingent consideration promissory note (the 'June Contingent Note') in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the 'June Seller') of $350,000. The Contingent Note has a three-year term and bears interest at a rate of 3.00% per annum. Quarterly principal and interest payments are deferred for six months and is due in equal quarterly installments on the seventh business day of each quarter. The principal amount of the June Contingent Note is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between the $975,000 (the 'June Projected Revenue') and the cash basis revenue (the 'June Measurement Period Revenue') collected by the June Seller in its normal course of business from the clients existing on June 30, 2021, during the period from October 1, 2021 through September 30, 2022 (the 'June Measurement Period') measured on a quarterly basis and annualized as of the relevant period. If the June Measurement Period Revenue is less than the June Projected Revenue, such amount will be subtracted from the principal balance of this June Contingent Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. If the June Measurement Period Revenue is more than the June Projected Revenue, such amount will be added to the principal balance of this June Contingent Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. In no event will the principal balance of this June Contingent Note become a negative number. The maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the principal balance will be to zero. There are no limits to the increases to the principal balance of the June Contingent Note as a result of the earn-out adjustments.

The June Contingent Payment Note is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore the estimated fair value of the contingent liability is recorded as a liability at the acquisition date and the fair value is considered part of the consideration paid for the acquisition. Management has recorded the contingent consideration promissory note at its  estimated fair value of $350,000 at the acquisition date. Principal payments, since its inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totaled $113,617. The estimated fair value of the June Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is $176,456, representing a decrease in its estimated fair value of $27,139 as compared to its estimated fair  value  as  of  December  31,  2021.  Therefore,  the  Company  recorded  a  gain  of  $27,139  and  $32,789  in  the  Consolidated  Statements  of  Operations  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

On August 31, 2021, Nobility Healthcare, issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the 'August Contingent Payment Note') in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the 'August Sellers') of $650,000. The August Contingent Payment Note has a three-year term and bears interest at a rate of 3.00% per annum. Quarterly principal and interest payments are deferred for six months and is due in equal quarterly installments on the seventh business day of each quarter. The principal amount of the August Contingent Payment Note is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between the $3,000,000 (the 'August Projected Revenue') and the cash basis revenue (the 'August Measurement Period Revenue') collected by the August Sellers in its normal course of business from the clients existing on September 1, 2021, during the period from December 1, 2021 through November 30, 2022 (the 'August Measurement Period') measured on a quarterly basis and annualized as of the relevant period. If the August Measurement Period Revenue is less than the August Projected Revenue, such amount will be subtracted from the principal balance of this August Contingent Payment Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. If the August Measurement Period Revenue is more than the August Projected Revenue, such amount will be added to the principal balance of this August Contingent Payment Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. In no event will the principal balance of this August Contingent Payment Note become a negative number. The maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the principal balance will be to zero. There are no limits to the increases to the principal balance of the August Contingent Payment Note as a result of the earn-out adjustments.

The August Contingent Payment Note is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  contingent  liability  is  recorded  as  a liability  at  the  acquisition  date  and  the  fair  value  is  considered  part  of  the  consideration  paid  for  the  acquisition.  Management  has  recorded  the  contingent  consideration promissory note at its estimated fair value of $650,000 at the acquisition date. Principal payments, since its inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totaled $292,953.  The  estimated  fair  value  of  the  August  Contingent  Note  at  December  31,  2022  is  $388,954,  representing  an  increase  in  its  estimated  fair  value  of  $31,907  as compared to is estimated fair value as of December 31, 2021. Therefore, the Company recorded a loss of $31,907 and $-0- in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

On January 1, 2022, Nobility Healthcare issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the 'January Contingent Payment Note') in connection with a stock purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the 'January Sellers') of $750,000. The January Contingent Payment Note has a two-and-a-half-year term and bears interest at a rate of 3.00% per annum. Quarterly principal and interest payments are deferred for seven months and is due in equal quarterly installments on the tenth business day of each quarter. The principal amount of the January Contingent Payment Note is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between $3,500,000 (the 'January Projected Revenue') and the cash basis revenue (the 'January Measurement Period Revenue') collected by the January Sellers in its normal course of business from the clients existing on January 1, 2022, during the period from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023 (the 'January Measurement Period') measured on a quarterly basis and annualized as of the relevant period. If the January Measurement Period Revenue is less than the January Projected Revenue, such amount will be subtracted from the principal  balance  of  this  January  Contingent  Payment  Note  on  a  dollar-for-dollar  basis.  If  the  January  Measurement  Period  Revenue  is  more  than  the  January  Projected Revenue, such amount will be added to the principal balance of this January Contingent Payment Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. In no event will the principal balance of this January Contingent Payment Note become a negative number. The maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the principal balance will be a reduction to zero. There are no limits to the increases to the principal balance of the January Contingent Payment Note as a result of the earn-out adjustments.

The January Contingent Payment Note is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore the estimated fair value of the contingent liability is recorded as a liability  at  the  acquisition  date  and  the  fair  value  is  considered  part  of  the  consideration  paid  for  the  acquisition.  Management  has  recorded  the  contingent  consideration promissory note at its estimated fair value of $750,000 at the acquisition date. Principal payments, since its inception, on this contingent consideration promissory note totaled $120,833.  The  estimated  fair  value  of  the  January  Contingent  Note  at  December  31,  2022  is  $208,083,  representing  a  decrease  in  its  estimated  fair  value  of  $421,085  as compared to its estimated fair value as of the inception date. Therefore, the Company recorded a gain of $421,085 and $-0- in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

On February 1, 2022, Nobility Healthcare issued another contingent consideration promissory note (the 'February Contingent Payment Note') in connection with an asset purchase agreement between Nobility Healthcare and a private company (the 'February Sellers') of $105,000. The February Contingent Payment Note has a three-year term and bears interest at a rate of 3.00% per annum. Quarterly principal and interest payments are deferred for seven months and are due in equal quarterly installments on the tenth business day of each quarter. The principal amount of the February Contingent Payment Note is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between $440,000 (the 'February Projected Revenue') and the cash basis revenue (the 'February Measurement Period Revenue') collected by the February Sellers in its normal course of business from the clients existing on February 1, 2022, during the period from May 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023 (the 'February Measurement Period') measured on a quarterly basis and annualized as of the relevant period. If the February Measurement Period Revenue is less than the February Projected Revenue, such amount will be subtracted from the principal balance of this February Contingent Payment Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. If the February Measurement Period Revenue is more than the February Projected Revenue, such amount will be added to the principal balance of this February Contingent Payment Note on a dollar-for-dollar basis. In no event will the principal balance of this February Contingent Payment Note become a negative number. The maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the principal balance will be a reduction to zero. There are no limits to the increases to the principal balance of the February Contingent Payment Note as a result of the earn-out adjustments.

The February Contingent Payment Note is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore the estimated fair value of the contingent liability is recorded as a liability  at  the  acquisition  date  and  the  fair  value  is  considered  part  of  the  consideration  paid  for  the  acquisition.  Management  has  recorded  the  contingent  consideration promissory note at its estimated fair value of $105,000 at the acquisition date. The estimated fair value of the February Contingent Note at December 31, 2022 is $4,346, representing a decrease in its estimated fair value of $100,654 as compared to its estimated fair value as of the inception date. Therefore, the Company recorded a gain of $100,654 and $-0- in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

## Contingent consideration earn-out Agreement - TicketSmarter Acquisition

On September 1, 2021, TicketSmarter, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, issued a contingent consideration earn-out agreement (the 'TicketSmarter Earn-Out') in connection with the Stock Purchase Agreement between TicketSmarter, Inc., Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC ('TicketSmarter') of up to $4,244,400 with a fair value at acquisition of $3,700,000. The TicketSmarter Earn-Out shall be payable with ninety percent (90%) readily available funds and ten percent (10%) in stock consideration. The principal amount of the TicketSmarter Earn-Out is subject to an earn-out adjustment, being the difference between the $2,896,829 (the 'Projected EBITDA') and the actual EBITDA (the 'Measurement Period EBITDA') generated by TicketSmarter in its normal course of business, during the period from September 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 (the 'Measurement Period'). If the Measurement Period EBITDA is less than seventy percent (70%) of the Projected EBITDA, there will be zero contingent payment. If the Measurement Period EBITDA is between seventy percent (70%) and one hundred percent (100%) of the Projected EBITDA, then a fractional amount of the contingent payment will be paid out. If the Measurement Period EBITDA is more than the Projected EBITDA, the full principal balance of this TicketSmarter Earn-Out will be paid out. In no event will the principal balance of this TicketSmarter Earn-Out become a negative number. The maximum downward earn-out adjustment to the earn-out balance will be to reduce the balance to zero.

The contingent consideration earn-out is considered to be additional purchase price, therefore the estimated fair value of the contingent liability is recorded as a liability at the acquisition date and the fair value is considered part of the consideration paid for the acquisition. Management has recorded the contingent consideration earn-out at its estimated fair value of $3,700,000 at the acquisition date. Management determined that the actual Measurement Period EBITDA generated by TicketSmarter was less than 70% of  the  Projected  EBITDA  threshold.  Therefore,  no  TicketSmarter  Earn-Out  payments  amounts  were  due  under  the  agreement.  Therefore,  the  fair  value  of  the  contingent consideration earn-out agreement was reduced to zero, and the resulting gain of $-0- and $3,700,000 was reported in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

## NOTE 11. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

In accordance with ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ('ASC 820'), the Company utilizes the market approach to measure fair value for its financial  assets  and  liabilities.  The  market  approach  uses  prices  and  other  relevant  information  generated  by  market  transactions  involving  identical  or  comparable  assets, liabilities or a group of assets or liabilities, such as a business.

ASC 820 utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels:

- Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
- Level 2 - Other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities)
- Level 3 - Significant unobservable inputs (including the Company's own assumptions in determining the fair value)

The following table represents the Company's hierarchy for its financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| December 31, 2022  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Liabilities:  Warrant derivative liabilities  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  -  Contingent consideration promissory notes and contingent  consideration earn-out agreement  -  -  777,840  777,840  $  -  $  -  $  777,840  $  777,840  December 31, 2021  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Liabilities:  Warrant derivative liabilities  $  -  $  -  $  14,846,932  $  14,846,932  Contingent consideration promissory notes and contingent  consideration earn-out agreement  -  -  967,212  967,212  $  -  $  -  $  15,814,144  $  15,814,144   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table represents the change in Level 3 tier value measurements:

| Contingent  Consideration  Promissory Notes and Earn-  Out Agreement  Warrant Derivative  Liabilities  Balance, December 31, 2021  $  967,212  $  14,846,932  Issuance of contingent consideration promissory note - Revenue Cycle Management Segment Business  Acquisition  750,000  -  Issuance of contingent consideration promissory note - Revenue Cycle Management Segment Asset  Acquisition  105,000  -  Change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities  -  (6,726,638)  Gain on extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities  -  (3,624,794)  Issuance of common stock through warrant exchange agreement  -  (4,495,500)  Principal payments on contingent consideration promissory notes - Revenue Cycle Management  Acquisitions  (527,402)  -  Change in fair value of contingent consideration promissory notes - Revenue Cycle Management  Acquisitions  (516,970)  -  Balance, December 31, 2022  $  777,840  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 12. ACCRUED EXPENSES

Accrued expenses consisted of the following at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Accrued warranty expense  $  15,694  $  13,742  Accrued litigation costs  247,984  250,000  Accrued sales commissions  55,000  30,213  Accrued payroll and related fringes  504,020  453,858  Accrued sales returns and allowances  118,026  45,298  Accrued taxes  46,408  180,486  Other  103,835  202,401  $  1,090,967  $  1,175,998   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Accrued warranty expense was comprised of the following for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| 2022  2021  Beginning balance  $  13,742  $  31,845  Provision for warranty expense  71,734  92,202  Charges applied to warranty reserve  (69,782)  (110,305)  Ending balance  $  15,694  $  13,742   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 13. INCOME TAXES

The components of income tax provision (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Current taxes:  Federal  $  -  $  -  State  -  -  Total current taxes  -  -  Deferred tax provision (benefit)  -  -  Income tax provision (benefit)  $  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reconciliation of the income tax (provision) benefit at the statutory rate of 21% for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 to the Company's effective tax rate is as follows:

| 2022  2021  U.S. Statutory tax rate  21.0%  21.0%  State taxes, net of Federal benefit  6.0%  5.1%  Stock based compensation  (1.5)%  (0.9)%  Change in valuation reserve on deferred tax assets  (91.2)%  (26.7)%  Termination of warrant derivative liabilities  57.0%  -%  Contingent consideration for acquisition  4.1%  -%  Other, net  4.6%  (0.3)%  Income tax (provision) benefit  -%  -%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 varied from the expected statutory rate due to the Company continuing to provide a 100% valuation  allowance  on  net  deferred  tax  assets.  The  Company  determined  that  it  was  appropriate  to  continue  the  full  valuation  allowance  on  net  deferred  tax  assets  as  of December 31, 2022, primarily because of the current year operating losses.

Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets (liabilities) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Deferred tax assets:  Stock-based compensation  $  510,000  $  705,000  Start-up costs  110,000  115,000  Inventory reserves  1,355,000  875,000  Uniform capitalization of inventory costs  70,000  85,000  Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable  40,000  30,000  Property, plant and equipment depreciation  290,000  285,000  Deferred revenue  1,965,000  1,135,000  Accrued litigation reserve  60,000  65,000  Accrued expenses  50,000  35,000  Net operating loss carryforward  27,940,000  21,240,000  Research and development tax credit carryforward  1,795,000  1,795,000  State jobs credit carryforward  230,000  230,000  Charitable contributions carryforward  95,000  100,000  Total deferred tax assets  34,510,000  26,695,000  Valuation reserve  (34,200,000)  (16,980,000)  Total deferred tax assets  310,000  9,715,000  Deferred tax liabilities:  Warrant derivative liabilities  -  (9,495,000  Intangible assets  (165,000)  (75,000  Domestic international sales company  (145,000)  (145,000)  Total deferred tax liabilities  (310,000)  (9,715,000)  Net deferred tax assets (liability)  $  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The valuation allowance on deferred tax assets totaled $34,200,000 and $16,980,000 as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company records the benefit  it  will  derive  in  future  accounting  periods  from  tax  losses  and  credits  and  deductible  temporary  differences  as  'deferred  tax  assets.'  In  accordance  with  ASC  740, 'Income Taxes,' the Company records a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying value of our deferred tax assets if, based on all available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

The Company incurred operating losses in 2022 but generated income 2021 and it continues to be in a three-year cumulative loss position at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accordingly, the Company determined there was not sufficient positive evidence regarding its potential for future profits to outweigh the negative evidence of our threeyear cumulative loss position under the guidance provided in ASC 740. Therefore, it determined to increase our valuation allowance by $17,220,000 but continue to fully reserve its deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022. The Company expects to continue to maintain a full valuation allowance until it determines that it can sustain a level of profitability that demonstrates its ability to realize these assets. To the extent the Company determines that the realization of some or all of these benefits is more likely than not based upon expected future taxable income, a portion or all of the valuation allowance will be reversed. Such a reversal would be recorded as an income tax benefit and, for some portion related to deductions for stock option exercises, an increase in shareholders' equity.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available approximately $113,315,000 of Federal net operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income generated. Such tax net operating loss carry-forwards expire between 2024 and 2042, with $63,726,000 of the tax net operating loss carry-forwards have an indefinite life since the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. In addition, the Company had research and development tax credit carry-forwards totaling $1,795,000 available as of December 31, 2022, which expire between 2023 and 2039.

The Internal Revenue Code contains provisions under Section 382 which limit a company's ability to utilize net operating loss carry-forwards in the event that it has experienced a more than 50% change in ownership over a three-year period. Current estimates prepared by the Company indicate that due to ownership changes which have occurred, approximately $765,000 of its net operating loss and $175,000 of its research and development tax credit carry-forwards are currently subject to an annual limitation of approximately $1,151,000 and may be further limited by additional ownership changes which may occur in the future. As stated above, the net operating loss and research and development credit carry-forwards expire between 2023 and 2039, allowing the Company to potentially utilize all of the limited net operating loss carry-forwards during the carry-forward period.

As discussed in Note 1, 'Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,' tax positions are evaluated in a two-step process. The Company first determines whether it is more likely  than  not  that  a  tax  position  will  be  sustained  upon  examination.  If  a  tax  position  meets  the  more-likely-than-not  recognition  threshold,  it  is  then  measured  to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized  upon  ultimate  settlement.  Management  has  identified  no  tax  positions  taken  that  would  meet  or  exceed  these  thresholds  and  therefore  there  are  no  gross  interest, penalties and unrecognized tax expense/benefits that are not expected to ultimately result in payment or receipt of cash in the consolidated financial statements.

The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 varied from the expected statutory rate due to the Company continuing to provide a 100% valuation  allowance  on  net  deferred  tax  assets.  The  Company  determined  that  it  was  appropriate  to  continue  the  full  valuation  allowance  on  net  deferred  tax  assets  as  of December 31, 2022, primarily because of the current year operating losses.

The Company's federal and state income tax returns are closed for examination purposes by relevant statute and by examination for 2018 and all prior tax years.

## NOTE 14. OPERATING LEASE

On May 13, 2020, the Company entered into an operating lease for new warehouse and office space, which served as its new principal executive office and primary business location prior to the April 30 purchase and sale agreement. The original lease agreement was amended on August 28, 2020 to correct the footage under lease and monthly payment amounts resulting from such correction. The lease terms, as amended include no base rent for the first nine months and monthly payments ranging from $12,398 to $14,741 thereafter, with a termination date of December 2026. The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to its new location. The Company took possession of the leased facilities on June 15, 2020. The remaining lease term for the Company's office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was forty-eight months.

The Company entered into an operating lease with a third party in October 2019 for copiers used for office and warehouse purposes. The terms of the lease include 48 monthly payments of $1,598 with a maturity date of October 2023. The Company has the option to purchase such equipment at maturity for its estimated fair market value at that point in time. The remaining lease term for the Company's copier operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was ten months.

On June 30, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of its first medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare. Upon completion of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller's office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from $2,648 to $2,774 thereafter, with  a  termination  date  in  July  2024.  The  Company  is  responsible  for  property  taxes,  utilities,  insurance  and  its  proportionate  share  of  common  area  costs  related  to  this location. The remaining lease term for the Company's office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was nineteen months.

On August 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of its second acquired medical billing company, through Nobility Healthcare. Upon completion of this acquisition, Nobility Healthcare became responsible for the operating lease for the seller's office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from $11,579 to $11,811 thereafter, with a termination date in March 2023. The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related  to  this  location.  The  Company  took  possession  of  the  leased  facilities  on  September  1,  2021.  The  remaining  lease  term  for  the  Company's  office  and  warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was three months. The Company plans to relocate the revenue cycle management operating segment acquired operations to existing owned or leased facilities upon termination of this operating lease.

On September 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Goody Tickets, LLC and TicketSmarter, LLC through TicketSmarter. Upon completion of this acquisition,  the  Company  became responsible for the operating lease for TicketSmarter's office space. The  lease terms include monthly  payments ranging  from $7,211  to $7,364 thereafter, with a termination date of December 2022. The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to this location. The Company took possession of the leased facilities on September 1, 2021. The Company signed a six-month extension for the lease, extending the remaining lease term for the Company's office and the remaining lease term for the Company's warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022 was six months.

On January 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of a private medical billing company, through its revenue cycle management segment. Upon completion of this acquisition, the Company became responsible for the operating lease for the seller's office space. The lease terms include monthly payments ranging from $4,233 to $4,626, with a termination date of June 2025. The Company is responsible for property taxes, utilities, insurance and its proportionate share of common area costs related to this location. The Company took possession of the leased facilities on January 1, 2022. The remaining lease term for the Company's office and warehouse operating lease as of December 31, 2022, was thirty months.

Lease expense related to the office spaces and copier operating leases was recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Total lease expense under the five operating leases was approximately $547,609 for the year ended December 31, 2022.

The weighted-average remaining lease term related to the Company's lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 3.3 years and 3.8 years, respectively.

The discount rate implicit within the Company's operating leases was not generally determinable, and therefore, the Company determined the discount rate based on its incremental borrowing rate on the information available at commencement date. As of commencement date, the operating lease liabilities reflect a weighted average discount rate of 8%.

The following sets forth the operating lease right of use assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022:

| Assets:  Operating lease right of use assets  $  782,129  Liabilities:  Operating lease obligations-current portion  $  294,617  Operating lease obligations-less current portion  $  555,707  Total operating lease obligations  $  850,324   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Following are the minimum lease payments for each year and in total.

| Year ending December 31:  2023  $  349,811  2024  245,761  2025  196,462  2026  175,113  Total undiscounted minimum future lease payments  967,147  Imputed interest  (116,823)  Total operating lease liability  $  850,324   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

## Litigation.

From time to time, we are notified that we may be a party to a lawsuit or that a claim is being made against us. It is our policy to not disclose the specifics of any claim or threatened lawsuit until the summons and complaint are actually served on us. After carefully assessing the claim, and assuming we determine that we are not at fault or we disagree  with  the  damages  or  relief  demanded,  we  vigorously  defend  any  lawsuit  filed  against  us.  We  record  a  liability  when  losses  are  deemed  probable  and  reasonably estimable. When losses are deemed reasonably possible but not probable, we determine whether it is possible to provide an estimate of the amount of the loss or range of possible  losses  for  the  claim,  if  material  for  disclosure.  In  evaluating  matters  for  accrual  and  disclosure  purposes,  we  take  into  consideration  factors  such  as  our  historical experience with matters of a similar nature, the specific facts and circumstances asserted, the likelihood of our prevailing, the availability of insurance, and the severity of any potential loss. We reevaluate and update accruals as matters progress over time.

On May 31, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit against Culp McAuley, Inc. ('defendant') in the United States District Court for the District of Kansas. The lawsuit arises from the defendant's multiple breaches of its obligations to the Company. The Company seeks monetary damages and injunctive relief based on certain conduct by the defendant. On July 18, 2022, the defendant filed its Answer to the Company's Verified Complaint and included Counterclaims alleging breach of contract and seeking monetary damages. On August 8, 2022, the Company filed its Reply and Affirmative Defenses to the Counterclaims by, among other things, denying the allegations and any and all liability. We have not concluded that a material loss related to the allegations is probable, nor have we accrued a liability related to these claims. Although we believe a loss could be reasonably possible (as defined in ASC 450), we do not have sufficient information to determine the amount or range of reasonably possible loss with respect to the potential damages given that the dispute is yet to enter the discovery process. We will continue to vigorously pursue these claims, and we continue to believe that we have valid grounds for recovery of the disputed deliverables. However, there can be no assurances as to the outcome of the dispute.

While the ultimate resolution is unknown, based on the information currently available, we do not expect that these lawsuits will individually, or in the aggregate, have a  material adverse effect to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain and there can be no assurance that any expense, liability or damages that may ultimately result from the resolution of these matters will be covered by our insurance or will not be in excess of amounts recognized or provided by insurance coverage and will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition or cash flows.

## Notice of Delisting

On July 7, 2022, the Company, received a written notification (the 'Notice') from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ('Nasdaq') notifying the Company that it was not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the 'Minimum Bid Price Requirement'), because the closing bid price of the Company's common stock was below $1.00 per share for the previous thirty (30) consecutive business days. The Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the Common Stock, which will continue to trade uninterrupted on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker 'DGLY.'

Pursuant  to  Nasdaq  Listing  Rule  5810(c)(3)(A),  the  Company  has  been  granted  180  calendar  days  from  the  date  of  the  Notice,  or  until  January  3,  2023  (the 'Compliance Period'), to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If at any time during the Compliance Period, the bid price of the Common Stock closes at or above $1.00 per share for a minimum of ten (10) consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide the Company with written confirmation of compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement and the matter will be closed.

On February 23, 2023, the Company received notice from Nasdaq confirming that the Company has cured its bid price deficiency and has fully regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement.

## General

401 (k) Plan. The Company sponsors a 401(k) retirement savings plan for the benefit of its employees. The plan, as amended, requires it to provide 100% matching contributions for employees, who elect to contribute up to 3% of their compensation to the plan and 50% matching contributions for employee's elective deferrals on the next 2% of their contributions. The Company made matching contributions totaling $223,084 and $127,293 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Each participant is 100% vested at all times in employee and employer matching contributions.

## NOTE 16. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

The Company recorded pre-tax compensation expense related to the grant of stock options and restricted stock issued of $1,282,757 and $1,605,949 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had adopted ten separate stock option and restricted stock plans: (i) the 2005 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2005 Plan'), (ii) the 2006 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2006 Plan'), (iii) the 2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2007 Plan'), (iv) the 2008 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2008 Plan'), (v) the 2011 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2011 Plan'), (vi) the 2013 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2013 Plan'), (vii) the 2015 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2015 Plan'), (viii) the 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2018 Plan'), (ix) the 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2020 Plan'), and (x) the 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2022 Plan'). The 2005 Plan, 2006 Plan, 2007 Plan, 2008 Plan, 2011 Plan, 2013 Plan, 2015 Plan, 2018 Plan, 2020 Plan and 2022 Plan are referred to as the 'Plans.'

These Plans permit the grant of stock options or restricted stock to its employees, non-employee directors and others for up to a total of 333,750 shares of common stock. The 2005 Plan terminated during 2015 with 1,078 shares not awarded or underlying options, which shares are now unavailable for issuance. Stock options granted under the 2005 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 284. The 2006 Plan terminated during 2016 with 2,739 shares not awarded or underlying options, which shares are now unavailable for issuance. Stock options granted under the 2006 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 total 531. The 2007 Plan terminated during 2017 with 4,733 shares not awarded or underlying options, which shares are now unavailable for issuance. There are no stock options granted under the 2007 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The 2008 Plan terminated during 2018 with 2,025 shares not awarded or underlying options, which shares are now unavailable for issuance. There are no stock options granted under the 2008 Plan that remain unexercised and outstanding as of December 31, 2022.

Our Board of Directors adopted the 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2020 Plan') on June 30, 2020 and the Company's stockholders approved the 2020 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on September 9, 2020. The Company's stockholders approved an amendment to the 2020 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on June 22, 2021 which increased the number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan to a total of 125,000. A total of 112,958 options and restricted stock have been granted under the 2020 Plan to date. The 2020 Plan also authorizes us to grant (i) to the key employees' incentive stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock and restricted stock awards and (ii) to non-employee directors and consultants nonqualified stock options and restricted stock.

Our Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the '2022 Plan') on October 28, 2022 and the Company's stockholders approved the 2022 Plan at the Annual Meeting held on December 7, 2022. The number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2022 Plan totals 125,000. The 2022 Plan also authorizes us to grant (i) to the key employees' incentive stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of Common Stock and restricted stock awards and (ii) to non-employee directors and consultants non-qualified stock options and restricted stock.

The Company believes that such awards better align the interests of our employees with those of its stockholders. Option awards have been granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of its stock at the date of grant with such option awards generally vesting based on the completion of continuous service and having ten-year contractual terms. These option awards typically provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the Plans). The Company has registered all shares of common stock that are issuable under its Plans with the SEC. A total of 137,042 shares remained available for awards under the various Plans as of December 31, 2022.

The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model.

Activity in the various Plans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is reflected in the following table:

| Options  Number of  Shares  Weighted  Average  Exercise Price  Outstanding at January 1, 2021  41,916  $  64.00  Granted  15,000  33.40  Exercised  -  -  Forfeited  (2,613)  (232.20)  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  54,303  $  47.40  Exercisable at December 31, 2021  46,803  $  49.60   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Options  Number of  Shares  Weighted  Average  Exercise Price  Outstanding at January 1, 2022  54,303  $  47.40  Granted  1,250  19.60  Exercised  -  -  Forfeited  (1,603)  (80.80)  Outstanding at December 31, 2022  53,950  $  45.80  Exercisable at December 31, 2022  53,950  $  45.80   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. The total estimated grant date fair value stock options issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was $22,768 and $466,831, respectively.

The Company has utilized the following assumptions in its Black-Scholes option valuation model to calculate the estimated grant date fair value of the options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| 2022  2021  Assumptions  Assumptions  Volatility - range  111.67%  113%  Risk-free rate  1.81%  1.30%  Expected term  10.0 years  10.0 years  Exercise price  $  19.60  $  33.40   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Plans allow for the cashless exercise of stock options. This provision allows the option holder to surrender/cancel options with an intrinsic value equivalent to the purchase/exercise price of other options exercised. There were no shares surrendered pursuant to cashless exercises during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding was approximately $-0- and $-0-, respectively, and the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable was approximately $-0- and $-0-, respectively.

The  following  table  summarizes  the  range  of  exercise  prices  and  weighted  average  remaining  contractual  life  for  outstanding  and  exercisable  options  under  the Company's option plans as of December 31, 2022:

| Outstanding options  Exercisable options  Exercise price  range  Number of  options  Weighted  average  remaining  contractual life  Number of  options  Weighted average  remaining  contractual life  $  0.01 to $49.99  37,000  7.6 years  37,000  7.6 years  $  50.00 to $69.99  15,100  5.5 years  15,100  5.5 years  $  70.00 to $89.99  1,850  2.8 years  1,850  2.8 years  53,950  6.8 years  53,950  6.8 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Restricted stock grants. The Board of Directors has granted restricted stock awards under the Plans. Restricted stock awards are valued on the date of grant and have no purchase price for the recipient. Restricted stock awards typically vest over one to four years corresponding to anniversaries of the grant date. Under the Plans, unvested shares of restricted stock awards may be forfeited upon the termination of service to or employment with the Company, depending upon the circumstances of termination. Except for restrictions placed on the transferability of restricted stock, holders of unvested restricted stock have full stockholder's rights, including voting rights and the right to receive cash dividends.

A summary of all restricted stock activity under the equity compensation plans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows:

| Number of  Restricted  shares  Weighted  average  grant date  fair value  Nonvested balance, January 1, 2021  36,006  $  33.80  Granted  42,800  41.40  Vested  (25,563)  (38.80)  Forfeited  (375)  (21.60)  Nonvested balance, December 31, 2021  52,869  $  37.40  Number of  Restricted  shares  Weighted  average  grant date  fair value  Nonvested balance, January 1, 2022  52,869  $  37.40  Granted  60,750  14.67  Vested  (31,244)  (34.73)  Forfeited  (3,250)  (21.20)  Nonvested balance, December 31, 2022  79,125  $  21.73   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company estimated the fair market value of these restricted stock grants based on the closing market price on the date of the grant. As of December 31, 2022, there were $500,280 of total unrecognized compensation costs related to all remaining non-vested restricted stock grants, which will be amortized over the next forty-eight months in accordance with their respective vesting scale.

The nonvested balance of restricted stock vests as follows:

| Years ended  Number of  shares  2023  57,250  2024  12,750  2025  4,000  2026  3,625  2027  1,500   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 17. COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANTS

The Company has issued common stock purchase warrants in conjunction with various debt and equity issuances. The warrants are either immediately exercisable, or have a delayed initial exercise date, no more than six months from their respective issue date and allow the holders to purchase up to 67,459 shares of common stock at $52.00 to $67.20 per share as of December 31, 2022. The warrants expire from February 23, 2023 through July 31, 2023 and certain of the outstanding warrants allow for cashless exercise.

On January 14, 2021 and February 1, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 2,127,500 shares of Common Stock. The warrant terms provide for net cash settlement outside the control of the Company under certain circumstances in the event of tender offers. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent changes reported in the consolidated statements of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. Furthermore, the Company re-values the fair value of warrant derivative liability as of the date the warrant is exercised with the resulting warrant derivative liability transitioned to change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities through the consolidated statement of operations.

On  August  19,  2021,  the  Company  entered  into  a  Warrant  Exchange  Agreement  (the  'Exchange  Agreement')  with  the  Investors  cancelling  February  Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 384,077 shares of Common Stock in consideration for its issuance of (i) new warrants (the 'Exchange Warrants') to the Investors exercisable for an aggregate of up to 384,077 shares of Common Stock. The Company also issued warrants (the 'Replacement Original Warrants') replacing the February Warrants for the remaining shares of Common Stock exercisable thereunder, representing an aggregate of 330,923 shares of Common Stock, and extended the expiration date of the February Warrants  to  September  18,  2026.  The  Exchange  Warrants  provide  for  an  initial  exercise  price  of  $65.00  per  share,  subject  to  customary  adjustments  thereunder,  and  are immediately exercisable upon issuance for cash and on a cashless basis. On the date of the exchange, the Company calculated the fair value, using the Black-Scholes method, of the  cancelled  February  Warrants  and  the  newly  issued  Exchange  Warrants,  the  difference  in  fair  value  measurement  of  the  respective  warrants  was  attributed  to  warrant modification expense in the consolidated statement of operations.

On the date of the exchange, the February Warrants and Exchange Warrants were valued at $11,818,644 and $12,114,424 using the original and modified expiry date of the warrants, respectively, using the Black-Scholes method. The difference of $295,780 was accordingly recorded as a warrant modification expense in the consolidated statement of operations.

| Original terms at August  19, 2021  Modified terms at August  19, 2021  Volatility - range  109.3%  104.7%  Risk-free rate  0.78%  0.78%  Dividend  0%  0%  Remaining contractual term  4.5 years  5.1 years  Exercise price  $  65.00  $  65.00  Common stock issuable under the warrants  715,000  715,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On  August  23,  2022,  the  Company  entered  into  Warrant  Exchange  Agreements  (the  'Warrant  Exchange  Agreements')  with  certain  investors  (the  'Investors'), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the Investors an aggregate of 303,750 shares of Common Stock in exchange for the cancellation by the Investors of the January Warrants, the Exchange Warrants and the Replacement Originals Warrants. On the date of the exchange, the Company calculated the fair value of the issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to the Warrant Exchange Agreements, attributing that value to common stock and additional paid in capital. The remaining value of the warrant derivative liability was attributed to an income from change in fair market value of warrant derivative liabilities and gain on extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities in the consolidated statement of operations. On the date of the Warrant Exchange Agreement, using the Black-Scholes method, the fair value of the warrant derivative liability was $8.1 million, compared to $9.3 million at June 30, 2022, resulting in income from change in fair market value of warrant derivative liabilities of $1.2 million during the year ended  December  31,  2022.  Further,  the  value  of  the  issued  shares  of  Common  Stock  was  $4.5  million,  applied  to  additional  paid  in  capital,  resulting  in  a  gain  on  the extinguishment of warrant derivative liabilities of $3.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022.

| Terms at  August 23, 2022  Volatility - range  103.7%  Risk-free rate  3.17 - 3.36%  Dividend  0%  Remaining contractual term  3.4 - 4.1 years  Exercise price  $  65.00  Common stock issuable under the warrants  1,215,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fluctuations in the Company's stock price are a primary driver for the changes in the derivative valuations during each reporting period. As the stock price increases for each of the related derivative instruments, the value to the holder of the instrument generally increases, therefore increasing the liability on the Company's balance sheet. Additionally, stock  price volatility  is  one  of  the  significant  unobservable  inputs  used  in  the  fair  value  measurement  of  each  of  the  Company's  derivative  instruments.  The simulated fair value of these liabilities is sensitive to changes in the Company's expected volatility. Increases in expected volatility would generally result in higher fair value measurement. A 10% change in pricing inputs and changes in volatilities and correlation factors would not result in a material change in our Level 3 fair value.

The following table summarizes information about shares issuable under warrants outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Warrants  Weighted  average  exercise price  Vested Balance, January 1, 2021  169,418  $  124.80  Granted  2,127,500  62.20  Exercised  (912,500)  (58.40)  Cancelled  (83,988)  (188.40)  Vested Balance, December 31, 2021  1,300,430  $  64.80   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Weighted average

exercise price

64.80

-

-

(65.08)

60.26

Vested Balance, January 1, 2022

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited/cancelled

Vested Balance, December 31, 2022

Warrants

1,300,430

-

-

(1,232,971)

67,459

$

$

The total intrinsic value of all outstanding warrants aggregated $-0- as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the weighted average remaining term was 3.9 and 50.7 months as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The following table summarizes the range of exercise prices and weighted average remaining contractual life for outstanding and exercisable warrants to purchase shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022:

| Outstanding and exercisable warrants  Exercise  price  Number of  warrants  Weighted average  remaining  contractual life  $  52.00  23,286  0.6 years  $  60.00  15,840  0.3 years  $  67.20  28,333  0.2 years  67,459  0.3 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 18 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

## Registered Direct Offerings

On January 14, 2021, the Company consummated a registered direct offering (the 'Offering') of (i) 140,000 shares of common stock ('Shares'), (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 360,000 shares of Common Stock (the 'Pre-Funded Warrants'), issuable to investors whose purchase of shares of Common Stock would otherwise result in such investor, together with its affiliates and certain related parties, beneficially owning more than 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99%) of the Company's outstanding  Common  Stock  immediately  following  the  consummation  of  the  Registered  Offering  ('Pre-Funded  Warrants');  and  (iii)  common  stock  purchase  warrants ('Warrants') to purchase up to an aggregate of 500,000 shares of Common Stock (the 'Warrant Shares'), which are exercisable for a period of five years after issuance at an initial exercise price $65.00 per share, subject to certain adjustments, as provided in the Warrants. The Offering was conducted pursuant to a placement agency agreement, dated January 12, 2021, between the Company and Kingswood Capital Markets, division of Benchmark Investments, Inc., who acted as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the Offering pursuant to a placement agency agreement. The Shares and accompanying Warrants in the Offering were sold at a combined offering price of $61.90 per Share and accompanying Warrant and the Pre-Funded Warrants and accompanying Warrants in the Offering were sold at a combined offering price of $61.70 per Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying Warrant.

The securities in the Offering were issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the Company's effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333239419). The placement agency agreement contained customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the placement agent. The placement agent received discounts and commissions of six percent (6%) of the gross cash proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the securities sold in the Offering and certain expenses.

The Company received approximately $28,941,000 ($29,013,000 upon full exercise of the prefunded warrants) in net proceeds from the Offering after deducting the discounts, commissions, and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. As of December 31, 2021, all pre-funded warrants have been fully exercised. The Company plans to use the net proceeds from the Offering for working capital, product development, order fulfilment and for general corporate purposes.

The Company received net proceeds from this offering as follows:

| Description  Amount  Net proceeds received:  Proceeds from the sale of 140,000 shares of Common Stock at $61.90 per share  $  8,666,000  Proceeds from the sale of pre-funded warrants to purchase 360,000 shares of Common Stock at $61.70 per share  22,212,000  Less: Placement agent fees and other expenses of the offering  (1,937,000)  Net proceeds of the offering  $  28,941,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In conjunction with this Offering, the Company issued prefunded Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 360,000 shares Common Stock at $61.90 per share ($61.70 prefunded at closing) and Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 500,000 shares of Common Stock at $65.00 per share. The underlying warrant terms provide for net cash settlement outside the control of the Company under certain circumstances in the event of tender offers. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent changes reported in the consolidated statements of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. Accordingly, the Company allocated a portion of the net proceeds of this offering to warrant derivative liabilities based on their estimated fair value as follows (See Notes 11 and 17):

| Description  Amount  Warrant derivative liabilities  $  21,922,158  Pre-funded warrant derivative liabilities  378,615  Total allocation of the net proceeds of the offering to warrant derivative liabilities  $  22,300,773   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Registered Direct Offerings

On February  1,  2021,  the  Company  consummated  an  registered  direct  offering  (the  'Second  Offering')  of  (i)  162,500  shares  of  common  stock  ('February  2021 Shares'), (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 552,500 shares of Common Stock (the 'February 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants'), issuable to investors whose purchase of shares of Common Stock would otherwise result in such investor, together with its affiliates and certain related parties, beneficially owning more than 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99%) of the Company's outstanding Common Stock immediately following the consummation of the Registered Offering; and (iii) common stock purchase warrants ('February 2021 Warrants') to purchase up to an aggregate of 715,000 shares of Common Stock (the 'February 2021 Warrant Shares'), which are exercisable for a period of five years after issuance at an initial exercise price $65.00 per share, subject to certain adjustments, as provided in the February 2021 Warrants. The Second Offering was conducted pursuant to a placement agency agreement, dated January 28, 2021, between the Company and Kingswood Capital Markets, division of Benchmark Investments, Inc.,  who  acted  as  the  exclusive  placement  agent  in  connection  with  the  Second  Offering  pursuant  to  a  placement  agency  agreement.  The  February  2021  Shares  and accompanying February 2021 Warrants in the Second Offering were sold at a combined offering price of $56.00 per February 2021 Share and accompanying February 2021 Warrant and the February 2021 Pre-Funded Warrants and accompanying February 2021 Warrants in the Offering were sold at a combined offering price of $55.80 per February 2021 Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying February 2021 Warrant.

The securities in the Second Offering were issued pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the Company's effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-239419).  The  placement  agency  agreement  contained  customary  representations,  warranties  and  agreements  by  the  Company,  customary  conditions  to  closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the placement agent. The placement agent received discounts and commissions of six percent (6%) of the gross cash proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the securities sold in the Second Offering and certain expenses.

The  Company  received  approximately  $37,447,100  ($37,557,600  upon  full  exercise  of  the  prefunded  warrants)  in  net  proceeds  from  the  Second  Offering  after deducting the discounts, commissions, and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. As of December 31, 2021, all pre-funded warrants have been fully exercised. The Company plans to use the net proceeds from the Second Offering for working capital, product development, order fulfilment and for general corporate purposes.

The Company received net proceeds from this offering as follows:

| Description  Amount  Net proceeds received:  Proceeds from the sale of 162,500 shares of Common Stock at $56.00 per share  $  9,100,000  Proceeds from the sale of pre-funded warrants to purchase 552,500 shares of Common Stock at $55.80 per share  30,829,500  Less: Placement agent fees and other expenses of the offering  (2,482,400)  ## Net proceeds of the offering  $  37,447,100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In conjunction with the Second Offering, the Company issued prefunded Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 552,500 shares of common Stock at $56.00 per share ($55.80 prefunded at closing) and Common Stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 715,000 shares of Common Stock at $65.00 per share. The underlying warrant terms provide for net cash settlement outside the control of the Company under certain circumstances in the event of tender offers. As such, the Company is required to treat these warrants as derivative liabilities which are valued at their estimated fair value at their issuance date and at each reporting date with any subsequent changes reported in the consolidated statements of operations as the change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities. Accordingly, the Company allocated a portion of the net proceeds of this offering to warrant derivative liabilities based on their estimated fair value as follows (See Notes 11 and 17):

| Description  Amount  Warrant derivative liabilities  $  27,476,352  Pre-funded warrant derivative liabilities  1,438,934  Total allocation of the net proceeds of the offering to warrant derivative liabilities  $  28,915,286   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2022 Issuance of Restricted Common Stock.

On January 7, 2022, the board of directors approved the grant of 26,250 shares of common stock to officers of the Company. Such shares will vest over various periods ranging from one to five years on the anniversary of the grant date, provided that each grantee remains an officer or employee on such dates.

On various dates in January 2022, the board of directors approved the grant of 9,500 shares of common stock to employees of the Company. Most shares will generally vest in varying amounts over the next two to five years, provided that each grantee remains an employee on such vesting dates.

## Cancellation of Restricted Stock

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company cancelled 3,250 shares for various reasons.

## Preferred Stock Transaction

On October 13, 2022, the Company, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the 'Purchase Agreement') with certain institutional investors (the 'Preferred Stock  Investors'),  pursuant  to  which  the  Company  agreed  to  issue  and  sell,  in  a  private  placement  (the  '2022  Offering'),  1,400,000  shares  of  the  Company's  Series  A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the 'Series A Preferred Stock'), and 100,000 shares of the Company's Series B Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the 'Series B Preferred Stock', and together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the 'Preferred Stock'), at an offering price of $9.50 per  share,  representing  a  5%  original  issue  discount  to  the  stated  value  of  $10.00  per  share,  for  gross  aggregate  proceeds  of  $15  million  in  the  2022  Offering,  before  the deduction of discounts, fees and offering expenses. The shares of Preferred Stock will, under certain circumstances, be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock, at the option of the holders of the Preferred Stock and, in certain circumstances, by the Company. In connection with the 2022 Offering, the Company paid A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (the 'Financial Advisor') an aggregate cash fee equal to $750,000 and reimbursed the Financial Advisor for certain of its expenses in an amount not to exceed $135,000.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company filed on October 17, 2022 certificates of designation (the 'Certificates of Designation') with the Secretary of the State of Nevada designating the rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock. The Certificate of Designation for the Series A Preferred Stock provides, in particular, that  the Series A Preferred  Stock will have  no  voting  rights other than  the right to vote  on the Amendments on an as-ifconverted-to-Common-Stock basis. The Certificate of Designation for the Series B Preferred Stock provides, in particular, that the Series B Preferred Stock will have no voting rights other than the right to vote on the Amendments and each share of Series B Preferred Stock entitles the holder thereof the right to cast 2,500 votes on the Amendments.

The holders of Preferred Stock will be entitled to dividends, on an as-if converted-to-Common-Stock basis, equal to dividends actually paid, if any, on shares of Common Stock. The Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holders and, in certain circumstances, by the Company, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of $20.00 per share. The conversion price can be adjusted pursuant to the Certificates of Designation for stock dividends and stock splits, subsequent rights offering, pro rata distributions of dividends or other distribution of its assets, or the occurrence of a fundamental transaction (as defined in the applicable Certificate of Designation).

The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock have the right to require the Company to redeem their shares of the relevant series at a price per share equal to 105% of the stated value of such shares commencing (i) after the earlier of (1) the receipt of stockholder approval of the Amendments and (2) sixty (60) days after the closing of the 2022 Offering and (ii) before the date that is ninety (90) days after such closing. The Company has the option to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock at a price per share equal to 105% of the stated value of such shares commencing after the 90th day following the closing of the 2022 Offering, subject to the holders' rights to convert the shares prior to such redemption.

The proceeds of the 2022 Offering were held in an escrow account, along with the additional amount that would be necessary to fund the 105% redemption price until the expiration of the redemption period for the Preferred Stock, as applicable, subject to the earlier payment to redeeming holders. Upon expiration of the redemption period, any proceeds remaining in the escrow account will be disbursed to the Company.

The 2022 Offering closed on October 19, 2022. In December 2022, the Company redeemed 1,400,000 shares of Series A &amp; 100,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, for a redemption price of $15,750,000, with a $13,365,000 carrying amount, resulting in a $2,385,000 loss on redemption.

## Issuance of Common Stock as Consideration for the Potential Spin-Off Transaction.

On December 28, 2022, the Company issued a total of 25,000 shares of common stock as a portion of the consideration paid for the advisory services associated with the potential spin-off transaction.

## Stock Repurchase Program

On December 6, 2021, the board of directors of the Company authorized the repurchase of up to $10.0 million of the Company's outstanding common stock under the specified terms of a share repurchase program (the 'Program'). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 186,299 shares of its common stock for $4,026,523, in accordance with the Program.

| Period  Total  Number of  Shares  Purchased  Average  Price  Paid per  Shares  Total  Number of  Shares  Purchased as  Part of  Publicly  Announced  Program  Maximum  Approximate  Dollar Value  of  Shares that  May Yet Be  Purchased  Under the  Program  December 2021  86,742  $  22.80  86,742  -  January 2022  34,855  22.20  34,855  -  February 2022  34,649  22.40  34,649  -  March 2022  24,298  21.20  24,298  -  April 2022  29,774  22.80  29,774  -  May 2022  35,846  21.60  35,846  -  June 2022  26,878  19.20  26,878  -  Total all plans  273,041  $  22.00  273,041  $  3,998,398   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On June 30, 2022, the board of directors of the Company elected to terminate the Program, effective immediately. The Program began in December 2021, with the Company purchasing a total of 273,041 shares at a cost of $6,001,602 through June 30, 2022.

## Noncontrolling Interests

The  Company owns a 51% equity interest  in  its  consolidated  subsidiary,  Nobility  Healthcare.  As  a  result,  the  noncontrolling  shareholders  or  minority  interest  is allocated 49% of the income/loss of Nobility Healthcare which is reflected in the statement of (income) loss as 'net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary'. We reported net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiary of $407,933 and $56,453 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## NOTE 19. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## Transactions with Managing Member of Nobility Healthcare

On January 27, 2022, the board of directors appointed Christian J. Hoffmann, III as a member of the Board, effective immediately. Mr. Hoffmann is a principal owner and manager of Nobility, LLC which is currently the managing member of our consolidated subsidiary Nobility Healthcare, LLC.

The Company has advanced a total of $158,384 in the form of a working capital loan to Nobility, LLC in order to fund capital expenditures necessary for the initial growth  of  the  joint  venture  during  2022.  The  outstanding  balance  of  the  working  capital  loan  was  $138,384  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  the  Company  anticipates  full repayment of this advance during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company paid distributions to the noncontrolling in consolidated subsidiary totaling $15,692 and $-0-, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

On August 1, 2022, Mr. Hoffmann resigned as a member of the Board, effective immediately. He remains as a principal owner and manager of Nobility, LLC.

## NOTE 20. NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE

The calculation of the weighted average number of shares outstanding and loss per share outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  Numerator for basic and diluted income (loss) per share - Net income (loss) attributable to  common stockholders  $  (21,666,691)  $  25,474,508  Denominator for basic loss per share - weighted average shares outstanding  2,548,549  2,511,114  Dilutive effect of shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debt and the exercise of  stock options and warrants outstanding  -  -  Denominator for diluted loss per share - adjusted weighted average shares outstanding  2,548,549  2,511,114  Net income (loss) per share:  Basic  $  (8.50)  $  10.14  Diluted  $  (8.50)  $  10.14   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Basic income (loss) per share is based upon the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debt and the exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants were antidilutive, and, therefore, not included in the computation of diluted income (loss) per share.

## NOTE 21. DIGITAL ALLY HEALTHCARE VENTURE

On June  4,  2021,  Digital  Ally  Healthcare,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  entered  into  a  venture  with  Nobility  LLC  ('Nobility'),  an  eight-year-old revenue cycle management ('RCM') company servicing the medical industry, to form Nobility Healthcare, LLC ('Nobility Healthcare'). Digital Ally Healthcare is capitalizing the venture with $13.5 million to support the venture's business strategy to make acquisitions of RCM companies. Digital Ally Healthcare owns 51% of the venture that entitles it to 51% of the distributable cash as defined in the venture's operating agreement plus a cumulative preferred return of 10% per annum on its invested capital. Nobility will receive a management fee and 49% of the distributable cash, subordinated to Digital Ally Healthcare's preferred return. The venture comprises the Company's revenue cycle management segment.

On June 30, 2021, the Company's revenue cycle management segment completed the acquisition of a private medical billing company (the 'Healthcare Acquisition'). In  accordance  with  the  stock  purchase  agreement,  the  Company's  revenue  cycle  management  segment  agreed  to  a  non-refundable  initial  payment  (the  'Initial  Payment Amount') of $850,000. In addition to the Initial Payment Amount, the Company's revenue cycle management segment agreed to issue a promissory note to the stockholders of the Healthcare Acquisition in the principal amount of $350,000 that is subject to an earn-out adjustment. Management's estimate of the fair value of this Contingent Note at December 31, 2021 is $317,212. The gain associated with the adjustment in the estimated fair value of this contingent promissory note is recorded as a gain in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. Lastly, the Company's revenue cycle management segment agreed to pay $162,552 representing the principal and accrued interest balance due under a promissory note issued to the selling shareholders prior to the acquisition closing date. The Company's revenue cycle management segment  anticipates  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  contingent  promissory  note  to  be  paid  in  full,  therefore,  the  total  aggregate  purchase  price  was  determined  to  be approximately $1,376,509. Total acquisition related costs aggregated $164,630, which was expensed as incurred. Subsequent to the acquisition date, the Company received further information regarding the purchased assets and assumed liabilities. As a result, the initial allocation of the purchase price was adjusted by increasing accounts receivable by $75,000 with a corresponding reduction of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2021.

The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired, historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related  pro  forma  information  under  Article  8  of  Regulation  S-X,  respectively,  are  not  required  to  be  presented.  Under  the  acquisition  method,  the  purchase  price  of  the Healthcare Acquisition has been allocated to the acquired tangible and identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the time of the Healthcare  Acquisition.  This  allocation  involves  a  number  of  assumptions,  estimates,  and  judgments  that  could  materially  affect  the  timing  or  amounts  recognized  in  our financial statements. Our assumptions and estimates are based upon information obtained from the management of the Company's revenue cycle management segment. The acquisition was structured as stock purchase, therefore the excess purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which will not be amortized for income tax filing purposes. The results of operations of acquired businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date.

The purchase price of the Healthcare Acquisition was allocated to the tangible assets, and assumed liabilities based on their preliminary estimated fair values at the time of the Healthcare Acquisition. The preliminary and final estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Healthcare Acquisition were as follows:

| Purchase price allocation  Description  Preliminary  as allocated  June 30, 2021  Final  as allocated  June 30, 2022  Assets acquired:  Tangible assets acquired, consisting of acquired cash, accounts receivable and right of use asset  $  174,351  $  174,351  Intangible assets acquired - client agreements  -  457,079  Goodwill  1,125,000  667,921  Liabilities assumed consisting of a promissory note issued by the selling shareholders which was paid off  at closing, net of lease liability assumed  77,158  77,158  Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed  $  1,376,509  $  1,376,509  Consideration:  Cash paid at Healthcare Acquisition date  $  1,026,509  $  1,026,509  Contingent consideration earn-out agreement  350,000  350,000  Total Healthcare Acquisition purchase price  $  1,376,509  $  1,376,509   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives in years as of the date of acquisition:

| Cost  Amortization through  December 31,  2022  Estimated  useful life  Identifiable intangible assets:  Client agreements  $  457,079  $  68,562  10 years  F-43   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the period from the date of the Healthcare Acquisition to June 30, 2022, the Company adjusted its preliminary fair value estimates and estimated useful lives based upon information obtained through June 30, 2022, which resulted in adjustments to the preliminary allocation of the purchase price. These adjustments primarily related to estimated identifiable intangible asset fair values of client agreements and goodwill.

During  the  measurement  period  (which  is  the  period  required  to  obtain  all  necessary  information  that  existed  at  the  acquisition  date,  or  to  conclude  that  such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there could be changes to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these assets or liabilities as of that date. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration is more fully described in Note 10, 'Debt Obligations'.

On August 31, 2021, the Company's revenue cycle management segment completed the acquisition of another private medical billing company (the 'Medical Billing Acquisition'). In accordance with the stock purchase agreement, Nobility Healthcare agreed to a non-refundable initial payment (the 'Initial Payment Amount') of $2,270,000. In addition to the Initial Payment Amount, the Company's revenue cycle management segment agreed to issue a contingent promissory note to the stockholders of the Medical Billing Acquisition in the principal amount of $650,000 that is subject to an earn-out adjustment. The Company's revenue cycle management segment anticipates the estimated fair value of the contingent promissory note to be paid in full, therefore, the total aggregate purchase price was determined to be approximately $2,920,000. Total acquisition related costs aggregated $5,602, which was expensed as incurred.

The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired, historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related  pro  forma  information  under  Article  8  of  Regulation  S-X,  respectively,  are  not  required  to  be  presented.  Under  the  acquisition  method,  the  purchase  price  of  the Healthcare Acquisition has been allocated to the acquired tangible and identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the time of the Healthcare  Acquisition.  This  allocation  involves  a  number  of  assumptions,  estimates,  and  judgments  that  could  materially  affect  the  timing  or  amounts  recognized  in  our financial statements. Our assumptions and estimates are based upon information obtained from the management of the Company's revenue cycle management segment. The acquisition was structured as stock purchase, therefore the excess purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which will not be amortized for income tax filing purposes. The results of operations of acquired businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date.

The purchase price of the Medical Billing Acquisition was allocated to the tangible assets, and assumed liabilities based on their preliminary estimated fair values at the time of the Medical Billing Acquisition. The preliminary and final estimated fair value of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in the Medical Billing Acquisition were as follows:

| Purchase price  allocation  Preliminary As  allocated  Final As  allocated  Description  September 30,  2021  September 30,  2022  Assets acquired:  Tangible assets acquired  $  401,547  $  401,547  Identifiable intangible assets acquired - client agreements  -  206,955  Goodwill  2,920,000  2,713,045  Liabilities assumed pursuant to stock purchase agreement  (401,547)  (401,547)  Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed  $  2,920,000  $  2,920,000  Consideration:  Cash paid at Healthcare Acquisition date  $  2,270,000  $  2,270,000  Contingent consideration earn-out agreement  650,000  650,000  Total Healthcare Acquisition purchase price  $  2,920,000  $  2,920,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives in years as of the date of acquisition:

| Cost  Amortization through  December 31, 2022  Estimated  useful life  Identifiable intangible assets:  Client agreements  $  206,955  $  27,594  10 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the period from the date of the Healthcare Acquisition to August 31, 2022, the Company adjusted its preliminary fair value estimates and estimated useful lives based upon information obtained through August 31, 2022, which resulted in adjustments to the preliminary allocation of the purchase price. These adjustments primarily related to estimated identifiable intangible asset fair values of client agreements and goodwill.

During  the  measurement  period  (which  is  the  period  required  to  obtain  all  necessary  information  that  existed  at  the  acquisition  date,  or  to  conclude  that  such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there could be changes to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these assets or liabilities as of that date. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration is more fully described in Note 10, 'Debt Obligations'.

On January 1, 2022, the Company's revenue cycle management segment completed the acquisition of another private medical billing company (the 'Medical Billing Acquisition'). In accordance with the stock purchase agreement, Nobility Healthcare agreed to a non-refundable initial payment (the 'Initial Payment Amount') of $1,153,626. In addition to the Initial Payment Amount, the Company's revenue cycle management segment agreed to issue a contingent promissory note to the stockholders of the Medical Billing Acquisition in the principal amount of $750,000 that is subject to an earn-out adjustment. The Company's revenue cycle management segment anticipates the estimated fair value of the contingent promissory note to be paid in full, therefore, the total aggregate purchase price was determined to be approximately $1,903,626. Total acquisition related costs aggregated $7,996, which was expensed as incurred.

The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired, historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related  pro  forma  information  under  Article  8  of  Regulation  S-X,  respectively,  are  not  required  to  be  presented.  Under  the  acquisition  method,  the  purchase  price  of  the Healthcare Acquisition has been allocated to the acquired tangible and identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the time of the Healthcare  Acquisition.  This  allocation  involves  a  number  of  assumptions,  estimates,  and  judgments  that  could  materially  affect  the  timing  or  amounts  recognized  in  our financial statements. Our assumptions and estimates are based upon information obtained from the management of the Company's revenue cycle management segment. The acquisition was structured as stock purchase, therefore the excess purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which will not be amortized for income tax filing purposes. The results of operations of acquired businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date.

The purchase price of the Medical Billing Acquisition was allocated to the tangible assets, and assumed liabilities based on their preliminary estimated fair values at the time of the Medical Billing Acquisition. There was no change from the preliminary estimated fair value to the final estimated fair value of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in the Healthcare Acquisition, those value were as follows:

| Description  Amount  Assets acquired:  Tangible assets acquired  $  190,631  Goodwill  2,100,000  Liabilities assumed pursuant to stock purchase agreement  (387,005)  Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed  $  1,903,626  Consideration:  Cash paid at acquisition date  $  1,153,626  Contingent consideration promissory note  750,000  Total acquisition purchase price  $  1,903,626   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  measurement  period  (which  is  the  period  required  to  obtain  all  necessary  information  that  existed  at  the  acquisition  date,  or  to  conclude  that  such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there could be changes to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these assets or liabilities as of that date. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration is more fully described in Note 10, 'Debt Obligations'.

On February 1, 2022, the Company's revenue cycle management segment completed an asset acquisition from another private medical billing company (the 'Medical Billing Asset Acquisition'). In accordance with the asset purchase agreement, Nobility Healthcare agreed to a non-refundable initial payment (the 'Initial Payment Amount') of $230,000. In addition to the Initial Payment Amount, the Company's revenue cycle management segment agreed to issue a contingent promissory note to the stockholders of the Medical Billing Asset Acquisition in the principal amount of $105,000 that is subject to an earn-out adjustment. The Company's revenue cycle management segment anticipates the estimated fair value of the contingent promissory note to be paid in full, therefore, the total aggregate purchase price was determined to be approximately $335,000. Total acquisition related costs aggregated $10,322, which was expensed as incurred.

In accordance with ASC 805, 'Business Combinations', the acquisition method of accounting is used, and recognition of the assets acquired is at fair value as of the acquisition dates. All acquisition costs were expensed as incurred. The consideration paid has been allocated to the assets acquired based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The estimate of fair values for the intangible assets acquired were agreed to by both buyer and seller. The estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired in the Medical Billing Asset Acquisition were as follows:

| Description  Amount  Assets acquired:  Intangible assets acquired - client agreements  $  335,000  Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed  $  335,000  Consideration:  Cash paid at acquisition date  $  230,000  Contingent consideration promissory note  105,000  Total acquisition purchase price  $  335,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives in years as of the date of acquisition:

| Cost  Amortization through  December 31,  2022  Estimated  useful life  Identifiable intangible assets:  Client agreements  $  335,000  $  30,708  10 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The change in fair value of the contingent consideration is more fully described in Note 10, 'Debt Obligations' and will be estimated on a quarterly basis.

## NOTE 22. TICKETSMARTER ACQUISITION

On September 1, 2021, Digital Ally, Inc. formed TicketSmarter, Inc. ('TicketSmarter'), through which the Company completed the acquisition of Goody Tickets, LLC,  a  Kansas  limited  liability  company  ('Goody  Tickets')  and  TicketSmarter,  LLC,  a  Kansas  limited  liability  company  ('TicketSmarter  LLC'),  collectively  the 'TicketSmarter Acquisition'. TicketSmarter, Inc. comprises the Company's entertainment business segment. In accordance with the stock purchase agreement, the Company agreed to an initial payment (the 'Initial Payment Amount') of $9,403,600 through a combination of cash and common stock. In addition to the Initial Payment Amount, the Company agreed to issue an earn-out agreement to the stockholders of Goody Tickets and TicketSmarter LLC in the contingent amount of $4,244,400 that is subject to an earnout  adjustment  based  on  actual  EBITDA  achieved  in  2021,  of  which  the  Company  gave  a  fair  value  of  $3,700,000  on  the  date  of  acquisition.  However,  following  the completion of 2021, it was determined that the actual EBITDA threshold for any earn-out adjustment to be paid was not met. Thus, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the fair value of the contingent earn-out is reduced to zero, and the associated gain related to this revaluation is recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended  December  31,  2021.  Lastly,  included  in  the  agreement,  the  Company  agreed  to  place  $500,000  in  escrow,  subject  to  a  working  capital  adjustment  based  on  actual working capital amounts on the acquisition date as defined in the agreement, this amount was subject to disbursement 45 days following the close of the acquisition. The parties completed the working capital adjustment resulting in the Company retaining $297,726 of the escrow amount with the $202,274 released to the Sellers. The total acquisition related costs aggregated $40,625, which was expensed as incurred.

The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method and that the Company has early adopted the amendments of Regulation S-X dated May 21, 2020 and has concluded that this acquisition was not significant. Accordingly, the presentation of the assets acquired, historical financial statements under Rule 3-05 and related  pro  forma  information  under  Article  11  of  Regulation  S-X,  respectively,  are  not  required  to  be  presented.  Under  the  acquisition  method,  the  purchase  price  of  the TicketSmarter Acquisition has been allocated to Goody Tickets' and TicketSmarter LLC's acquired tangible and identifiable intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the time of the TicketSmarter Acquisition. This allocation involves a number of assumptions, estimates, and judgments that could materially affect the timing or amounts recognized in our financial statements. The TicketSmarter Acquisition was structured as a stock purchase; however the parties agreed to coordinate the election to invoke IRS Section 338(h)(10) relative to this transaction for tax purposes. Therefore, the excess purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which will be amortized over 15 years for income tax filing purposes. Likewise, the other acquired assets were stepped up to fair value and is deductible for income tax purposes. The results of operations of acquired businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date.

The purchase price of the TicketSmarter Acquisition was allocated to Goody Tickets' and TicketSmarter LLC's tangible assets, goodwill, identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities based on their preliminary estimated fair values at the time of the TicketSmarter Acquisition. The Company retained the services of an independent valuation firm to determine the fair value of these identifiable intangible assets. The preliminary and final estimated fair value of assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in the TicketSmarter Acquisition were as follows:

| Purchase price allocation  As allocated  Final as allocated  Description  September 30, 2021  December 31, 2021  Assets acquired:  Tangible assets acquired, including $51,432 of cash acquired  $  7,139,930  $  5,748,291  Identifiable intangible assets acquired  -  6,800,000  Goodwill  11,839,308  5,886,547  Liabilities assumed  (5,128,964)  (5,128,964)  Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed  $  13,850,274  $  13,305,874  Consideration:  Cash paid at TicketSmarter Acquisition date  $  8,413,240  $  8,413,240  Common stock issued as consideration for TicketSmarter Acquisition at date of acquisition  990,360  990,360  Contingent consideration earn-out agreement  4,244,400  3,700,000  Cash paid at closing to escrow amount  500,000  500,000  Cash retained from escrow amount pursuant to settlement of working capital target  (297,726)  (297,726)  Total TicketSmarter Acquisition purchase price  $  13,850,274  $  13,305,874   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives in years as of the date of acquisition:

| Cost  Amortization through  December 31, 2022  Estimated  useful life  Identifiable intangible assets:  Trademarks  $  600,000  $  -  indefinite  Sponsorship agreement network  5,600,000  1,493,333  5 years  Search engine optimization/content  600,000  200,000  4 years  $  6,800,000  $  1,693,333   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the period from the date of the TicketSmarter Acquisition to December 31, 2021, the Company adjusted its preliminary fair value estimates and estimated useful lives  based  upon  information  obtained  through  December  31,  2021,  which  resulted  in  adjustments  to  the  preliminary  allocation  of  the  purchase  price.  These  adjustments primarily related to estimated identifiable intangible asset fair values (primarily related to the sponsorship agreement network), the estimated fair value of the contingent earnout agreement liability and goodwill. There were no adjustments to the allocation of the purchase price during the year ended December 31, 2022.

During  the  measurement  period  (which  is  the  period  required  to  obtain  all  necessary  information  that  existed  at  the  acquisition  date,  or  to  conclude  that  such information is unavailable, not to exceed one year), additional assets or liabilities may be recognized, or there could be changes to the amounts of assets or liabilities previously recognized on a preliminary basis, if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of these assets or liabilities as of that date. The change in fair value of the contingent consideration is more fully described in Note 10, 'Debt Obligations'.

## NOTE 23. SEGMENT DATA

The  accounting  guidance  on  Segment  Reporting  establishes  standards  for  reporting  information  regarding  operating  segments  in  annual  financial  statements  and requires selected information of those segments to be presented in financial statements. Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise for which separate discrete financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker (the Company's Chief Executive Officer or 'CODM') in making decisions on how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company's three operating segments are Video Solutions, Revenue Cycle Management, and Entertainment, each of which has specific personnel responsible for that business and reports to the CODM. Corporate expenses capture the Company's corporate administrative activities, is also to be reported in the segment information. The Company's captive insurance subsidiary provides services to the Company's other business segments and not to outside customers. Therefore, its operations are eliminated in consolidation and is not considered a separate business segment for financial reporting purposes.

The  Video  Solutions  Segment  encompasses  our  law,  commercial,  and  shield  divisions.  This  segment  includes  both  service  and  product  revenues  through  our subscription  models  offering  cloud  and  warranty  solutions,  and  hardware  sales  for  video  and  health  safety  solutions.  The  Revenue  Cycle  Management  Segment  provides working capital  and  back-office  services  to  a  variety  of  healthcare  organizations  throughout  the  country,  as  a  monthly  service  fee.  The  Entertainment  Segment  acts  as  an intermediary between ticket buyers and sellers within our secondary ticketing platform, ticketsmarter.com, and we also acquire tickets from primary sellers to then sell through various platforms.

The  Company's  corporate  administration  activities  are  reported  in  the  corporate  line  item.  These  activities  primarily  include  expense  related  to  certain  corporate officers and support staff, certain accounting staff, expense related to the Company's Board of Directors, stock option expense for options granted to corporate administration employees, certain consulting expenses, investor relations activities, and a portion of the Company's legal, auditing and professional fee expenses. Corporate identifiable assets primarily consist of cash, invested cash (if any), refundable income taxes (if any), and deferred income taxes.

Summarized financial information for the Company's reportable business segments is provided for the indicated periods and as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Net Revenues:  Video Solutions  $  8,252,288  $  9,073,626  Revenue Cycle Management  7,886,107  1,630,048  Entertainment  20,871,500  10,709,760  Total Net Revenues  $  37,009,895  $  21,413,434  Gross Profit:  Video Solutions  $  (1,250,277)  $  2,002,345  Revenue Cycle Management  3,303,477  521,047  Entertainment  268,741  3,140,383  Total Gross Profit  $  2,321,941  $  5,663,775  Operating Income (loss):  Video Solutions  $  (9,278,721)  $  (4,497,196)  Revenue Cycle Management  357,705  93,763  Entertainment  (7,369,241)  235,432  Corporate  (13,443,001)  (10,592,909)  Total Operating Income (Loss)  $  (29,733,258)  $  (14,760,910)  Depreciation and Amortization:  Video Solutions  $  769,228  $  395,361  Revenue Cycle Management  128,082  -  Entertainment  1,279,369  427,128  Total Depreciation and Amortization  $  2,176,679  $  822,489  Assets (net of eliminations):  Video Solutions  $  28,509,706  $  25,983,348  Revenue Cycle Management  2,201,570  934,095  Entertainment  11,190,491  12,260,780  Corporate  14,766,295  43,810,974  Total Identifiable Assets  $  56,668,062  $  82,989,197   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The segments recorded noncash items effecting the gross profit and operating income (loss) through the established inventory reserves based on estimates of excess and/or obsolete current and non-current inventory. The Company recorded a reserve for excess and obsolete inventory in the video solutions segment of $5,230,261 and a reserve for the entertainment segment of $259,280 as of December 31, 2022.

The segment net revenues reported above represent sales to external customers. Segment gross profit represents net revenues less cost of revenues. Segment operating income, which is used in management's evaluation of segment performance, represents net revenues, less cost of revenues, less all operating expenses. Identifiable assets are those assets used by each segment in its operations. Corporate assets primarily consist of cash, property, plant and equipment, accounts receivable, inventories, and other assets.

## Note 24. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

## 2023 Issuance of Restricted Common Stock

On January 9, 2023, the compensation committee ('the 'Compensation Committee') of the board of directors awarded Stanton E. Ross 17,500 shares of restricted common stock that will vest one half on January 10, 2024 and one half on January 10, 2025 provided that he remains an officer on such dates. Peng Han was awarded 5,000 shares of restricted common stock that will vest 1,000 shares on January 10, 2024, January 10, 2025, January 10, 2026, January 10, 2027 and January 10, 2028 provided that he remains an officer on such dates. The Compensation Committee awarded employees a total of 12,500 shares of restricted common stock that will vest one half on January 10, 2024 and one half on January 10, 2025 provided that they remain employees on such dates.

## Reverse Stock Split

On February 6, 2023, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effect a 1-for-20 reverse stock split (the 'Reverse Stock Split') of the shares of our common stock. The Reverse Stock Split was effective as of time of filing. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Any fractional shares of our Common Stock that would have otherwise resulted from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the nearest whole number. In connection with the Reverse Stock Split, our board approved appropriate and proportional adjustments to all outstanding securities or other rights convertible or exercisable into shares of our Common Stock, including, without limitation, all preferred stock, warrants, options, and other equity compensation rights. All historical share and per-share amounts reflected throughout our consolidated financial statements and other financial information in this Report have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split as if the split occurred as of the earliest period presented. The par value per share of our common stock was not affected by the Reverse Stock Split.

## Nasdaq Compliance

On February 23, 2023, the Company received notice from Nasdaq confirming that the Company has cured its bid price deficiency and has fully regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement.

EX-10.14

## 2015 STOCK OPTION AND RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT

DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

- I. NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT:

Grantee's Name and Address:

14001 Marshall Drive Lenexa, KS 66215

You have been granted restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Grant Agreement, as follows:

Date of Grant:

January \_\_, 2016

Market Value per Share:

$\_\_\_\_\_ (closing share price on date of grant).

Total Number of Shares Granted:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Total Value of Grant:

$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (number of shares multiplied by closing share price on date of grant).

Vesting Schedule:

The restricted shares of Common Stock will vest as follows:

- Fifty percent (50.00%), or \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ shares, vests on January \_\_, 2017.

- Fifty percent (50.00%), or \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ shares, vests on January \_\_, 2018.

1 of 4

03/31/2023 02:31 PM

Exhibit 10.14

## 2015 STOCK OPTION AND RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN

## RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

THIS  RESTRICTED  STOCK  AGREEMENT (this  'Restricted  Stock  Agreement)  is  dated  January  \_\_,  2016  between DIGITAL  ALLY,  INC. ,  a  Nevada  Company  (the 'Company') and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the 'Recipient'). Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Digital Ally, Inc. 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 'Plan') shall have the same defined meanings in this Agreement.

1. Grant .  The Company hereby grants a Restricted Stock Award (the 'Award') with respect to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\_\_\_,\_\_\_\_) shares of common stock, $0.001 par value ('Common Stock') of the Company (the 'Shares'), all in accordance with and subject to the Plan and the following terms and conditions.

2. Grant Date; Value . This Award was made as of January \_\_, 2016 (the 'Date of Grant'). The value of the Award is $ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ , calculated as the Shares multiplied by $\_\_.\_\_,the closing price per share on the Date of Grant.

3. Custody of Restricted Stock . The Shares granted hereunder may be evidenced in such manner as the Company shall determine. The Shares may be held, along with any stock dividends and other non-cash distributions relating thereto, in custody by the Company or an agent for the Company until it shall become vested. If any certificates are issued for the Shares, the certificates will bear an appropriate legend as determined by the Company referring to the applicable restrictions. Upon the vesting of the Shares pursuant to the terms hereof and the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations described below, the Recipient will receive vested shares of Common Stock.

4. Vesting Requirements . This Award shall become vested in accordance with the schedule set forth below:

Vesting Date

% of Shares Becoming Vested

January \_\_, 2017

Fifty percent (50.00%), or (\_\_,000 shares)

January \_\_, 2018

Fifty percent (50.00%), or (\_\_,000 shares)

5. Accelerated  Vesting .  Notwithstanding  the  vesting  schedule  reflected  in  the  preceding  Section  4,  'Vesting  Requirements,'  or  Section  7,  'Termination  of Employment,' in the event of a Change in Control all restrictions imposed on any then-restricted Shares shall terminate (such that any Shares shall vest and become fully transferable) immediately prior to any such event. A 'Change in Control' means (i) one party alone, or acting with others, has acquired or gained control over more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting shares of the Company; or (ii) the Company merges or consolidates with or into another entity or completes any other corporate reorganization, if more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the surviving entity's securities outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation  or  other  reorganization  is  owned  by  persons  who  were  not  shareholders  of  the  Company  immediately  prior  to  such  merger,  consolidation  or  other reorganization; or (iii) a majority of the Company's Board of Directors is replaced and/or dismissed by the shareholders of the Company without the recommendation of  or  nomination  by  the  Company's  current  Board  of  Directors;  or  (iv)  the  Company's  Chief  Executive  Officer  (the  'CEO')  is  replaced  and/or  dismissed  by shareholders without the approval of the Company's Board of Directors; or (v) the Company sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company does not own stock in the purchaser or purchasers having more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the entity owning all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company after such purchase.
6. Rights as Shareholder .  The  Recipient  will  have  the  right  to  vote  the  Shares  and  to  receive  any  cash  dividends.  However,  stock  dividends,  stock  rights  or  others securities issued with respect to the Shares shall subject to the same restrictions as exist regarding the original Shares.
7. Termination of Employment . If the Recipient ceases to be an employee of the Company for any reason, including, without limitation, death, disability, termination for cause or without cause or voluntary separation, the Shares granted to the Recipient that have not vested prior to such time will no longer vest, and any such Shares, if issued, shall be returned to the Company for cancellation, and neither the Recipient nor his or her heirs, executors, administrators or successors shall have any right or interest in any of such unvested restricted stock.
8. No Guarantee of Employment. RECIPIENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING SERVICE AS AN EMPLOYEE AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING GRANTED THE AWARD. THE RECIPIENT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED RETENTION AS AN EMPLOYEE FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE WITH THE RECIPIENT'S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE THE RECIPIENT'S SERVICE AS AN EMPLOYEE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.
9. Award Not Transferable . The Shares are not transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and may not be assigned, negotiated, or pledged in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise), and shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process.
10. Conformity to Securities Laws . The Recipient acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform, to the extent necessary, with all provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all regulations and rules promulgated thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations.
11. Tax Withholding . The Company may require, as a condition to the vesting of any shares of the Shares, that the Recipient concurrently pay to the Company any taxes which the Company is required to withhold by reason of such vesting. In lieu of part or all of such payment, the Recipient may request, subject to such rules and regulations as the Board may adopt from time to time, that the Company withhold a portion of the shares otherwise becoming vested to defray all or a portion of any applicable taxes, or request that the Company withhold the required amounts from other compensation, if any, payable to the Recipient.
12. Restricted Stock Legend. While the Recipient is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or otherwise an Affiliate of the Company, the stock certificates evidencing the Shares shall indicate that the Shares are restricted stock.
13. Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Recipient with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Recipient's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Recipient. This Restricted Stock Agreement is governed by Nevada law except for that body of law pertaining to conflict of laws.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

By your signature and the signature of the Company's representative below, you and the Company agree that this Award is granted under and governed by the terms and  conditions  of  the  Plan  and  this  Restricted  Stock  Agreement.  The  Recipient  has  reviewed  the  Plan  and  this  Restricted  Stock  Agreement  in  their  entirety,  has  had  an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Restricted Stock Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Restricted Stock Agreement. Recipient  hereby  agrees  to  accept  as  binding,  conclusive  and  final  all  decisions  or  interpretations  of  the  Board  of  Directors  upon  any  questions  relating  to  the  Plan  and Restricted Stock Agreement. The Recipient further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.

RECIPIENT:

DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

By:

Signature

Signature

Thomas J. Heckman

Print Name

Residence Address

Title:

CFO, Treasurer &amp; Secretary

## CONSENT OF SPOUSE

The undersigned spouse of Recipient has read and hereby approves the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement. In consideration of the Company's granting his or her spouse the right to purchase Shares as set forth in the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement, the undersigned hereby agrees to be irrevocably bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement and further agrees that any community property interest shall be similarly bound. The undersigned  hereby  appoints  the  undersigned's  spouse  as  attorney-in-fact  for  the  undersigned  with  respect  to  any  amendment  or  exercise  of  rights  under  the  Plan  or  this Restricted Stock Agreement.

Spouse of Recipient ex10-16.htm

EX-10.16

## 2018 STOCK OPTION AND RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT

DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

- I. NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT:

Grantee's Name and Address:

14001 Marshall Drive Lenexa, KS 66215

You have been granted restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Grant Agreement, as follows:

Date of Grant:

January \_\_, 2019

Market Value per Share:

$\_\_\_\_\_ (closing share price on date of grant).

Total Number of Shares Granted:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Total Value of Grant:

$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (number of shares multiplied by closing share price on date of grant).

Vesting Schedule:

The restricted shares of Common Stock will vest as follows:

- Fifty percent (50.00%), or \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ shares, vests on January \_\_, 2020.

- Fifty percent (50.00%), or \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ shares, vests on January \_\_, 2021.

1 of 4

03/31/2023 02:31 PM

Exhibit 10.16

## 2018 STOCK OPTION AND RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN

## RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

THIS  RESTRICTED  STOCK  AGREEMENT (this  'Restricted  Stock  Agreement)  is  dated  January  \_\_,  2019  between DIGITAL  ALLY,  INC. ,  a  Nevada  Company  (the 'Company') and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the 'Recipient'). Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Digital Ally, Inc. 2018 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 'Plan') shall have the same defined meanings in this Agreement.

1. Grant .  The Company hereby grants a Restricted Stock Award (the 'Award') with respect to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\_\_\_,\_\_\_\_) shares of common stock, $0.001 par value ('Common Stock') of the Company (the 'Shares'), all in accordance with and subject to the Plan and the following terms and conditions.

2. Grant Date; Value . This Award was made as of January \_\_, 2019 (the 'Date of Grant'). The value of the Award is $ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ , calculated as the Shares multiplied by $\_\_.\_\_,the closing price per share on the Date of Grant.

3. Custody of Restricted Stock . The Shares granted hereunder may be evidenced in such manner as the Company shall determine. The Shares may be held, along with any stock dividends and other non-cash distributions relating thereto, in custody by the Company or an agent for the Company until it shall become vested. If any certificates are issued for the Shares, the certificates will bear an appropriate legend as determined by the Company referring to the applicable restrictions. Upon the vesting of the Shares pursuant to the terms hereof and the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations described below, the Recipient will receive vested shares of Common Stock.

4. Vesting Requirements . This Award shall become vested in accordance with the schedule set forth below:

Vesting Date

% of Shares Becoming Vested

January \_\_, 2020

Fifty percent (50.00%), or (\_\_,000 shares)

January \_\_, 2021

Fifty percent (50.00%), or (\_\_,000 shares)

5. Accelerated  Vesting .  Notwithstanding  the  vesting  schedule  reflected  in  the  preceding  Section  4,  'Vesting  Requirements,'  or  Section  7,  'Termination  of Employment,' in the event of a Change in Control all restrictions imposed on any then-restricted Shares shall terminate (such that any Shares shall vest and become fully transferable) immediately prior to any such event. A 'Change in Control' means (i) one party alone, or acting with others, has acquired or gained control over more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting shares of the Company; or (ii) the Company merges or consolidates with or into another entity or completes any other corporate reorganization, if more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the surviving entity's securities outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation  or  other  reorganization  is  owned  by  persons  who  were  not  shareholders  of  the  Company  immediately  prior  to  such  merger,  consolidation  or  other reorganization; or (iii) a majority of the Company's Board of Directors is replaced and/or dismissed by the shareholders of the Company without the recommendation of  or  nomination  by  the  Company's  current  Board  of  Directors;  or  (iv)  the  Company's  Chief  Executive  Officer  (the  'CEO')  is  replaced  and/or  dismissed  by shareholders without the approval of the Company's Board of Directors; or (v) the Company sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company does not own stock in the purchaser or purchasers having more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the entity owning all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company after such purchase.
6. Rights as Shareholder .  The  Recipient  will  have  the  right  to  vote  the  Shares  and  to  receive  any  cash  dividends.  However,  stock  dividends,  stock  rights  or  others securities issued with respect to the Shares shall subject to the same restrictions as exist regarding the original Shares.
7. Termination of Employment . If the Recipient ceases to be an employee of the Company for any reason, including, without limitation, death, disability, termination for cause or without cause or voluntary separation, the Shares granted to the Recipient that have not vested prior to such time will no longer vest, and any such Shares, if issued, shall be returned to the Company for cancellation, and neither the Recipient nor his or her heirs, executors, administrators or successors shall have any right or interest in any of such unvested restricted stock.
8. No Guarantee of Employment. RECIPIENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING SERVICE AS AN EMPLOYEE AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING GRANTED THE AWARD. THE RECIPIENT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED RETENTION AS AN EMPLOYEE FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE WITH THE RECIPIENT'S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE THE RECIPIENT'S SERVICE AS AN EMPLOYEE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.
9. Award Not Transferable . The Shares are not transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and may not be assigned, negotiated, or pledged in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise), and shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process.
10. Conformity to Securities Laws . The Recipient acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform, to the extent necessary, with all provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all regulations and rules promulgated thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations.
11. Tax Withholding . The Company may require, as a condition to the vesting of any shares of the Shares, that the Recipient concurrently pay to the Company any taxes which the Company is required to withhold by reason of such vesting. In lieu of part or all of such payment, the Recipient may request, subject to such rules and regulations as the Board may adopt from time to time, that the Company withhold a portion of the shares otherwise becoming vested to defray all or a portion of any applicable taxes, or request that the Company withhold the required amounts from other compensation, if any, payable to the Recipient.
12. Restricted Stock Legend. While the Recipient is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or otherwise an Affiliate of the Company, the stock certificates evidencing the Shares shall indicate that the Shares are restricted stock.
13. Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Recipient with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Recipient's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Recipient. This Restricted Stock Agreement is governed by Nevada law except for that body of law pertaining to conflict of laws.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

By your signature and the signature of the Company's representative below, you and the Company agree that this Award is granted under and governed by the terms and  conditions  of  the  Plan  and  this  Restricted  Stock  Agreement.  The  Recipient  has  reviewed  the  Plan  and  this  Restricted  Stock  Agreement  in  their  entirety,  has  had  an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Restricted Stock Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Restricted Stock Agreement. Recipient  hereby  agrees  to  accept  as  binding,  conclusive  and  final  all  decisions  or  interpretations  of  the  Board  of  Directors  upon  any  questions  relating  to  the  Plan  and Restricted Stock Agreement. The Recipient further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.

RECIPIENT:

DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

By:

Signature

Signature

Thomas J. Heckman

Print Name

Residence Address

Title:

CFO, Treasurer &amp; Secretary

## CONSENT OF SPOUSE

The undersigned spouse of Recipient has read and hereby approves the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement. In consideration of the Company's granting his or her spouse the right to purchase Shares as set forth in the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement, the undersigned hereby agrees to be irrevocably bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement and further agrees that any community property interest shall be similarly bound. The undersigned  hereby  appoints  the  undersigned's  spouse  as  attorney-in-fact  for  the  undersigned  with  respect  to  any  amendment  or  exercise  of  rights  under  the  Plan  or  this Restricted Stock Agreement.

Spouse of Recipient ex10-19.htm

EX-10.19

## 2020 STOCK OPTION AND RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT

DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

- I. NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT:

Grantee's Name and Address:

14001 Marshall Drive Lenexa, KS 66215

You have been granted restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Grant Agreement, as follows:

Date of Grant:

January \_\_, 2021

Market Value per Share:

$\_\_\_\_\_ (closing share price on date of grant).

Total Number of Shares Granted:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Total Value of Grant:

$\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (number of shares multiplied by closing share price on date of grant).

Vesting Schedule:

The restricted shares of Common Stock will vest as follows:

- Fifty percent (50.00%), or \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ shares, vests on January \_\_, 2022.

- Fifty percent (50.00%), or \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ shares, vests on January \_\_, 2023.

1 of 4

03/31/2023 02:31 PM

Exhibit 10.19

## 2020 STOCK OPTION AND RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN

## RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

THIS  RESTRICTED  STOCK  AGREEMENT (this  'Restricted  Stock  Agreement)  is  dated  January  \_\_,  2021  between DIGITAL  ALLY,  INC. ,  a  Nevada  Company  (the 'Company') and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the 'Recipient'). Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Digital Ally, Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the 'Plan') shall have the same defined meanings in this Agreement.

1. Grant .  The Company hereby grants a Restricted Stock Award (the 'Award') with respect to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\_\_\_,\_\_\_\_) shares of common stock, $0.001 par value ('Common Stock') of the Company (the 'Shares'), all in accordance with and subject to the Plan and the following terms and conditions.

2. Grant Date; Value . This Award was made as of January \_\_, 2021 (the 'Date of Grant'). The value of the Award is $ \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ , calculated as the Shares multiplied by $\_\_.\_\_,the closing price per share on the Date of Grant.

3. Custody of Restricted Stock . The Shares granted hereunder may be evidenced in such manner as the Company shall determine. The Shares may be held, along with any stock dividends and other non-cash distributions relating thereto, in custody by the Company or an agent for the Company until it shall become vested. If any certificates are issued for the Shares, the certificates will bear an appropriate legend as determined by the Company referring to the applicable restrictions. Upon the vesting of the Shares pursuant to the terms hereof and the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations described below, the Recipient will receive vested shares of Common Stock.

4. Vesting Requirements . This Award shall become vested in accordance with the schedule set forth below:

Vesting Date

% of Shares Becoming Vested

January \_\_, 2022

Fifty percent (50.00%), or (\_\_,000 shares)

January \_\_, 2023

Fifty percent (50.00%), or (\_\_,000 shares)

5. Accelerated  Vesting .  Notwithstanding  the  vesting  schedule  reflected  in  the  preceding  Section  4,  'Vesting  Requirements,'  or  Section  7,  'Termination  of Employment,' in the event of a Change in Control all restrictions imposed on any then-restricted Shares shall terminate (such that any Shares shall vest and become fully transferable) immediately prior to any such event. A 'Change in Control' means (i) one party alone, or acting with others, has acquired or gained control over more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting shares of the Company; or (ii) the Company merges or consolidates with or into another entity or completes any other corporate reorganization, if more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the surviving entity's securities outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation  or  other  reorganization  is  owned  by  persons  who  were  not  shareholders  of  the  Company  immediately  prior  to  such  merger,  consolidation  or  other reorganization; or (iii) a majority of the Company's Board of Directors is replaced and/or dismissed by the shareholders of the Company without the recommendation of  or  nomination  by  the  Company's  current  Board  of  Directors;  or  (iv)  the  Company's  Chief  Executive  Officer  (the  'CEO')  is  replaced  and/or  dismissed  by shareholders without the approval of the Company's Board of Directors; or (v) the Company sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Company does not own stock in the purchaser or purchasers having more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the entity owning all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company after such purchase.
6. Rights as Shareholder .  The  Recipient  will  have  the  right  to  vote  the  Shares  and  to  receive  any  cash  dividends.  However,  stock  dividends,  stock  rights  or  others securities issued with respect to the Shares shall subject to the same restrictions as exist regarding the original Shares.
7. Termination of Employment . If the Recipient ceases to be an employee of the Company for any reason, including, without limitation, death, disability, termination for cause or without cause or voluntary separation, the Shares granted to the Recipient that have not vested prior to such time will no longer vest, and any such Shares, if issued, shall be returned to the Company for cancellation, and neither the Recipient nor his or her heirs, executors, administrators or successors shall have any right or interest in any of such unvested restricted stock.
8. No Guarantee of Employment. RECIPIENT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING SERVICE AS AN EMPLOYEE AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING GRANTED THE AWARD. THE RECIPIENT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED RETENTION AS AN EMPLOYEE FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE WITH THE RECIPIENT'S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE THE RECIPIENT'S SERVICE AS AN EMPLOYEE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.
9. Award Not Transferable . The Shares are not transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and may not be assigned, negotiated, or pledged in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise), and shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process.
10. Conformity to Securities Laws . The Recipient acknowledges that the Plan is intended to conform, to the extent necessary, with all provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all regulations and rules promulgated thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations.
11. Tax Withholding . The Company may require, as a condition to the vesting of any shares of the Shares, that the Recipient concurrently pay to the Company any taxes which the Company is required to withhold by reason of such vesting. In lieu of part or all of such payment, the Recipient may request, subject to such rules and regulations as the Board may adopt from time to time, that the Company withhold a portion of the shares otherwise becoming vested to defray all or a portion of any applicable taxes, or request that the Company withhold the required amounts from other compensation, if any, payable to the Recipient.
12. Restricted Stock Legend. While the Recipient is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or otherwise an Affiliate of the Company, the stock certificates evidencing the Shares shall indicate that the Shares are restricted stock.
13. Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Recipient with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Recipient's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Recipient. This Restricted Stock Agreement is governed by Nevada law except for that body of law pertaining to conflict of laws.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

By your signature and the signature of the Company's representative below, you and the Company agree that this Award is granted under and governed by the terms and  conditions  of  the  Plan  and  this  Restricted  Stock  Agreement.  The  Recipient  has  reviewed  the  Plan  and  this  Restricted  Stock  Agreement  in  their  entirety,  has  had  an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Restricted Stock Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Restricted Stock Agreement. Recipient  hereby  agrees  to  accept  as  binding,  conclusive  and  final  all  decisions  or  interpretations  of  the  Board  of  Directors  upon  any  questions  relating  to  the  Plan  and Restricted Stock Agreement. The Recipient further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.

RECIPIENT:

DIGITAL ALLY, INC.

By:

Signature

Signature

Thomas J. Heckman

Print Name

Residence Address

Title:

CFO, Treasurer &amp; Secretary

## CONSENT OF SPOUSE

The undersigned spouse of Recipient has read and hereby approves the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement. In consideration of the Company's granting his or her spouse the right to purchase Shares as set forth in the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement, the undersigned hereby agrees to be irrevocably bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Restricted Stock Agreement and further agrees that any community property interest shall be similarly bound. The undersigned  hereby  appoints  the  undersigned's  spouse  as  attorney-in-fact  for  the  undersigned  with  respect  to  any  amendment  or  exercise  of  rights  under  the  Plan  or  this Restricted Stock Agreement.

Spouse of Recipient

## Subsidiaries of Registrant

| Subsidiary Legal Name  Status  State of  Organization  Type of Organization  Entity  Organizational ID #  Digital Ally International, Inc.  Subsidiary-100% owned  Nevada  Corporation  NV20091423731  Shield Products, LLC  Subsidiary-100% owned  Kansas  Limited Liability Company  9656117  Digital Ally Healthcare, Inc.  Subsidiary-100% owned  Nevada  Corporation  NV20212106205  Nobility Healthcare, LLC.  Subsidiary-51% owned  Kansas  Limited Liability Company  9920075  TicketSmarter, Inc.  Subsidiary-100% owned  Nevada  Corporation  NV20211727915  TicketSmarter, LLC  Subsidiary-100% owned  Kansas  Limited Liability Company  9430463  Goody Tickets, LLC  Subsidiary-100% owned  Kansas  Limited Liability Company  6503932  Worldwide Reinsurance, Ltd.  Subsidiary-100% owned  Bermuda  Private Limited Company  47713  Digital Connect, Inc.  Subsidiary-100% owned  Nevada  Corporation  NV20222319342  BirdVu Jets, Inc.  Subsidiary-100% owned  Nevada  Corporation  NV20222550723  Kustom 440, Inc.  Subsidiary-100% owned  Nevada  Corporation  NV20222550723  Kustom Entertainment, Inc.  Subsidiary-100% owned  Nevada  Corporation  NV20222805846   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Exhibit 21.1

## CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement File No. 333-270129, File No. 333-146874, File No. 333-180393, File No. 333-190117, File No. 333199095, File No. 333-202943, File No. 333-205136, File No. 333-211534, File No.333-220086, File No. 333-226940, File No. 333-231810, File No. 333-250124 and File No. 333-270129 on Forms S-8 and on File No. 333-227664 and File No. 333-239419 on Forms S-3 of Digital Ally, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statement of Digital Ally, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital Ally, Inc.

/s/ RBSM LLP

New York, NY March 31, 2023

Exhibit 23.1

## POWER OF ATTORNEY

Each person whose signature appears below, hereby authorizes and appoints Stanton E. Ross and Thomas J. Heckman or either of them as his attorneys-in-fact with full power of substitution and re-substitution, to sign and file on his behalf individually and in each such capacity stated, below, the Annual Report of Digital Ally, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any amendments thereto to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the NASDAQ Stock Market or similar body, and otherwise, as fully as such person could do in person, hereby verifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

| ## SIGNATURE AND TITLE  DATE  /s/ Stanton E. Ross  March 31, 2023  Stanton E. Ross, Director and Chief Executive Officer  /s/ Leroy C. Richie  March 31, 2023  Leroy C. Richie, Director  /s/ Michael J. Caulfield  March 31, 2023  Michael J. Caulfield, Director  /s/ Daniel F. Hutchins  March 31, 2023  Daniel F. Hutchins, Director  /s/ Christian J. Hoffmann, III  March 31, 2023  Christian J. Hoffmann, III, Director  /s/ Thomas J. Heckman  March 31, 2023  Thomas J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

EXHIBIT 24.1

EX-31.1

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC. CERTIFICATIONS

I, Stanton E. Ross , Chief Executive Officer of Digital Ally, Inc., certify that:

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Digital Ally, Inc.

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report.

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;

(c)  Disclosed  in  this  report  any  change  in  the  registrant's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  that  occurred  during  the  registrant's  most  recent  fiscal  quarter  (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

(d)  Disclosed  in  this  report  any  change  in  the  registrant's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  that  occurred  during  the  registrant's  most  recent  fiscal  quarter  (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

- (b)  Any  fraud,  whether  or  not  material,  that  involves  management  or  other  employees  who  have  a  significant  role  in  the  registrant's  internal  controls  over  financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2023

By: /s/ Stanton E. Ross

## STANTON E. ROSS

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

EXHIBIT 31.1

EX-31.2

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC. CERTIFICATIONS

I, Thomas J. Heckman , Chief Financial Officer of Digital Ally, Inc., certify that:

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Digital Ally, Inc.

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report.

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(c)  Disclosed  in  this  report  any  change  in  the  registrant's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  that  occurred  during  the  registrant's  most  recent  fiscal  quarter  (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

(d)  Disclosed  in  this  report  any  change  in  the  registrant's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  that  occurred  during  the  registrant's  most  recent  fiscal  quarter  (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
2. (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
3. (b)  Any  fraud,  whether  or  not  material,  that  involves  management  or  other  employees  who  have  a  significant  role  in  the  registrant's  internal  controls  over  financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2023

By: /s/ Thomas J. Heckman

## THOMAS J. HECKMAN

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

EXHIBIT 31.2

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 19 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Digital Ally, Inc. (the 'Company') on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), I, Stanton E. Ross ,  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the  Company,  certify,  pursuant  to  18  U.S.C.  §  1350,  as  adopted pursuant to §906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ Stanton E. Ross

## STANTON E. ROSS

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

March 31, 2023

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Digital Ally, Inc. and will be retained by Digital Ally, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

EXHIBIT 32.1

## DIGITAL ALLY, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 19 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Digital Ally, Inc. (the 'Company') on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), I, Thomas J. Heckman, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to §906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

- (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
- (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ Thomas J. Heckman

## THOMAS J. HECKMAN

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

March 31, 2023

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Digital Ally, Inc. and will be retained by Digital Ally, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

EXHIBIT 32.2