ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22 A year of Several Firsts

<!-- image -->

Advisory Design Management

## Content

| Corporate Information  Message from the Leader  About the Company  Company Vision, Mission &amp; Values  Board of Directors  Integrated Management System  ESG  Strategic focus for growth  Directors' Report  Management Discussion and Analysis  Independent auditor's report  Financial Statements  Notice  1.  2.  3.  4.  5.  6.  7.  8.  9.  10.  11.  12.  1  3  5  10  12  14  15  17  18  38  45  61  79   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

13.

## Board of Directors

- Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal, Chairman &amp; Managing Director 1.
- Ms. Rachana Agrawal, Independent Director 3.
- Ms. Neelam Mittal, Whole Time Director 2.
- Mr. Janardan Choudhary, Independent Director (Ceased w.e.f May 23, 2022) 4.
- Mr.  Bangam  Prasad  Rao,  Non-Executive  Director  (Change  in  designation  from  Independent Director w.e.f May 18, 2022) 6.
- Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati, Independent Director (Appointed w.e.f. May 18, 2022) 5.
- Mr. Naresh Kumar Mathur, Non-Executive Director (Ceased w.e.f May 23, 2022) 7.
- Mr. Surajit Dutta, Non-Executive Director (Appointed w.e.f May 18, 2022) 8.

## Audit Committee (w.e.f May 18, 2022)

- Ms. Rachana Agrawal, Chairman 1.
- Mr. Surajit Dutta, Member 3.
- Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati, Member 2.

Nomination &amp; Remuneration Committee (w.e.f May 18, 2022)

- Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati, Chairman 1.
- Ms. Rachana Agrawal, Member 3.
- Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal, Member 2.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee (w.e.f May 18, 2022)

- Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati, Chairman 1.
- Mr. Surajit Dutta, Member 3.
- Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal, Member 2.

## Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Bal Mukund Kumar

Company Secretary &amp; Compliance Officer

Mr. Mayank (till March 31, 2022) Mr. Ravinder Kumar (w.e.f April 01, 2022)

## Statutory Auditors

A Y &amp; Company, Chartered Accountants, Jaipur

Registrar &amp; Share Transfer Agent (RTA)

Skyline Financial Services Private Limited

D-153/A, 1st floor, Phase I, Okhla Industrial Area, New Delhi, 110020 Email: info@skylinerta.com Tel.: 011-26812682, 40450193 to 97 Website: www.skylinerta.com

## Corporate Information

## Bankers

HDFC Bank Limited Punjab National Bank YES Bank

Corporate Identification Number (CIN)

L74900HR2009PLC039823

Registered Office

473, Sector-30, Faridabad Haryana, India 121003 Website: www.dmrengineering.net Email: dmr@dmrengineering.net Tel: +91 129 4360445

## Dear Shareholders,

It gives me immense pleasure to share with you all the                                   of the business and operations of DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited ('DMR' or 'Company') for the financial year ended March 31, 2022. The year 2021-22 was an exciting year for the Company.  On account of the successful Initial  Public Offering of the Company and subsequent listing of Company's shares at SME platform of BSE Limited on December 07, 2021, the size of the shareholders family of DMR has increased several fold. Further, during the year, we also expanded the Board of the Company by inducting new Directors with diversified talent profiles. 13th Annual Report

Although  during  the  year  2021-22,  we  had  to  face  the  second  wave  of  Covid-19  pandemic,  the resilience  demonstrated  by  our  valuable  employees  and  understanding  shown  by  our  customers helped us in achieving significant growth in revenues from our business operations.

As you are aware, DMR is in the engineering consulting business in the infrastructure sector. To remain competitive, we have to constantly upgrade our business delivery capabilities. To this end, we have to add new talent in our organization and significantly enhance the technical capabilities of our existing employees.  During  the  year,  we  procured  additional  engineering  softwares,  such  as  RS2  (for  Geo Technical  Analysis),  MIDAS  (Solid  Modeling  &amp;  FEM  Analysis)  for  use  by  our  operations  team  and  also added several new employees from engineering and management background. We have also put in place several  IT  Applications  to  streamline  the  functioning  of  our  expanding  organization.    While  the agility of our new age employees provides momentum to our service delivery, our senior experts provide mature advice and handholding to our young engineers.

During the year, we added several new customers in our business operation in India as well as in the international market. The faith reposed in us by new customers has been a happy experience for us. Recognition of our talent in Nepal, Lao PDR, Nigeria and Senegal has emboldened the morale of our employees.  We  look  to  international  markets  in  addition  to  domestic  market  as  future  growth opportunities for our organization.

Our  bid  engineering  services  are  appreciated  by  our  wide  spectrum  of  customers.  Our  construction engineering capabilities are being recognized by our new customers, who have reposed faith in us. Our design  &amp;  engineering  strength  for  feasibility  studies  are  already  well-known.  We  have  been  able  to impress our international customers in the due diligence and advisory services space.

Pumped storage projects (PSPs) have emerged as major investment opportunities in the energy markets across the globe in view of solar and wind power sources of  energy which are intermittent renewable energy sources. Our Company is trying to diversify our services in PSP projects, as a natural extension of our technical leadership in the Hydro power field. While we are associated with several important dams projects,  we  have  also  continued  to  provide  engineering  consulting  for  several  rail  &amp;  road  tunnel projects. We have also provided services for other infrastructure projects such as bridges, culverts, roads, Industrial  buildings,  water  tanks,  pump  houses  and  other  civil,  mechanical  and  electrical  engineering related  projects.  We  continue  to  work  on  several  infrastructure  projects  of  national  and  international projects. Our services in energy, water security and mobility sectors bring value to the customers and to the society in improving quality of life.

Our Company has in place an integrated management system which consists of Quality Management System (ISO 9001: 2015), Environmental Management System (ISO 14001: 2015) and Occupational Health and  Safety  Management  System  (ISO  45001:  2018).  Our  Company  is  committed  to  create  a  work environment that develops motivated and knowledgeable employees committed to our mission.

## Message from the Leader

As responsible corporate citizens, we are committed to protect the environment including prevention of pollution  by  reducing,  reusing  and  recycling  practices  in  our  working.  We  are  committed  to  achieve operational excellence and cost leadership by harnessing technology and the power of the team. We are  committed  to  develop  a  culture  of  continual  improvement  by  creating  an  environment  of  high performance and innovation.

In the course of our delivery of services, our engineers and experts continue to travel to interesting and scenic  locations  within  and  outside  the  country,  with  diversified  geological  terrain  and  culture.  This enables our teams to have wider exposure and first hand interaction with people around, thus enriching their experiences.

During  the  financial  year  2021-22,  DMR  became  the  first  MSME  Company  in  the  country  to  get  ESG (Environment, Social and Governance) rating from ESG Risk AI Limited.

Our  organization  strives  to  be  a  global  company  by  having  its  presence  both  in  developed  and developing  economies  across  the  globe  in  the  coming  10  years.  This  will  be  achieved  through management actions and continued guidance and support of shareholders, employees and customers.

Before I conclude, I once again express my gratitude to all our stakeholders in helping us to be humble and creative corporate citizen.

Subhash Chander Mittal Chairman &amp; Managing Director

<!-- image -->

## About the Company

DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited ('DMR' or 'Company') is engaged in the business  of  providing  engineering  consultancy and due diligence services to hydropower, dams, roads and railway tunnels etc. The services offered by our Company include entire life cycle of  projects  covering  design  &amp;  engineering,  due diligence &amp; regulatory, bid  management  &amp; construction engineering and quality &amp; inspection. Our company offers Hydro Engineering and Infrastructure services viz., Strategic Advisory, Due Diligence Studies, Project Viability Analysis, Cost Benefit Analysis, Risk Analysis,  Regulatory  Approvals,  Monitoring  and Evaluation, Geological Studies, Hydrological Studies,  Hydraulic  Studies,  Hydraulic  Design  of Structures,  Geotechnical  Design  of  Surface  and Underground  Structures,  Structural  Design  and Analysis,  Dynamic  Analysis,  Numerical  Analysis, Instrumentation Analysis,  Detailed  Design  and Drawings, Bid level Designs and Drawings, Detailed Project Report, Feasibility Report, Layout Studies and Alternatives Analysis, Design Review, As Built Drawings, Bid documents, Bill of Quantities, Construction Planning and Scheduling, Construction Management and Method Statements, Design and Engineering Support  During  Construction,  Rate  Analysis  and Cost Estimates, Contract Management,

Procurement Management, Project Management, Project Commissioning, Completion Report, QA/QC plans, Quality Assurance  at  Site,  Pre-Dispatch  Inspection,  Third Party  Inspection,  Safety  Inspection  and  O  &amp;  M stage Inspection.

Domestically,  we  have  our  presence  across  11 states and internationally, we provide our services to over 5 countries including Nepal, Nigeria, UAE, Germany and Senegal.

Our Company  is promoted  by Mr.  Subhash Chander  Mittal and  Ms. Neelam  Mittal.  Our Promoters manage and control the affairs of our business operations with their considerable experience in the Industry.

Our Company is accredited with various certificates  such  as  ISO  9001:  2015,  ISO  14001: 2015 and ISO 45001:2018 for providing consultancy  services  for  hydro  engineering  and infrastructure sector. Our Company is the Corporate Member of several professional organizations such as consulting Engineers association  of  India  (CEAI),  Indian  Society  of Hydraulics, and Indian Society of Rock Mechanics &amp; Tunnelling technology.

The financial performance of the Company over the past some years is provided below:

<!-- image -->

## Business Operations of the Company

Our company is engaged in engineering consultancy services to several infrastructure sectors including Hydropower  include  small  Hydro,  Renewable,  Water  Resource,  Dams,  barrages&amp;  weirs,  Roads  and Railway tunnels, Mining, Urban Infrastructure. Our Company offers services for Strategic Advisory, Due Diligence  Studies,  Project  Viability  Analysis,  Cost  Benefit  Analysis,  Risk  Analysis,  Regulatory  Approvals, Monitoring and Evaluation, Geological Studies, Hydrological Studies, Hydraulic Studies, Hydraulic Design of  Structures,  Geotechnical  Design  of  Surface  and  Underground  Structures,  Structural  Design  and Analysis, Dynamic Analysis, Numerical Analysis, Instrumentation Analysis, Detailed Design and Drawings, Bid  level  Designs  and  Drawings,  Detailed  Project  Report,  Feasibility  Report,  Layout  Studies  and Alternatives  Analysis,  Design  Review,  As  Built  Drawings,  Bid  documents,  Bill  of  Quantities,  Construction Planning and Scheduling, Construction Management and Method Statements, Design and Engineering Support  During  Construction,  Rate  Analysis  and  Cost  Estimates,  Contract  Management,  Procurement Management, Project Management, Project Commissioning, Completion Report, QA/QC plans, Quality Assurance at Site, Pre-Dispatch Inspection, Third Party Inspection, Safety Inspection and O &amp; M stage Inspection.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Sectors Covered

## 1.  Hydropower including Small Hydro

We  provide  concept  to  commissioning  services  in  the  hydropower  and  small  hydro  sector.  We  are specialized in troubleshooting technical bottlenecks in the assignment thus delivering enhanced value to our customers. Till now we have completed 53 assignments in this sector.

## 2.  Renewables

We provide concept to commissioning services in the renewables sector. We provide services in  the wind,  solar  and  small  hydropower  renewable  energy  segments.  Till  now  we  have  completed  24 assignment in this sector.

## 3.  Water Resources, Dams, Barrages &amp; Weirs

We provide end to end services in the water resources, dams and barrages sector. Till now we have completed 24 assignments in this sector.

## 4.  Rail Tunnel and Road Tunnel

We provide  end  to  end  services  in  the  rail  tunnel  and  road  tunnels  sector.  The  project  components include  open  excavation,  cut  and  cover,  portals,  cross  passages  in  tunnels.  We  are  specialized  in numerical analysis,  back  analysis,  detailed  geotechnical  design  (NATM,  NTM),  structural  lining  design, bid engineering and site supervision of tunnels in soft ground, weak rocks as well as hard jointed rocks. We also  provide  ventilation,  lighting  and  power  supply  services  for  tunnel  systems.  Till  now  we  have completed 20 assignments related to engineering of Railway Tunnels and Road Tunnels.

## 5.  Mining

We provide geotechnical engineering related services to mining sector. We have provided services for mine  excavation  slope  stability  analysis,  underground  openings  design,  earthen  bund/Tailing  Dam design for mining projects. Till now, we have completed 1 assignment in this sector.

## 6.  Urban Infrastructure

We provide structural design of overhead water tanks (OHT), water intakes, pump house structures. We also  provide  services  for  structural  design  of  sub-station  foundations,  DG  rooms,  roof  trusses,  industrial buildings and other civil engineering structures such as bridge design, culvert design and open channels. Till now we have completed 1 (one) assignment in this sector.

## Our Presence

## 1.  Geographical presence in both domestic and international markets

Our  Company  deals  in  Business  to  Business  (B2B)  category  and  caters  to  both  domestic  and international  markets.  Domestically,  we  have  our  presence  across  11  states  such  as  Uttar  Pradesh, Himachal  Pradesh,  Delhi,  Noida,  Arunachal  Pradesh,  Uttarakhand,  Telangana,  Odisha,  Maharashtra, Rajasthan, and Punjab. Internationally, we have executed assignments in around 5 countries including Nepal, Nigeria, Dubai, Germany and Senegal.

Year wise contribution from domestic and international operations are as below:

<!-- image -->

## 2.  Established presence in diversified sectors

We provide  consultancy  services  across  diverse  sectors  such  as  hydropower  and  small  hydro  sector, renewable,  water  resources,  dams,  barrages  &amp;  weirs,  rail  tunnels,  road  tunnels,  mining  and  urban infrastructure. The sector wise revenue break up for the financial years 2021-22 is mentioned below.

## (Amount in Lakhs)

<!-- image -->

Year - 2021-22

<!-- image -->

DMR

<!-- image -->

## Vision

The Company is committed to becoming a Global Infrastructure Consulting Company of high repute working on various projects across multiple countries and sectors, consistently delivering high-quality solutions.

<!-- image -->

The Company aims to partner with our customers to deliver robust and world-class infrastructure solutions to our communities.

## Values

## Integrity and Transparency

The Company strives to be a long-term reliable partner. We recognize our responsibility in creating robust  infrastructure  and  partner  with  our  customers  in  realizing  their  vision  for  the  project, delivering accurate results every time.

## Design and Engineering Partner

DMR commits to bring in global best practices in Design and Engineering to all its projects. Our research and development initiatives help in adapting global best practices to local conditions.

## Customer Centric

Our primary focus is on the needs of our customers and their projects. Our team structure and delivery  models  are  aligned  to  this  core  principle  of  ensuring  the  success  of  our  customers' projects.

## What Defines Us?

<!-- image -->

## Multi-disciplinary Experts

DMR has experienced experts from varied disciplines of engineering and project management. Our team takes care of the multifaceted requirements of each project.

<!-- image -->

## Customer Focus

DMR understands the client's ultimate goals and the conditions at play to derive solutions. DMR solutions are designed to fit the unique requirements and challenges of the project.

<!-- image -->

## Established Collaborations

<!-- image -->

## End to End Solutions

DMR collaborates with specialised technical teams, where required. This complements our skill sets and brings in a multi-domain understanding to the solution design.

DMR's offerings include the entire life cycle of projects covering inception, engineering design, procurement, construction, commissioning, observation, and measurement.

<!-- image -->

## Stakeholder Perspective

DMR has enabled various assignments adding significant value to projects, customers, end users and the society. We design solutions according to stakeholders needs.

<!-- image -->

## Ms. Neelam Mittal,

is  Promoter and Executive Director of the Company. She has been on the  Board  of  the  Company  since  incorporation.  She  holds  Master degree in Economics from Kurukshetra University. She holds more than a  decade  experience  in  the  field  of  engineering  industry  consulting business.  She  leads  and  mentors  the  human  resource  department  of the Company.

<!-- image -->

## Ms. Rachana Agrawal,

is  Independent  Director  of  the  Company.  She  is  a  Fellow  member  of the Institute of Chartered Accountant of India. She has also completed practical training and  has  passed  the Information System Audit Assessment Test conducted by The Institute of Chartered Accountant of India, in 2013. She has more than 30 years professional experience in finance and accounts.

## Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao,

is Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds the degree in B. Sc (Engineering) Civil from Regional Engineering College Rourkela, India. Prior  to  working  with  our  Company,  he  was  employed  with  NHPC Limited as General Manager. He has more than 35 years of experience in  the  field  of  construction  management.  He  has  implemented  a number of land mark hydro power projects in the country such as Indira Sagar, HEP 1000 MW and Omkareshwar HEP 400 MW.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

DMR

## Board of Directors

## Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal

is  a  Promoter  as  well  as  Chairman  and  Managing  Director  of  the Company.  He  has  been  on  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company since incorporation. He holds the degree in Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering from Regional Engineering College of Kurukshetra University, Haryana, India. He has diverse experience of more than 37 years in the field of engineering consulting industry. He has contributed immensely in  the  engineering  of  large  infrastructure  projects  in  water sector,  energy  sector  and  mobility  sector.  He  looks  after  the  overall business  operations  of  the  Company  including  technical  operations, strategy and marketing plans of our Company.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati,

is  an  Independent  Director  of  the  Company.  He  is  a  high  achieving individual  and  an  enthusiastic  learner  who  has  a  keen  interest  in finance  with  MBA  (Finance)  qualification.  Currently  he  is  associated with  one  of  the  leading  SAP  Services  &amp;  Implementation  Partner Company in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. He has well rounded experience in business management from managing business strategies to managing operations  to  providing  board  level  oversights  &amp;  governance.  He  is passionate  about  helping  SME  and  Start-up  mentoring.  His  areas  of work include credit analysis, equity research, corporate  finance, investment banking and IT industry. He has spent 15 years in corporate organizations  such  as  BSE  India,  CARE  Ratings,  Marwari  Shares  &amp; Finance and CRISIL Limited.

## Mr. Surajit Dutta,

is  a  Non-executive Director of the Company. He is Fellow member of the Institute of Cost Accountants of India and MBA (Finance). He has about  34  year  post  qualification  experience  in  PSUs.  He  worked  in NHPC  Limited  for  19  years  up  to  the  position  of  Senior  Manager (Finance).  Subsequently,  he  joined  as  Additional  General  Manager (Finance)  in  IRCON  International  Ltd.  a  leading  Railways  PSU,  He reached upto the position of Executive Director (Finance), CFO, Chief Investors  Relation  Officer  in  IRCON.  He  worked  as  Director  in  many Subsidiary  Companies  of  IRCON  and  Joint  Ventures.  He  has  also worked  in  CCFB,  a  Railway  JV  Company  of  CFM,  RITES  &amp;  IRCON  in Mozambique as Director (Finance). He has vast experience in all fields of Finance &amp; Accounts.

<!-- image -->

## Integrated Management System (IMS)

(Incorporating ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018)

We, at DMR, are engaged in the business of providing Services for Hydro Engineering &amp; Infrastructures related assignment and are committed to the following:

## Robust People Practices

- Empower  all  employees  to  create,  implement  and  improve  our  services  to  meet  and  exceed external and internal interested parties' expectations. i.
- Provide training to all our personnel for Continuous Process Improvement (CPI). iii.
- Create work environment that develops motivated and knowledgeable employees committed to our mission. ii.
- Continuous  Process  Improvement  will  be  driven  towards  improved  customer  satisfaction  and enhanced customer loyalty. iv.
- Ensure  a  safe  workplace  by  minimizing  the  risks,  improve  occupational  health  of  our  employees, and develop safety culture. v.

## Responsible Corporate Citizenship

- Protect environment including prevention of pollution by reducing, reusing and recycling practices in our working. i.
- Meeting  regulatory  compliance  requirements  related  to  Quality  aspect  in  assignment,  Health  &amp; Safety and Environment to our activities. iii.
- Support  the  creation  of  a  sustainability  future  of  our  planet  by  minimizing  the  usages  of  natural resources and mitigating the impact on the environment when Assignment/Project are executed. ii.
- To be proactive and prevent accidents from occurring rather than just reacting to incidents and correcting the contributing factors. iv.

## Cost Leadership

Achieve operational excellence and cost leadership by harnessing technology and the power of the team.

## Innovation &amp; Excellence

- Develop a culture of continual improvement by creating an environment of high performance and innovation. i.
- Team members shall ensure that the above are provided and implemented in the Company. ii.

<!-- image -->

## Commitment to our Countryʼs Environmental, Social and Governance Aspects (ʻESGʼ)

## Overview

The magic abbreviation being increasingly used the world over to appraise and filter companies is  'ESG'.  ESG  has  therefore  emerged  as  a  litmus test,  being  used  by  analysts,  opinion  makers, governance agencies, media, communities and bankers  to  appraise  the  quality  of  corporate managements. This has helped extend the appraisal  discipline  beyond  the  Balance  Sheet. In a number of instances, this appraisal has been extended backwards to ESG with the perspective  that  soon  the  effects  of  high/low compliance will inevitably translate to the Balance Sheet.

## What is ESG?

ESG  is  the  abbreviated  form  of  EnvironmentalSocial-Governance. The environment segment of the business addresses the various initiatives taken  by  the  company  to  moderate  its  carbon footprint through a responsible utilization of finite resources  coupled  with  extensive  compliances. The Social component of ESG comprises a mix of the company's relationships - with vendors (land, capital equipment and raw materials), employees,  customers  and  communities.  The Governance component comprises a review of how the company intends to manage its business, comprising an understanding of processes, practices and systems. The combination of E, S and G covers virtually every relevant aspect of a company's  operations critical  to  its  sustainability.  While  the  extent  of compliance can vary from company to company,  there  is  a  growing  recognition  that even  a  company  beginning  to  respect  ESG standards is inevitably graduating toward  a global  benchmark  likely  to  be  understood  and respected anywhere in the world. But there is a contribution of ESG that extends beyond compliance.

## DMR and ESG Digital Approach for sustainable Environment

As  a  responsible  corporate  citizen  'DMR'  strives to respect, protect, and make efforts to restore the environment by utilizing natural and manmade resources in an optimal and responsible manner and ensure the sustainability of resources by reducing, reusing, recycling, and managing waste. We continuously seek to improve environmental performance by adopting and promoting use of energy-efficient and environment-friendly technologies. We shifted most of our IT infrastructure to the cloud to enable all our team members across geographies working in a hybrid model. We also extend  this  further  to  support  our  customers seamlessly from a remote work environment. This results  again in considerable savings in terms of power usage at our offices. We adopt measures to  conserve  energy  by  using  energy-efficient computers and equipment with latest technologies, which would help in conservation of energy.

Another simple way to have a huge impact on the environment is through reducing  paper consumption, by turning paper documents into electronic ones and  eliminating  paper  from workflows. By reducing paper usage, we create a direct impact on reducing the carbon footprint. Going paperless helps to reduce CO2 (carbon dioxide) emissions.

We, at DMR, consciously choose to print only the important  documents  and  avoid  unnecessary paper consumption to further reduce the carbon  footprint.  Our  approach  is  focused  on delivering seamless digital experience and solutions to our customers with end-to-end capabilities  spanning  the  digital  lifecycle.  We have  also cut down  on  work-related travel promptly and effectively. In addition to securing the  wellbeing  of  our  people,  reduced  workrelated  travel  also  contributes  to  lesser  carbon footprint.

## Our people- Diversity &amp; Inclusion

At  DMR,  we  engage  with  our  team  on  their wellbeing. People are one of the most important limb of an organization. Our people are integral to  our  business  and  their  happiness  is  of  utmost importance. Our systems, policies, and practices are crafted to nurture an open culture, enabling our people to discover their potential  and participate in shaping their own work-life balance. This is how we make a difference.

We believe Diversity &amp; Inclusion in an organisation  is  a  journey  and  not  a  destination. At  DMR,  we  strive  to  ensure  that  everyone  can retain their identity that  reflects their  cultural experiences  and  feelings.  We  believe  that  no one should be discriminated against because of their  differences,  such  as  age,  ability,  ethnicity, gender, expression, or religion. We remain committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace, where people can be who they are and be their best, professionally, and personally. DMR focuses on building and sustaining a strong, diverse, equitable &amp; inclusive culture by implementing new programs and policies, guided  by  the  feedback  we  receive  from  our stakeholders.

## Ethical  Practices  to  attain  the  highest  level  of Governance

The 'G' in ESG refers to the governance factors of decision-making, from sovereigns' policymaking  to  the  distribution  of  rights  and responsibilities among different participants in the Organization,  including  the  board  of  directors, employees, shareholders, and other stakeholders.  Governance  factors  indicate  the rules  and  procedures  for  the  organizations,  and allow investors to screen for appropriate governance practices as they would for environmental and social factors. The purpose of the organization, the role of boards of directors, shareholder rights and how the corporate performance is  measured  are  core  elements  of corporate governance structures.

The  Company  also  places  great  emphasis  on values such as empowerment and integrity of its employees,  transparency  in  decision  making process,  fair  and  ethical  dealings  with  all  and accountability to all the stakeholders.  These practices which are being followed since inception  have  contributed  to  the  Company's sustained growth. Further, the Company is committed to conduct its business in accordance with the applicable laws, rules, and regulations  with  highest  standards  of  business ethics, governance, integrity, and responsibility.

The Company firmly believes, Corporate Governance  is  not  just  a  destination,  but  a journey to constantly improve sustainable value creation.

## DMR ESG Rating

Our Company has achieved sustainability grade of  Three  Stars  by  2021  ESG  Risk  AI  Sustainability Grade. We became First SME Company in India to  voluntarily  subject  itself  for  ESG  rating.  We obtained an overall score of 53 out of 100.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Strategic focus for growth

- Cost leadership by maximize asset utilization; i
- Widen the market and the company's share; ii
- Robust people practices by creating people centric policies, Industry-benchmarked Remuneration, Work-life balance for Employees, Fair and equitable compensation structure, High retention, renewal, motivation and outperformance; iii
- Need to enhance talent productivity; iv
- Need to generate rising revenues and profits per person employed; v
- Expand our international presence; vi
- Focus on acquiring reputable, credit-worthy clients by providing integrated, end-to-end solutions and continue to provide additional services to existing clients; vii
- Focusing on measurable improvements; viii
- Focus on further diversifying  our  services  in  Mechanical,  Electrical,  Automation,  IT  and  Technology areas;. ix
- Responsible corporate citizenship; x
- Stakeholder value creation; xi
- Need to establish credibility as a well-rounded organization xii

<!-- image -->

## Dears Members,

Your Directors are pleased to present the                        Report on the business and operations of 13th Annual Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited DMR ('Company') along with the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2022.

## 1. FINANCIAL SUMMARY AND HIGHLIGHTS

The financial performance of the Company is summarized below:

## Directorsʼ Report

## (Amount in Lakhs)

| Particulars  For the year ended  31.03.2022  For the year ended  31.03.2021  I  Revenue from Operations  353.45  240.73  II  Other Income  3.57  2.53  III  Total Revenue (I+II)  357.02  243.26  IV  Total expenses (IV)  266.05  161.12  V  Profit before tax (III-IV)  90.97  82.15  VI  Tax Expense  1 Current Tax  21.41  21.58  2 Deferred Tax  0.90  -0.22  Total Tax Expense (VI)  22.31  21.36  VII  Profit/(Loss) for the period (V-VI)  68.65  60.79  VIII  Earnings per equity share  (1) Basic  2.15  2.08  (2) Diluted  2.15  2.08   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 2.  OPERATIONS AND STATE OF AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY

During the Financial year 20221-22, the Company  witnessed  a  growth  of  46.8%  in  its revenue  from  operations  i.e.  from  Rs.  243.26 Lakhs in the previous year to Rs. 357.02 Lakhs in the  current  year.  Further,  the  net  profit  of  the Company  grew  by  12.93%  i.e.  from  Rs.  60.79 Lakhs  in  the  previous  year  to  Rs.  68.65  Lakhs  in the current year.

The overall performance of the Company during financial year 2021-22, reinforces the effectiveness of the initiatives undertaken by the Company's Management leveraging better business opportunities.

## 3.  DIVIDEND

The  Board  of  Directors  in  its  meeting  held  on August  18,  2022,  has  recommended  to  the shareholders  a  final  dividend  of  Rs.  0.10/-  per equity share for the financial year 2021-22., The final  dividend,  if  declared  as  above,  would entail a total outflow of approx. Rs. 3.73 lakh. The dividend  payment  is  subject  to  approval  of members  at  the  ensuing  13th  Annual  General Meeting.

## 4.  TRANSFER TO RESERVES

The Board  of Directors did not  propose  to transfer any amount to the reserves.

## 5.  CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

During  the  period  under  review,  the  authorized share  capital  of  the  Company  was  increased from Rs. 2,00,00,000 divided into 20,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each to Rs. 4,00,00,000 divided into  40,00,000  equity  shares  of  Rs.  10/-  each  at the 12th Annual General Meeting held  on September 25, 2021.

At  the  same  AGM,  the  Company  had  allotted 1,46,41,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each by way of bonus issue in the ratio of 1:1, and consequently, the paid up capital of the Company  was increased to Rs. 2,92,82,000 divided  into  29,28,200  equity  shares  of  Rs.  10/each.

Subsequently, the Company had carried out the Initial Public Offering of its 9,96,000 equity shares comprising of fresh issue of 7,98,000 equity shares and offer for sale of 1,98,000 equity shares by Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal, Managing Director, for a cash price of Rs. 21/each  including  a premium  of  Rs.  11/-  each.  Consequently,  the paid up capital of the Company was increased to  Rs.  3,72,62,000  divided  into  37,26,200  equity shares of Rs. 10/- each.

## 6.  LISTING OF SHARES

The Equity Shares of the Company were listed on the SME Platform of BSE Limited with scrip code No. 543410 on December 07, 2021. The Company confirms that the annual listing fees to BSE  Listed  for  the  financial  year  2021-22  and 2022-23 has been duly paid.

## 7.  SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES OR ASSOCIATE COMPANIES

The Company did not have any Subsidiary, Joint Venture or Associate Company  during the Period under Review.

## 8. CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS

There  was  no  change  in  the  nature  of  the business  of  your  Company  during  the  Period under review.

## 9. COVID-19 AND ITS IMPACT

During  the  2nd  wave  of  the  Pandemic,  the country faced a lot of difficulties due to higher infections. Your Company managed to navigate  well  through  these  difficult  situations with the support of its  employees  and  the Management. There was no major disruption in the  Operations  of  the  Company.  However,  the Board and the Management are committed to closely  monitor  these  type  of  situations  and  to take all necessary measures, in the interests of all stakeholders of the Company.

## 10.  DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant  to  Section  134(3)(c)  read  with  Section 134(5) of the Act, the Directors of your Company, to the best of their knowledge, belief and ability and explanations obtained by them, state that:

- In  the  preparation  of  the  annual  accounts for the financial year ended March 31, 2022, the  applicable  accounting  standards  have been  followed  and  there  are  no  material departures  from  the  prescribed  accounting standards; a)

- The Directors have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent, so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of your Company at the end of the financial year 2021-22 and of the profit and loss of your Company for that period; b)
- The Directors have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Act, for safeguarding the assets of your Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities; c)
- The  Directors  have  prepared  the  annual accounts on a going concern basis; d)
- The Directors have laid down internal financial  controls  to  be  followed  by  your Company  and  that  such  internal  financial controls  are  adequate  and  were  operating effectively; e)
- The Directors have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems were adequate and operating effectively. f)

## 11. DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

As  on  March  31,  2022,  the  Board  of  the Company  was  duly  constituted  with  6  (Six) Directors  comprising  of  1  (One)  Managing Director, 1 (One) Whole-Time Director, 1 (One)  Non-Executive  Director  and  3  (Three) Independent Directors.

During the Period under review, the office of Mr. Mukul Bahuguna, (DIN:08612093) Director was  retired  by  rotation  and  was  not  reappointed by the members  in the 12th Annual General Meeting held on September 25,  2021.  Further,  Mr.  Dibyajyoti  Sinha  (DIN: 08745568) had resigned from the directorship of the Company w.e.f September 30, 2021.

Further, during the year under review, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Mr. Janardan Choudhary (DIN: 07871968),  Mr.  Bangam  Prasad  Rao  (DIN: 09335571) and Ms. Rachana Agrawal (DIN:

09336019) as Independent Directors of the Company for a term of 5 years w.e.f September 30, 2021 to September 29, 2026. In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Janardan Choudhary, Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao and Ms. Rachana Agrawal, Independent  Directors  are  persons  of  integrity and  have  the  relevant  expertise,  experience and proficiency as required under the Act.

The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  in  its meeting  held  on  May  18,  2022  has  appointed Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati (DIN: 09592327) as an Independent Director of the Company for a term  of  5  (five)  consecutive  years  with  effect from  May  18,  2022,  subject  to  the  approval  of the shareholders of the Company in the upcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Further,  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company in  its  meeting  held  on  May  18,  2022  has  also appointed  Mr.  Surajit  Dutta  (DIN:  06687032)  as Non-executive  Director  of  the  Company,  with effect  from  May  18,  2022  who  shall  hold  the office till the upcoming annual general meeting of  the  Company,  and  his  appointment  will  be placed for regularization before the shareholders for their approval in the  upcoming  Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Further,  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company in  its  meeting  held  on  May  18,  2022  has  also approved  the  change  in  designation  of  Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao (DIN: 09335571) from Independent Director to Non-executive Director of the Company, with effect from May 18, 2022 subject  to  the  approval  of  the  shareholders  in the  upcoming  Annual  General  Meeting  of  the Company.

Subsequently,  Mr.  Janardan  Choudhary  (DIN: 07871968),  and  Mr.  Naresh  Kumar  Mathur  (DIN: 08632404) were ceased to be the Independent Director and Non-executive Director of the Company  respectively with effect from the closing hours of May 23, 2022.

Pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  Section  152  of  the Companies Act, 2013 and Articles of Association of the Company, Ms. Neelam Mittal, Whole-time Director, will be liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing  annual  general  meeting  and  being eligible, has offered herself for re-appointment.

<!-- image -->

In terms of Section 203 of the Act, the following are the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company:

- Mr.  Subhash  Chander  Mittal,  Chairman  &amp; Managing Director i.
- Mr. Bal Mukund Kumar, Chief Financial Officer iii.
- Ms. Neelam Mittal, Whole Time Director ii.
- Mr. Mayank, Company Secretary &amp; Compliance Officer (till March 31, 2022) iv.
- Mr.  Ravinder  Kumar,  Company  Secretary  &amp; Compliance Officer (w.e.f April 01, 2022) v.

## 12.  DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

All the Independent Directors of your Company have  submitted  their  declarations  confirming that they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act, read with rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification  of  Directors)  Rules,  2014  and  are not disqualified from continuing as Independent Directors of your Company.

Further,  all  the  Independent  Directors  of  your Company have complied with the requirement of  inclusion  of  their  names  in  the  Databank  of Independent  Directors  maintained  by  Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.

Further, in the opinion of Board of Directors, the Independent Directors of the Company are the persons of integrity and possess relevant expertise and experience (including the proficiency).

## 13.  POLICY ON REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, KMPS, AND OTHER EMPLOYEES

The  remuneration  paid  to  the  Directors,  KMPs and employees of the Company is in accordance with its Nomination and Remuneration  Policy  formulated  under  Section 178 of the Act.

The  Remuneration  Policy  of  the  Company  has been formulated to create a high-performance culture in the Company. It enables the Company to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve results. Our Business Model promotes customer centricity and requires  employee  mobility  to  address  project needs. This Policy sets out the guiding principles for the Nomination and Remuneration Committee for recommending to the Board the remuneration  of  the  directors,  KMPs  and  other employees of the Company. The Remuneration

Policy duly approved by the Board of Directors, is uploaded on the website of the Company. The web link to the Remuneration Policy is as under:

http://www.dmrengineering.net/demo2/wpcontent/uploads/2022/07/RemunerationPolicy.pdf

## 14.  NUMBER OF BOARD MEETINGS &amp; COMMITTEE MEETINGS

## BOARD MEETINGS

The  Board  meets  at  regular  intervals  to  discuss and decide on business  strategies/policies  and review the financial performance of the Company, apart from other statutory matters as required  to  be  deliberated  and  approved  by the  Board.  The  notice  and  detailed  agenda along with the relevant notes and other material information  are  sent  in  advance  separately  to each Director.

During  the  Period  under  Review,  the  Board  of Directors met 16 times i.e. on April 05, 2021, April 08,  2021,  April  15,  2021,  May  31,  2021,  June  25, 2021, July 20, 2021, August 21, 2021, September 30,  2021,  October  04,  2021,  October  12,  2021, October 30, 2021, November 16, 2021, December 03, 2021, December 18, 2021, January 07, 2022, March 26, 2022.

All the meetings were held with gap of less than 120 days.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

In terms of the requirements of Section 177 of the Act,  the  Company  has  constituted  the  Audit Committee.  The  Committee  inter  alia  reviews the Financial Statements before they are placed before the Board, related party transactions, the internal control system, reports of Internal Auditor and compliance of various Regulations.

As on March 31, 2022, the Committee consisted of Ms. Rachana Agrawal, Independent Director, Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao, Independent Director, Mr. Naresh Kumar Mathur, Non-executive Director of the Company. Ms. Rachana Agrawal acted as the Chairperson of the Committee.

During the Period under Review, one (1) meeting of the Audit Committee was held.

Due  to  change  in  the  Board  structure  of  the Company post March 31, 2022, the Committee

constitution  has  also  changed  and  the  same may be accessed  under  the  head  'Corporate Information' forming part of the Annual report.

## NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

In terms of the requirements of Section 178 of the Act, the Company has constituted the Nomination  &amp;  Remuneration  Committee.  The Committee inter alia identifies persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in the senior management.

As on March 31, 2022, the Committee consisted of Mr. Banagam  Prasad Rao, Independent Director, Mr. Janardan Choudhary, Independent Director, Mr. Naresh Kumar Mathur, Nonexecutive Director of the Company. Mr. Banagam Prasad Rao acted as the Chairperson of the Committee.

During the Period under Review, three (3) meetings  of  the  Nomination  &amp;  Remuneration Committee were held.

Due  to  change  in  the  Board  structure  of  the Company post March 31, 2022, the Committee constitution  has  also  changed  and  the  same may be accessed  under  the  head  'Corporate Information' forming part of the Annual report.

## STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

In terms of the requirements of Section 178 of the Act, the Company has constituted the Stakeholders' Relationship Committee. The Committee  inter  alia  reviews  the  grievance  of the security holders of the  Company  and redressal thereof.

As on March 31, 2022, the Committee consisted of Mr. Janardan Choudhary, Independent Director,  Ms.  Rachana  Agrawal,  Independent Director, Mr. Naresh Kumar Mathur, Nonexecutive Director of the Company. Mr. Janardan Choudhary acted as the Chairperson of the Committee.

During the Period under Review, one (1) meeting of the Stakeholders' Relationship Committee was held.

Due  to  change  in  the  Board  structure  of  the Company post March 31, 2022, the Committee constitution  has  also  changed  and  the  same may be accessed  under  the  head  'Corporate Information' forming part of the Annual report.

## 15. PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, the Independent Directors in their meeting held on March 25, 2022 had evaluated the performance of  Non-Independent  Directors,  Chairperson  of the Company after considering the views of the Executive and Non-Executive Directors, Board as a whole and assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness  of  flow  of  information  between  the Company's Management and the Board.

Further, the Board of Directors in its meeting held on March 26, 2022 carried out the performance evaluation  of  independent  directors,  and  the individual directors of the  Company  which excluded the Director being evaluated.

Further, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in its meeting held on May 18, 2022 had also carried out evaluation of performance of the  Board,  its  committees  and  individual directors.

The Board of Directors expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process.

## 16.  CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBIULITY

The provisions of Corporate Social Responsibility are not applicable to the Company during the Period under Review.

## 17.  STATEMENT IN RESPECT OF ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors had laid down adequate Internal Financial Controls  which  ensure  compliance with  various  policies,  practices  and  statutes  in keeping with the organization's pace of growth and  increasing complexity of operations for orderly and efficient conduct of its business.

The  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  internal financial  controls  of  the  Company  has  been regularly evaluated with regard to the following:

- Systems  have  been  laid  to  ensure  that  all transactions  are  executed  in  accordance with  management's  general  and  specific authorization. There are well-laid manuals for such general or specific authorization. i.
- Systems and procedures exist to ensure that all transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Financial Statements in conformity with Generally Accepted ii.

<!-- image -->

Accounting  Principles  or  any  other  criteria applicable to such statements, and to maintain accountability for  aspects  and  the timely preparation of reliable financial information.

- Access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general and  specific  authorization.  No  assets  of  the Company are allowed to be used for personal  purposes,  except  in  accordance with terms of  employment  or  except  as specifically permitted. iii.
- Proper  systems  are  in  place  for  prevention and  detection  of  frauds  and  errors  and  for ensuring adherence to the Company's policies. v.
- The existing assets  of  the  Company  are verified/checked at reasonable intervals and appropriate  action  is  taken  with  respect  to differences, if any. iv.

## 18.  DEPOSITS

During  the  Period  under  review,  the  Company did  not  invite  or  accept  any  deposits  from  the public in terms of Chapter V of the Act.

Further, the details of exempted deposits accepted  by  the  Company  during  the  Period under review, has been provided in the financial statements of the Company.

## 19.  PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES UNDER SECTION 188 OF THE ACT

All  related party transactions that were entered into  during  the  Period  under  review,  were  on arm's length basis and in the ordinary course of business.  No  materially  significant  related  party transactions  which  required  the  approval  of members,  were  entered  into  by  the  Company during the Period under review. Further, all related  party  transactions  entered  into  by  the Company are placed before the Audit Committee for its approval.

The particulars of the contracts or arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties as referred to in Section 134(3)(h) read with section 188(1) of  the  Act  and  rules  framed  thereunder,  in the                         are annexed and marked Form No. AOC-2

Annexure-I. as

## 20. LOANS, GUARANTEE AND INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186 OF THE ACT,

The  Company  has  not  granted  loans/provided guarantee/made investments under section 186 of the Act.

## 21.  STATUTORY AUDITORS

During  the  Period  under  Review,  M/s  Kamal Lakhani and Associates, Chartered Accountants,  the  erstwhile  statutory  auditors  of the Company resigned from the Company vide their resignation letter  dated  September  27, 2021.  The  Company  on  recommendation  of Board  of  Directors  at  its  Extra  Ordinary  General Meeting  held  on  October  04,  2021  appointed M/s  A  Y  &amp;  Company,  Chartered  Accountants, (Firm Registration No 020829C) as Statutory Auditors  of  the  Company  to  hold  the  office  till the  conclusion  of  upcoming  Annual  General Meeting of the Company in terms of provisions of section 139(8) of the Act.

The Statutory Auditors have submitted their Report on the Financial Statements of the Company,  which  forms part of the  Annual Report  for  the  financial  year  ended  March  31, 2022. The Auditor's Report read together with the notes to Accounts is self-explanatory and therefore, in the opinion of the Directors, do not call for any further explanation.

Further, the re-appointment of M/s. A Y  &amp; Company, Chartered Accountants for a term of 5 years will also be placed before the members for their approval in the  upcoming  Annual General Meeting.

The  Statutory  Auditors  have  given  their  consent for appointment and confirmed that they satisfy the criteria of independence, as required under the provisions  of  the  Act  and  hold  a  valid certificate  issued  by  the  Peer  Review  Board  of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

The  Members  are  requested  to  consider  and  if thought fit, to approve their appointment as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for a term of 5 years at the upcoming Annual General Meeting.

## 22.  SECRETARIAL AUDITOR

The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  at  its meeting held on March 26, 2022 had appointed M/s.  Ramraj  Thakur  and  Associates,  Practising Company Secretaries, (Firm Unique Code S2022MP847900)  as  Secretarial  Auditors  of  the Company  for  conducting  the  Secretarial  Audit of the financial year ended March 31, 2022.

The  Secretarial  Auditors  have  submitted  their report to the Board of Directors and the same is annexed herewith and marked as Annexure-II.

The  Secretarial  Audit  Report  does  not  contain any  qualification, qualification, reservation or adverse  remark.  Further,  the  Secretarial  Audit Report  is  self-explanatory  and  therefore,  in  the opinion  of  the  Directors,  do  not  call  for  any further explanation.

## 23.  INTERNAL AUDITOR

The  Board  of  Directors  in  its  meeting  held  on March  26,  2022  had  appointed  Mr.  Ramji  Ram Yadav, Senior vice President of the Company as Internal  Auditors  for  the  financial  year  2021-22 and 2022-23 to conduct the internal audit of the various  areas  of  operations  and  records  of  the Company.

The periodic reports of the said internal auditors are regularly placed before the Audit Committee  along  with  the  comments  of  the management  on  the  action  taken  to  correct any observed deficiencies on the working of the various departments.

## 24.  PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION UNDER SECTION 197(12) OF THE ACT

The information required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial  Personnel)  Rules,  2014,  is  annexed herewith as Annexure-III.

## 25.  ENERGY CONSERVATION, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION &amp; FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO

The information with respect to energy conservation, technology  absorption  and  foreign  earnings  and outgo is annexed herewith as Annexure-IV.

## 26.  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT

The Management Discussion and Analysis Report for  the  financial  year  2021-22,  pursuant  to  the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations,  2015  is  annexed  to this report and marked as Annexure-V.

## 27.  MAINTENANCE OF COST RECORDS

Your Company is not required to maintain cost accounting  records  as  specified  under  Section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies  (Cost  Records  and  Audit)  Rules, 2014.

## 28.  VIGIL MECHANISM &amp; WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 177 of the Act, the Company has framed a 'Whistle Blower Policy' to establish Vigil Mechanism for directors and  employees  to  report  genuine  concerns within  the  Company.  This  policy  provides  a process  to  disclose  information,  confidentially and  without  fear  of  reprisal or victimization, where there is reason to believe that there has been  serious  malpractice,  fraud,  impropriety, abuse or wrong doing within the Company. The Company ensures that no personnel have been denied access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee.

The  Policy  is  available  on  the  website  of  the Company at http://www.dmrengineering.net/demo2/wpcontent/uploads/2022/07/Whistle-BlowerPolicy.pdf

## 29.  RISK MANAGEMENT

The Company has put in place a risk management policy in order to inter alia ensure the proper risk identification, evaluation, assessment,  prioritization,  treatment,  mitigation, and  monitoring.  Further  the  risk  management policy  also  provides  a  demarcation  the  role  of the Board of Directors, and Audit Committee for the purpose effective Risk Management.

The Company follows a practice of identification of various risks pertaining to different businesses and functions of the Company,  which  may  threaten  its  existence from time to time.

<!-- image -->

Major risks elements associated with the businesses and functions of the Company have been identified and are being addressed systematically  through  mitigating  actions  on  a continuing basis.

The  Audit  Committee  under  the  supervision  of the  Board,  periodically  review  and  monitor  the steps  taken  by  the  Company  to  mitigate  the identified risks elements.

## 30.  DISCLOSURES WITH RESPECT TO DEMAT SUSPENSE ACCOUNT/ UNCLAIMED SUSPENSE ACCOUNT

The Company does not have any shares in the demat suspense account or unclaimed suspense account.

## 31.  FRAUD REPORTING

There was no fraud reported by the Auditors of the Company under Section 143(12) of the Act, to the Audit Committee or the Board of Directors during the Period under review.

## 32.  MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF YOUR COMPANY SINCE THE CLOSE OF FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2022 AND TO THE DATE OF THIS REPORT

There  have  been  no  other  material  changes and commitments affecting the financial position  of  the  Company  since  the  close  of financial year ended March 31, 2022 and to the date of this report.

## 33.  COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS

Your Company is in compliance with the applicable Secretarial  Standards,  issued  by  the Institute  of  Company  Secretaries  of  India  and approved  by  the  Central  Government  under Section 118(10) of the Act.

## 34.  ANNUAL RETURN

In terms of Section 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 12 of the Companies (Management  and  Administration)  Rules,  2014, the draft Annual Return of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 is available on the website of the Company at https://dmrengineering.net/annual-report/

The signed Annual Return shall be available on the website of the Company after the same is filed with the Registrar of Companies.

## 35.  DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS/COURTS/ TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND THE COMPANY'S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE

During  the  period  under  review,  there  were  no significant  and  material  orders  passed  by  any regulator/court/tribunal impacting the going concern status and the Company's operations in future.

## 36. DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE

The Company is committed to creating a safe and  healthy  work  environment,  where  every employee,  customer  and  other  individual  are treated  with  respect  and  are  able  to  work without fear of discrimination, prejudice, gender bias or any form of harassment at workplace.

The Company  has  in  place  an  Anti-Sexual harassment Policy  in  line  with  the  requirements of  the  Sexual  harassment  of  Women  at  the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition &amp; Redressal) Act, 2013.

Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) has been set up to redress complaints received regarding sexual  harassment.  All  employees  (permanent, contractual,  temporary,  trainees)  are  covered under this policy.

Your Directors state that during the year under review,  there  were  no  cases  filed  pursuant  to the Sexual harassment of Women at the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition &amp; Redressal) Act, 2013.

## 37.  DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016

There  was  no  such  instance  during  the  Period under review.

## 38. THE DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AMOUNT OF THE VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF  ONE  TIME  SETTLEMENT  AND  THE  VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH THE REASONS THEREOF.

There  was  no  such  instance  during  the  Period under review.

## 39. GREEN INITIATIVES

In  commitment to keep in line with the Green Initiatives and going beyond it, electronic copy of the Notice of 13th Annual General Meeting of the Company including the Annual Report for the Financial year 2021-22 are being sent to all Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company / Depository Participant(s).

## 40. APPRECIATION AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Your Board of Directors places on record its sincere thanks, appreciation and heartfelt gratitude for the continuing support of banks, vendors, clients, investors, Central Government, State Governments and other regulatory authorities who have wholeheartedly supported the Company in its prolific journey over more than 13 years.

Your Directors wish to place on record its deep sense of appreciation for the committed services by all the employees of the Company.

## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited

Subhash Chander Mittal Chairman &amp; Managing Director DIN: 02861072

Place: Faridabad

Date: 18.08.2022

Neelam Mittal Whole-time Director DIN: 02861064

<!-- image -->

## Annexure-I

## Form No. AOC-2

[Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]

## 1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm's length basis:

There  were  no  contracts  or  arrangements  or  transactions  entered  into  during  the  year  ended  31st March, 2022, which were not at arm's length basis.

## 2.  Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm's length basis:

There were no material contracts or arrangements or transactions for the year ended 31st March, 2022. Thus this disclosure is not applicable.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited

Subhash Chander Mittal Chairman &amp; Managing Director DIN: 02861072

Place: Faridabad

Date: 18.08.2022

Neelam Mittal Whole-time Director DIN: 02861064

## Annexure-II

## Form No. MR-3 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT OF DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURES LIMITED FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2022

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]

## To, The Members, DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURES LIMITED 473 SECTOR-30, FARIDABAD, HR 121003 IN

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURES LIMITED (CIN: L74900HR2009PLC039823) ('hereinafter called the Company') for financial year ended to March 31, 2022 (hereinafter  referred  to  as  'the  Audit  Period').  Secretarial  Audit  was  conducted  in  a  manner  that provided  us  a  reasonable  basis  for  evaluating  the  corporate  conducts/statutory  compliances  and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company's books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other  records  maintained  by  the  Company  and  also  the  information  provided  by  the  Company,  its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit and as per the explanations  given  to  us  and  the  representations  made  by  the  Management  of  the  Company,  we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company had during the Audit Period complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company had proper Board-processes and compliancemechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

- We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed during the Audit Period and other records maintained by the Company for the Audit Period, according to the provisions of the following laws: 1.
- I. The Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under and the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 1956;
- II. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the rules made thereunder;
- III. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
- IV. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent  of  Foreign  Direct  Investment,  Overseas  Direct  Investment  and  External  Commercial Borrowings;
- V. The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act'):-
- a. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
- b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
- c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,1992;

<!-- image -->

- d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
2. Provisions of the following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act') were not applicable to the Company under the audit period under report: 2.
- a. The Securities  and  Exchange Board of India (Employee Stock Option Scheme and Employee Stock Purchase Scheme) Guidelines, 1999;
- b. The Securities  and  Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;
- c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
- d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009;
- e. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 1998;
- f. As informed and certified by the Management of the Company there are no other laws, which are specifically applicable to the Company based on their sector/ industry.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India during the Audit Period. The Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above.

## We further report that:

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the audit period were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.

Adequate notices is  given  to  all  directors  to  schedule  the  Board  Meetings,  agenda  and  detailed notes  on  agenda  were  sent  in  advance  and  a  system  exists  for  seeking  and  obtaining  further information  and  clarifications  on  the  agenda  items  before  the  meeting  and  for  meaningful participation at the meeting.

All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings are carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committee of the Board, as the case may be.

We further  report  that  as  per  the  explanations  given  to  us  and  the  representations  made  by  the management and relied upon by us, there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

We further report that during the period under review, the Company has not undertaken any specific events/  actions  that  can  have  a  major  bearing  on  the  Company's  compliance  responsibility  in pursuance  of  the  above  referred  laws,  rules,  regulations,  guidelines,  standards,  etc.,  except  as follows:

## Increase in authorized share capital 1.

During the period under review, the authorized share capital of the Company was increased from Rs. 2,00,00,000 divided into 20,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each to Rs. 4,00,00,000 divided into 40,00,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each at the 12th Annual General Meeting held on September 25, 2021.

## Issue of Bonus shares 2.

During the Period under Review, the Company had allotted 1,46,41,000 equity shares of Rs. 10/-each by way of  bonus  issue  in  the  ratio  of  1:1,  and  consequently,  the  paid  up  capital  of  the  Company  was increased  to  Rs.  2,92,82,000  divided  into  29,28,200  equity  shares  of  Rs.  10/-  each  at  the  12th  Annual General Meeting held on September 25, 2021.

## Approved to carry out Initial Public Offering ('IPO') of the Company 3.

During the Period under Review, the Company had carried out the Initial Public Offering of its 9,96,000 equity  shares  comprising  of  fresh  issue  of  7,98,000  equity  shares  and  offer  for  sale  of  1,98,000  equity shares by Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal, Managing Director, for a cash price of Rs. 21/- each including a premium of Rs. 11/-  each.  Consequently,  the  paid  up  capital  of  the  Company  was  increased  to  Rs. 3,72,62,000 divided into 37,26,200 equity shares of Rs. 10/- each.

FOR RAMRAJ THAKUR &amp; ASSOCIATES                                                                         DATE: 10.08.2022 COMPANY SECRETARIES                                                                                              PLACE: SAGAR MP

RAMRAJ SINGH THAKUR PROPRIETOR ACS 51637 &amp; CP 25239 PEER REVIEW NO. - 1790/2022 UDIN:A051637D000773215

This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as 'ANNEXURE A' and forms an integral part of this report.

<!-- image -->

## ANNEXURE - A

(To the Secretarial Audit Report of DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURES LIMITED for the financial year ended March 31, 2022)

To, The Members, DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURES LIMITED 473, SECTOR-30, FARIDABAD HR 121003 IN

Our Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year 31st March, 2022 is to be read along with this letter.

## Management's Responsibility:-

- It  is  the  responsibility  of  the  management  of  the  Company  to  maintain  secretarial  records,  devise proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and operate effectively. 1.

## Auditor's Responsibility:-

- Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  these  secretarial  records,  standards  and  procedures followed by the Company with respect to secretarial compliances. 2.
- We  believe  that  audit  evidence  and  information  obtained  from  the  Company's  management  is adequate and appropriate for us to provide a basis for our opinion. 3.
- Wherever required, we have obtained the management's representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc. 4.

## Disclaimer :-

- The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the  efficacy  or  effectiveness  with  which  the  management  has  conducted  the  affairs  of  the Company. 5.
- We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of account of the Company. 6.

FOR RAMRAJ THAKUR &amp; ASSOCIATES                                                                         DATE: 10.08.2022 COMPANY SECRETARIES                                                                                              PLACE: SAGAR MP

RAMRAJ SINGH THAKUR PROPRIETOR ACS 51637 &amp; CP 25239 PEER REVIEW NO. - 1790/2022 UDIN:A051637D000773215

## Annexure-III

- A. Particulars of employees for the year ended March 31, 2022 as required under Section 197(12) of the Companies  Act,  2013  read  with  Rule  5  of  the  Companies  (Appointment  &amp;  Remuneration  of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
- i. The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the financial year 2021-22 is as under:

| Sl. No.  Name of Director  Designation  Ratio of the  remuneration of each  director to the median  remuneration of  employees  1.  Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal  Chairman and Managing  Director  1.86  2.  Ms. Neelam Mittal  Executive Director  1.16  3.  *Mr. Mukul Bahuguna  Executive Director  2.09  4.  **Mr. Dibyajyoti Sinha  Executive Director  2.09  5.  #Ms. Rachana Agrawal  Independent Director  0.25  6.  #Mr. Janardan Choudhary  Independent Director  0.40  7.  #Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao  Independent Director  0.40  8.  Mr. Naresh Kumar Mathur  Non-executive Director  0.40   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*ceased to be a director w.e.f. September 25, 2021.

#inducted as an Independent Director w.e.f. September 30, 2021.

**ceased to be a director w.e.f. September 30, 2021.

<!-- image -->

## ii. The  percentage  increase  in  remuneration  of  each  Director,  Chief  Financial  Officer  and  Company Secretary during the financial year 2021-22:

| Sl. No.  Name of Director/KMP  Designation  % increase in  Remuneration in the  financial year 2021-22  1.  Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal  Chairman and Managing  Director  Nil  2.  Ms. Neelam Mittal  Executive Director  25%  3.  *Mr. Mukul Bahuguna  Executive Director  27.46%  4.  **Mr. Dibyajyoti Sinha  Executive Director  27.46%  5.  #Ms. Rachana Agrawal  Independent Director  Not applicable  6.  #Mr. Janardan Choudhary  Independent Director  Not applicable  7.  #Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao  Independent Director  Not applicable  8.  Mr. Naresh Kumar Mathur  Non-executive Director  Not applicable  9.  ##Mr. Bal Mukund Kumar  Chief Financial Officer  Not applicable  10.  ***Mr. Mayank  Company Secretary and  Compliance Officer  Not applicable   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*ceased to be a director w.e.f. September 25, 2021.

***ceased to be the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer w.e.f. March 31, 2022.

**ceased to be a director w.e.f. September 30, 2021.

#inducted as an Independent Director w.e.f. September 30, 2021.

##inducted as Chief Financial Officer w.e.f. September 30, 2021.

## iii. The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees of the Company in the financial year:

During  the  financial  year  2021-22,  the  median  remuneration  of  employees  of  the  Company  was decreased by 16.95%

## iv. TThe number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company:

As on March 31, 2022, there were 38 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company.

- v. Average percentile of increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:

Average  percentile  increase  in  salary  of  the  Company's  employee  (other  than  the  managerial personnel) during the financial year 2021-22 was approximately 5.38%.

Further, Average percentile increase in the managerial remuneration during the financial year 2021-22 was approximately -14.42%.

During the financial year 2021-22, there was no increase in the remuneration of Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal, Managing Director of the Company. Further, the decrease in total managerial remuneration for the financial year 2021-22 was due to change in the Board constitution in view of the Initial Public Offering of the equity shares of the Company on the SME exchange of BSE Limited.

- vi. Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company:

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year ended March 31, 2022 is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

## B. Particulars of employees for the year ended March 31, 2022 as required under Section 197 of the Companies  Act,  2013  read  with  Rule  5(2)  of  the  Companies  (Appointment  &amp;  Remuneration  of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 1.

The Company did not have falling under the ambit of Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment &amp; Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.

## Notes:

- All the employees have requisite experience to discharge the responsibility assigned to them. 2.
- Remuneration  shown  above  includes  salary,  allowances,  contribution  to  provident  fund,  and other perquisites as per the terms of employment. 1.
- Nature and terms of employment are as per resolution/appointment letter. 3.
- Within the meaning of Section 2(77) of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal, and Ms. Neelam Mittal are the directors of the Company and are related to each other. 5.
- None  of  the  employee,  as  referred  under  Rule  5(2)(iii)  of  the  Companies  (Appointment  and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, owns 2% or more of the equity shares of the Company as on March 31, 2022. 4.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited

Subhash Chander Mittal Chairman &amp; Managing Director DIN: 02861072

Place: Faridabad

Date: 18.08.2022

Neelam Mittal Whole-time Director DIN: 02861064

<!-- image -->

## A.  Conservation of Energy

## i. the steps taken or impact on conservation of energy;

The  Company  is  in  a  knowledge  intensive  industry,  and  does  not  operate  industrial  machinery, production facilities, or other such energy intensive operations. However, as a responsible corporate citizen, it continues to pursue and adopt appropriate energy conservation measures. During the 2nd wave  of  the  COVID-19  Pandemic,  the  most  of  our  Company  employees  and  consultants  were working from home, there was minimal or nil usage of energy at the office premises. We continuously seek to improve environmental performance by adopting and promoting use of energy-efficient and environment-friendly technologies. We shifted most of our IT infrastructure to the cloud to enable all our  team  members  across  geographies  working  in  a  hybrid  model.  We  also  extend  this  further  to support our customers seamlessly from a remote work environment. This results again in considerable savings in terms of power usage at our offices.

We adopt measures to conserve energy by using energy-efficient computers and equipment with latest technologies, which would help in conservation of energy. Another simple way to have a huge impact on the environment is through reducing paper consumption, by turning paper documents into electronic ones and eliminating paper from workflows. By reducing paper usage, we create a direct  impact  on  reducing  the  carbon  footprint.  Going  paperless  helps  to  reduce  CO2  (carbon dioxide) emissions.

We,  at  DMR,  consciously  choose  to  print  only  the  important  documents  and  avoid  unnecessary paper consumption to further reduce the carbon footprint. Our approach is focused on delivering seamless digital experience and solutions to our customers with end-to-end capabilities spanning the digital lifecycle.

## ii. the steps taken by the company for utilising alternate sources of energy;

Since the energy usage is quite minimal, the Company has not taken any steps for utilising alternate sources of energy.

## iii. the capital investment on energy conservation equipments;

The Company does not require to make any capital investment on energy conservation equipments, since the energy usage is quite minimal.

## B.  Technology Absorption

## i. The efforts made towards technology absorption;

During the period under review, our Company continued building technology in Zoho applications such as Zoho people, Zoho CRM, Zoho projects and Zoho inventory which help us to create own systems  for  knowledge  management,  note  taking,  data  management,  project  management, Human  resource  etc.  Customer  relationship  management  (CRM)  software  which  manage  all  our company's relationships and interactions with customers and potential customers, help us improve business relationships, stay connected to customers, streamline processes, and improve profitability. We  use  Engineering  Software  such  as  STAD  Pro,  RS2  (for  Geo  Technical  Analysis),  MIDAS  (Solid Modeling &amp; FEM Analysis), Auto CAD, Auto CAD LT, Civil 3D, Revit and Proprietary Software related to Geo Technical Engineering, Structural Engineering and various MS Office Tools including MS Project, PowerPoint,  Excel  and  Word.  Apart  from  the  above,  the  company  also  uses  Online  Tools  such  as Google Drive, One Drive and other Cloud Computing Services. We believe that our technological

## Annexure IV

capabilities  play  a  key  role  in  helping  us  effectively  manage  our  pan-India  operations,  maintain operational  and  fiscal  controls,  and  support  our  efforts  to  enhance  client  service  levels.  Your Company also undertakes continuous quality improvement programs, training programs, deployment  and  use  of  tools  and  technologies  for  monitoring  projects,  etc.,  to  help  increase efficiencies and productivity.

## ii. The  benefits  derived  like  product  improvement,  cost  reduction,  product  development  or  import substitution;

Not applicable

## iii. In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial year)

| S. No.  Description  Details  a)  the details of technology imported  The Rock science software was  imported.  b)  the year of import,  Financial Year 2021-22  c)  whether the technology been fully absorbed;  Yes  d)  if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption  has not taken place and reasons thereof  Not applicable   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## iv. The expenditure incurred on Research and Development

The  research  and  development  expenditure  of  the  Company  are  insignificant  and  cannot  be measured in monetary terms.

## C.   Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

## i. Activities relating to exports, initiatives taken to increase exports; development of new export markets for services and export plans

During the period under review, our Company has taken various initiatives to expand its presence into new geographies by engaging consultants and business partners and been successful in building visibility about our services and offering to key clients.

## ii. Foreign exchange earnings and outgo

The details of foreign exchange earnings and outgo is as under:

<!-- image -->

| Particulars  Financial year 2021-22  Financial year 2020-21  Earnings  Rs.44,48,738  Rs.7,95,473  Outgo  Rs.6,65,578  Nil   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited

Subhash Chander Mittal Chairman &amp; Managing Director DIN: 02861072

Place: Faridabad

Date: 18.08.2022

Neelam Mittal Whole-time Director DIN: 02861064

## Annexure-V Management Discussion and Analysis Report

## Overview of Global Engineering Consulting Services Market

Consulting Engineering services means the services  from  concept  to  commissioning  and even thereafter for operation and maintenance of the asset that is built. It is a service which can be  availed  for  the  complete  life  cycle  of  the built  asset.  These  services  thus  inter  alia  involve pre-feasibility studies, feasibility studies, basic studies, detailed engineering, project management, procurement assistance, construction  monitoring/  supervision,  inspection &amp;  expediting,  testing  and  commissioning  and where  called  for,  operation  and  maintenance for all types of project to diverse nature of clients i.e.  governments,  lenders,  private  companies/ owners, industries, developers or contracting companies. The service providers apply laws of physics  and  principles  of  engineering  in  the design, development, and utilization of machines, materials, instruments, structures, processes, and systems.

The main types of engineering services are civil engineering services, environmental engineering services, construction engineering services, mechanical  engineering  services,  and  others engineering  services.  Civil  engineering  services encompass a wide range of activities including the planning, design, and construction of commercial and residential structures, transportation infrastructure such as roads, bridges, and  railways  etc., water  distribution systems  such  as  dams,  sewers,  and  sewage treatment etc., environmental infrastructure such as landscaping, urban planning, parks etc., industrial infrastructure construction management, construction technology,  and more.  These  services  can  be  delivered  through offshore and onsite model.

The global engineering services market is expected to grow from $991.38 billion in 2021 to $1383.41 billion in 2026. The engineering services market is expected to benefit from steady economic growth in developed and developing countries. The growth in the engineering services market is mainly due to the companies  rearranging  their  operations  and recovering  from  the  COVID-19  impact,  which had earlier led to restrictive containment measures  involving  social  distancing,  remote working, and the closure of commercial activities that resulted in operational challenges.

## Engineering Consulting in India

During  the  COVID-19  Pandemic,  the  strategies which  the  infrastructure  industry  had  adopted to  provide  their  services  now  have  become  a standard practice. The ambitious growth story of India is being fueled by the infrastructure sector, which  is  also  one  of  the  main  engines  of  the Indian  economy.  The  government  has  been establishing policies that are effective in assuring the development  of  a  sustainable, world-class infrastructure in the country because the country's overall  development  is  largely dependent  on  its infrastructural capabilities. Highways, roads, railroads, metro, power, bridges, dams, construction of smart cities, water,  and  other  public  utilities  are  all  part  of India's  infrastructure  industry.  India  is  currently one  of  the  fastest  growing  economies  in  the world  and  many  experts  believe  that  India  is perfectly poised to be the future global epicenter for engineering, manufacturing, tourism, services and other critical sectors.

The  administration  has  come  to  the  realization that  the  country's  aim  to  become  a  dominant global economic superpower may be hindered by  the  current  infrastructure.  The  government has  committed  to  spending  close  to  a  trillion dollars on solid infrastructure development in order  to  overcome  this  problem.  While  the intention and the funds are truly laudable, what we will also need is, a veritable pool of specialists  with  rich  experience  and  expertise who  can  deliver  sustainable  solution  that  will cater to the nation's infrastructure needs.

Engineering  consultancy  services  is  one  of  the those  consultancy  domains  that  has  seen  its importance growing, with the thrust on infrastructure  services,  especially  in  developing countries like India. Strong and consistent emphasis on self-reliance or aatmanirbharata in India's  economic  development  programs  over the  years  by  the  Government  of  India  have enabled  the  country  to  build  up  a  versatile cadre  of  professionals  with  expertise  and  skills across  a  vast  and  wide  ranging  spectrum  of disciplines. A sizable part of this workforce makes up  the  country's  growing  consultancy  sector which has been offering its accumulated experience and expertise at home and abroad

Engineering and technical consultancy services, as the term suggests, include a wide bouquet of premium services  that  are  classified  under  preproject, project execution and post-project, broadly coveting functions such as project identification/ evaluation, environmental impact assessment, development/sourcing of technologies,  preparation  of  feasibility  reports, market studies, designing of projects, equipment procurement  and  erection,  engineering  design services, project management services, architectural/construction  engineering  services, project commissioning, operations and maintenance. The need for specialists with experience  and  expertise  are  required  to  offer sustainable solutions to Indian infrastructure needs.

In  India,  the  demand  for  the  aforementioned services is anticipated  to soar, fostering  the expansion  of  the  consulting  industry.  As  we  all know,  innovation  is  the  engine  of  economic progress.  It  includes  both  the  invention  and commercialization of knowledge that is "new to the  world"  as  well  as  the  dissemination  and assimilation  of  knowledge  that  is  "new  to  the market."  While  "innovation"  refers  to  eschewing traditional  methods  in  favour  of  more  practical and efficient modern alternatives, many working professionals, including consultants, need to upgrade their skills to meet the changing expectations.

The Govt. of India has reviewed the infrastructure  projects  in  India  recently  and  has given a Mega Push in Roads, Power, Coal, Civil Aviation, Railways Sectors, smart cities development, Dams and water etc. by announcing  multiple  new  projects  which  shall generate new challenges and opportunities for Consultants &amp; Engineers to work upon, bringing in  stellar  innovations  and  creativity.  With  over 35%  year  on  year  increase  in  capex  and  a proposed  infrastructure  spend  of  over  Rs.  10 lakh crore in Budget 2022-23, the Union government  has  reinforced  its  commitment  to using infrastructure as a force multiplier for sustained  economic  growth.  With  the  National Infrastructure  Pipeline  (2020-25)  envisaging  an investment  of  Rs  111  lakh  crore,  the  target annual  investment  ranges  between  Rs  20-22 lakh crore.

With  this  continued  increased  focus  on  the infrastructure sector, the discipline of Engineering  Consultancy  Services,  one  of  the many  consultancy  domains,  is  also  witnessing massive demand, especially in developing countries like India. The Government's unwavering emphasis on self-reliance or aatmanirbharata in the socio-economic development of the country has enabled India to pool in a large and  versatile  cadre  of professionals  with  expertise  and  skills  across  a vast and ramified spectrum of skillsets.

## Company Overview

DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructure Limited is an emerging engineering and Infrastructure consulting company which has its presence  in  the  domestic  as  well  as  global market. Our Company  deals  in  Business to Business  (B2B)  category  and  caters  to  both domestic and international markets. Domestically,  we  have  our  presence  across  11 states such as Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Delhi,  Noida,  Arunachal  Pradesh,  Uttarakhand, Telangana, Odisha, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, and Punjab. Internationally, we have executed assignments in around 5 countries namely Nepal, Nigeria, UAE, Germany and Senegal.

## DMR Service Portfolio

Our  Company  is  engaged  in  the  business  of  providing  engineering  consultancy  and  due  diligence services  to  hydropower,  dams,  roads  and  railway  tunnels  etc.  The  services  offered  by  our  Company include  entire  life  cycle  of  projects  covering  design  &amp;  engineering,  due  diligence  &amp;  regulatory,  bid management &amp; construction engineering and quality &amp; inspection. Given below is the list of services offered by our Company:

## Design &amp; Engineering

- Topographical Surveys i.
- Geological Mapping iii.
- Geotechnical Investigations ii.
- Feasibility Report iv.
- Hydrological Studies vi.
- Detailed Project Report v.
- Hydraulic Design of Structures vii.
- Geotechnical Design of Surface &amp; Underground Structures ix.
- Hydraulic Model Studies viii.
- Structural Design and Analysis x.
- Numerical Analysis xii.
- Concrete Technology &amp; Grouting Technology xi.
- Instrumentation Analysis xiii.
- Detailed Design and Drawings xiv.

## Quality &amp; Inspection

- QA/QC plans i.
- Quality Assurance at Site iii.
- Lab Testing ii.
- Pre-dispatch Inspection iv.
- Compliance Audit vi.
- Third Party Inspection v.
- Dam Safety &amp; Inspections vii.

## Segment-wise performance for Financial Year 2021-22

The segment wise performance of the Company for the financial year 2021-22 is provided below:

<!-- image -->

## Bid Management &amp; Construction Engineering

- Tender documents and BOQ i.
- Construction Management &amp; Method Statements iii.
- Construction Planning &amp; Scheduling ii.
- Design &amp; Engineering Support During Construction iv.
- Contract Management &amp; Claims Management vi.
- Billing, Rate Analysis and Cost Estimates v.
- Procurement Management vii.
- Time Studies ix.
- Project Management viii.
- Project Commissioning x.

## Due Diligence &amp; Regulatory

- Strategic Advisory i.
- Project Development Services iii.
- Due Diligence Studies ii.
- Impact Assessment, Monitoring &amp; Evaluation iv.
- Environment Studies vi.
- Regulatory Support and Assessment v.
- Health &amp; Safety vii.

## DMR's Competitive Advantage

## Experienced Management Team i.

The Core management team of our organization has extensive technical experience and proven credentials in the area of our operations. The Managing Director and vice  Presidents  in  the  Company  have  more than  three  decades  of  technical  expertise. Our Directors with their professional experience and  unique  insight  in  their  respective  areas, make  a formidable team in guiding the Company.

## In-House design capability ii.

Our  organization  over  the  years  has  built  in house capacity of reasonable scale to undertake  designs  of  complex  structure  by training  the  young  and  agile  talent  and  by giving  them  access  to  modern  engineering softwares and practices.

Thus  we  have  been  able  to  meet  with  the unfulfilled demand of engineering designs for the  customers  projects  within  our  areas  of expertise.

## Extensive geographical reach iii.

We  provide  services  to  the  clients  at  their projects located in different parts of India. In addition,  we  also  serve  our  clients  in  Nepal, Nigeria,  UAE,  Germany  and  Senegal.  Our wide geographical reach enriches our professional  experience  which  helps  us  to serve our customers better.

## Good Employee Retention Rate iv.

Because  of  our  friendly  employee's  policy and  flexible  work  culture  at  our  work  place, we  are  able  to  retain  our  employees  for longer  tenure  which  helps  us  expanding  our employee base constantly.

## Increasing Customer Base v.

Our customer base is expanding in a consistent  manner,  within  and  outside  the country. We also get regular repeat work from our  customers.  This  is  helping  us  in  getting more  business  in  an  effort  less  manner.  This further helps us in avoiding red ocean situation,  and  feel  bliss  in  blue  ocean.  Our margins have always been healthy.

## Adopting new Technologies vi.

Our company uses Zoho applications such as Zoho  people,  Zoho  CRM,  Zoho  projects  and Zoho inventory  which  help  us  to  create  own systems  for  knowledge  management,  note taking, data management, project management, Human resource etc. Customer  relationship  management  (CRM) software  which  manage  all  our  company's relationships  and  interactions  with  customers and  potential  customers,  help  us  improve business relationships, stay connected to customers, streamline processes, and improve profitability. We  use Engineering Software such  as  STAD  Pro,  RS2  (for  Geo  Technical Analysis), MIDAS (Solid Modeling &amp; FEM Analysis),  Auto  CAD,  Auto  CAD  LT,  Civil  3D, Revit and Proprietary Software related to Geo Technical  Engineering,  Structural  Engineering and  various  MS  Office  Tools  including  MS Project,  PowerPoint,  Excel  and  Word.  Apart from the  above,  the  company  also  uses Online Tools such as Google Drive, One Drive and  other  Cloud  Computing  Services.  We believe  that  our  technological  capabilities play a key role in helping us effectively manage  our  pan-India  operations,  maintain operational  and  fiscal  controls,  and  support our  efforts  to  enhance  client  service  levels. We intend to continue to acquire advanced technology systems to improve operating efficiencies,  and  strengthen  our  competitive position.

## Outlook

The  outlook  of  the  business  of  our  Company  is pretty much  bullish. The order book  of  the Company  is  expanding.  Our  customer  base  is expanding and our order size is also increasing. Our targeted business for financial year 2022-23 is on  right  track  even  at  the  beginning  of  the financial  year.  There  is  possibility  of  exceeding our targeted revenues for financial year 2022-23. Further, the Company also has a steady growth in its international business, and the management  is  exploring  new  geographical area  to  expand  its  international  business.  Thus, we  look  forward  to  maintain  right  balance  of domestic  and  international  business.  We  are hiring more workspace for our expanding workforce. Our dedicated Human Resource (HR)

<!-- image -->

Department  is  on  job  in  spotting  new  talent, training them and deploying them to the assignments  from  the  customers.  Our  trained manpower strength is also increasing in tandem with our business  growth.  We  are  vigorously following  work  from  home  (WFH),  flexible  work place and decentralized working practices. Further, the Company is adding new work places in  National  Capital  Region  and  at  projects  sites of our clients. The Company's focus on corporate  governance  has  sharply  increased after  becoming  a  public  listed  company.  We strive to practice the best ethical business environment in the Company.

## Risks and Concerns

Risk  management  is  an  important  part  of  the Company's business strategy, and it is smoothly incorporated into all of the Company's activities. The aim of the Company's framework is  to  optimize  the  risk-return  equation  while  also ensuring  strict  adherence  to  all  current  laws, rules, and  regulations applicable to all the Company. The compliance function is an essential component of the Company's operations. DMR skilled compliance, audit, and risk  management  teams  are  critical  in  ensuring that  all  procedures  adhere  to  the  laws  and regulations, not just in letter but also in spirit.

The Company has put in place a risk management policy in order to inter alia ensure the proper risk identification, evaluation, assessment,  prioritization,  treatment,  mitigation, and  monitoring  by  implementing  an  effective risk  management  framework.  Further  the  risk management policy also provides a demarcation the role of the Board of Directors, and Audit Committee for the purpose effective Risk Management.

The Company follows a practice of identification of various risks pertaining to different businesses and functions of the Company,  which  may  threaten  its  existence from time to time.

Major risks elements associated with the businesses and functions of the Company have been identified and are being addressed systematically  through  mitigating  actions  on  a continuing  basis.  The  Audit  Committee  under the supervision of the Board, periodically review and monitor the steps taken by the Company to mitigate the identified risks elements.

While  The  Company  is  committed  to  adopt proactive approach for risk management.

the major threats, concerns and challenges for the business of the Company are summarized as follows:

- A  large  part  of  our  revenues  are  dependent on our limited number of clients, and the loss of any one of our major clients could significantly impact our business; i.
- Intense competition in the market for technology services could affect our win rates and  pricing,  which  could  reduce  our  market share  and  decrease  our  revenues  and  our profits; ii.
- Our success depends largely upon our highly skilled technology professionals and our ability to hire, attract,  motivate,  retain  and  train these personnel; iii.
- Delayed  payments  of  the  clients  effects  the liquidity of the Company; iv.
- Our  reputation  could  be  at  risk  and  we  may be liable to our clients for damages caused by cyber security incidents; v.
- The markets in which we operate are subject to  the  risk  of  earthquakes,  floods,  tsunamis, storms,  pandemics  and  other  natural  and manmade disasters. Further, the safety of our employees  during  site  visits  may  be  affected by  untoward  incidents  beyond  our  control, impacting business continuity or reputation. vi.

## Internal Control Systems and their adequacy

The company's internal control systems are adequate  and  provide,  among  other  things, reasonable assurance of recording transactions of  operations  in  all  material  respects  and  of providing protection against significant misuse or loss of company assets.

The  Internal  audit  is  being  conducted  to  assess the adequacy of the internal controls procedures and processes, and their reports are reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Board. Policy  and  process  corrections  are  undertaken based on inputs from the internal auditors.

## Discussion on Financial Performance with respect to Operational Performance

During  the  Financial  year  2021-22,  the  Company witnessed a growth  of 46.8% in  revenue  from operations i.e. from Rs. 243.26 Lakhs in the previous year to Rs. 357.02 Lakhs in the current year. Further, the net profit of the Company grew by 12.93% i.e. from Rs. 60.79 Lakhs in the previous year to Rs. 68.65 Lakhs in the current year.

The  overall  performance  of  the  Company  during financial year 2021-22, reinforces the effectiveness of the initiatives undertaken by the Company's Management leveraging better business opportunities.

## Human Resources

The Company believes that Human Resource is the  most  important  resource  at  its  organization which pushes the Company towards sustainable growth. The Company had a total workforce of 38 permanent employees as of 31st March 2022. The Company considers its human capital to be the  most  important  asset  and  treats  its  people with  respect  and  dignity  in  all  situations.  The team is a balanced mix of experience and youth which allows a holistic approach to varied situations. Employee knowledge enrichment is a core  value  of  the  organization,  and  focus  has been  placed  on  training  and  development  of the  Company's  human  capital.  The  Company has an experienced and talented pool of employees  who  contribute  to  enhancing  the business  efficiency,  devising  strategies,  setting up  systems  and  responding  to  the  evolving business needs.

The Company has embarked on various human resource  activities  to  enhance  the  productivity of  the  workforce.  The  Company  endeavors  to provide a safe, conducive and productive work environment. The Company has hired talent at senior management  level team across the functions for the next level of growth.

The  Company  has  established  a  Whistleblower Policy that encourages directors and employees to report instances of unethical behavior, actual or suspected fraud, or violations of the code of conduct to the Company. This policy is aimed at maintaining  DMR's  employees'  well-being  and ensure that no one is victimized or harassed.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Key Financial Ratios

| S. No.  1.  2.  3.  4.  5.  6.  7.  8.  Description  Capital Turnover  Ratio  Debtors Turnover  Interest Coverage  Ratio  Current Ratio  Debt Equity Ratio  Operating Profit  Margin (%)  Net Profit Margin  (%)  Return on equity  Ratio  1.05  2.30  62.88  10.46  0.14  26.20%  19.42%  16.94%  1.37  1.95  409.65  6.63  -  34.21%  25.25%  22.44%  The  ratio  has  been  decreased  due  to  increase  in  the  turnover  of the Company.  Not applicable.  Increase  in  borrowing  during  the  year  resulting  into  increase  in  finance  cost.  Due  to  extended  credit  facility  to  debtors,  current assets arisen and  the ratio is increased.  The  ratio  has  been  increased  due  to  availing  fresh  credit  facilities from Bank.  This  ratio  is  decreased  due to IPO expenses and  increase  in  the  employ  benefit expenses.  This  ratio  is  decreased  due to IPO expenses and  increase  in  the  employ  benefit expenses.  This  ratio  has  been  decreased  due  to  increase in share capital  base with the same level  of profitability.  March 31, 2022  March 31, 2021  Explanation for significant  changes, if any   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cautionary statement

This statement made in this section describes the Company's objectives, projections, expectation and estimations which may be 'forward-looking statements' within the meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORʼS REPORT TO THE MEMBERS

## TO THE MEMBERS OF DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURES LIMITED

## OPINION

We have audited the accompanying Financial Statements of DMR HYDROENGINEERING  &amp; INFRASTRUCTURES LIMITED ('the Company'), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2022, the  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss  for  the  year  ended  on  March  31,  2022,  the  Statement  Cash  flow statement  for  the  year  ended  &amp;  and  a  summary  of  significant  accounting  policies  and  other explanatory information.

In  our  opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Financial Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act &amp; other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2022, its Profit/(loss) and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit of the Financial  Statements  in  accordance  with  the  standards  on  Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Act (SAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together with the independence requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the provision of the Act, and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI's  Code  of  Ethics.  We  believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the financial statements.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

<!-- image -->

| ## S No. Key Audit Matter  1.  Assessment of Trade Receivables:  ## Auditor Response to key Audit Matter:  The  increasing  challenges  over  the  economy  and  operating  environment  in  the  IT industry  during  the  year  have  increased  the  risks  of  default  on  receivables  from  the company's  customers.  In  particular,  in  the  event  of  insolvency  of  customers,  the company is exposed to potential risk of financial loss when the customers fail to meet their contractual obligations in accordance with the requirements of the agreements.  Based on historical default rates and overall credit worthiness of customers, management  believes  that  no  impairment  allowance  is  required in respect of outstanding trade receivables as on March 31, 2022.  For  the  purpose  of  impairment  assessment,  significant  judgements  and  assumptions, including  the  credit  risks  of  customers,  the  timing  and  amount  of  realisation  of  these receivables, are required for the identification of impairment events and the determination of the impairment charge.  - Tested the accuracy of aging of trade receivables at year end on a sample basis;  - Obtained  a  list  of  outstanding  receivables  and  assessed  the  recoverability  of  the unsettled receivables on a sample basis through our evaluation of management's assessment with reference to the credit profile of the customers, historical payment pattern of customers, publicly available information and latest correspondence with customers  - Tested subsequent settlement of trade receivables after the balance sheet date on sample basis.  ## Principal Audit Procedures:  We have performed the following procedures in relation to the recoverability of trade receivables:  ## Conclusion:  We  found  the  key  judgement  and  assumptions  used  by  management  in  the recoverability  assessment  of  trade  receivables  to  be  supportable  based  on  the available evidence.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITORʼS REPORT THEREON

The company's board is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other information comprises  the  information  included  Management  Discussion  and  Analysis,  Board's  Report  including Annexures  to  Board's  Report,  Business  Responsibility  Report  but  does  not  include  the,  Financial Statements and our Auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  Financial  Statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the  other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## MANAGEMENTʼS RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  Company's  Board  of  Directors  is  responsible  for  the  matters  stated  in  Section  134(5)  of  the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') with respect to the preparation of these Financial Statements to give a true  and  fair  view  of  the  financial  position,  financial  performance,  &amp;  cash  flows  of  the  Company  in accordance  with  accounting  standard  &amp;  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  India.  This responsibility  also  includes  maintenance  of  adequate  accounting  records  in  accordance  with  the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds  and  other  irregularities;  selection  and  application  of  appropriate  accounting  policies;  making judgments  and  estimates  that  are  reasonable  and  prudent;  and  design,  implementation  and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of  the  Financial  Statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  and  are  free  from  material  misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the Financial Statements, management is responsible for assessing the company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The board of directors are responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process.

## AUDITORʼS RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE AUDIT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit  conducted  in  accordance  with  SAs  will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exists. Misstatements  can  arise  from  fraud  or  error  and  are  considered  material  if,  individually  or  in  the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decision of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

<!-- image -->

- identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatements  of  the  financial  statements,  whether  due  to fraud  or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit evidence  that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the  override  of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible  for  expressing  our  opinion  on  whether  the  Company  has  adequate  internal  financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

Materiality  is  the  magnitude  of  misstatements  in  the  financial  statements  that,  individually  or  in aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the financial statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the financial statements.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope  and  timing  of  the  audit  and  significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical  requirements  regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the  matters  communicated  with  those  charged  with  governance,  we  determine  those  matters that  were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore  the  key  audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated  in  our report because  the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

- We  have  sought  and  obtained  all  the  information  and  explanations  which  to  the  best  of  our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit; 1.
- a) We  have  sought  and  obtained  all  the  information  and  explanations  which  to  the  best  of  our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
- b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our examination of those books;
- c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss &amp; Cash Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account;
- d) In  our  opinion,  the  aforesaid  financial  statements  comply with the accounting standards specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014;
- e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2022, taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2022, from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act;
- f) With respect to the adequacy of internal financial control over financial reporting of the company &amp; the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in Annexure 'A'. Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the company's internal financial controls over financial reporting.
- g) With  respect  to  the  other  matters  to  be  included  in  the  Auditor's  Report  in  accordance  with  the requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration  paid  by  the  Company  to  its  directors  during  the  year  is  in  accordance  with  the provisions of section 197 of the Act.

- h) With respect to other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us:
2. (i) The  Company  has  disclosed  the  impact  of  pending  litigations  on  its  financial  position  in  its financial statements.
3. (ii) The Company has made provision, as at March 31, 2022 as required under the applicable law or accounting standards, for  material  foreseeable  losses,  if  any,  on  long-term  contracts  including derivative contracts.
4. (iii) The Company is not liable to transfer any amounts, to the Investor Education and Protection Fund during the year ended March 31, 2022.
5. (iv) a)  The  Management  has  represented  that,  to  the  best  of  its  knowledge  and  belief,  no  funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign entity ('Intermediaries'), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company ('Ultimate Beneficiaries') or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

<!-- image -->

- (b)  The  Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Company from  any  person  or  entity,  including  foreign  entity  ('Funding  Parties'),  with  the  understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the  Funding  Party  ('Ultimate  Beneficiaries')  or  provide  any  guarantee,  security  or  the  like  on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
- No Dividend has been paid during the year 2021-22 by the company. (v)
- As  required  by  the  Companies  (Auditor's  Report)  Order,  2020  (the  'Order')  issued  by  the  Central Government in terms of  Section  143(11)  of  the  Act,  we  give  in  'Annexure  B'  a  statement  on  the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order. 2.

For A Y &amp; Company Chartered Accountants

FRN : 020829C

Arpit Gupta Partner

M.NO. : 421544

UDIN : 22421544AJDVOS5012

Place : Faridabad

Date : 18.05.2022

## ANNEXURE 'A' TO THE AUDITORʼS REPORT

## Report on the Internal Financial Control under clause (i) of sub section 3 of Section 143 of companies Act , 2013 ('The Act')

We  have  audited  the  internal  financial  control  over  financial  reporting  of  DMR  Hydroengineering  &amp; Infrastructures  Limited  ('the  company')  as  of  31st  March,  2022  in  conjunction  with  our  audit  of  the financial statement of the company for the year ended on that date.

## Management Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Control  over  Financial  Reporting  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  of  India.  These responsibilities  include  the  design,  implementation  and  maintenance  of  adequate  internal  financial controls  that  were  operating  effectively  for  ensuring  the  orderly  and  efficient  conduct  of  its  business, including adherence to company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of  frauds  and  errors,  the  accuracy  and  completeness  of  the  accounting  records,  and  the  timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.

## Auditors' Responsibility

Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Company's  internal  financial  controls  over  financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of  Internal  Financial  Controls  Over  Financial  Reporting  (the  'Guidance Note') issued by ICAI and the standards  on  auditing  prescribed  under  section  143(10)  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013,  to  the  extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that  we  comply  with  ethical  requirements  and  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial  controls  over  financial  reporting  included  obtaining  an  understanding  of  internal  financial controls  over  financial  reporting,  assessing  the  risk  that  a  material  weakness  exists,  and  testing  and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures  selected  depend  on  the  auditor's  judgement,  including  the  assessment  of  the  risks  of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company's internal financial controls system over financial reporting.

## Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting

Image A  company's  internal  financial  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide reasonable  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)  pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions  and  dispositions  of  the  assets  of  the  company;  (2)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and  (3)  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention  or  timely  detection  of  unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting

Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## Opinion

In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over  financial  reporting  and  such  internal  financial  controls  over  financial  reporting  were  operating effectively  as  at  March  31,  2022,  based  on  the  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  criteria established  by  the  company  considering  the  essential  components  of  internal  control  stated  in  the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Control Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

For A Y &amp; Company Chartered Accountants FRN : 020829C

Arpit Gupta Partner

M.NO. : 421544

UDIN : 22421544AJDVOS5012

Place : Faridabad

Date : 18.05.2022

## ANNEXURE 'B' TO THE AUDITORʼS REPORT

## Referred to in Paragraph 2 Under 'Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements' of Our Report to the member of DMR Hydroengineering &amp; Infrastructures Limited of Even Date

To the best of our information and according to the explanations provided to us by the Company and the books of account and records examined by us in the normal course of audit, we state that:

- 1) In respect of the Company's Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets:
- a) The  Company  has  maintained  proper  records  showing  full  particulars,  including  quantitative details and situation of fixed assets;
3. The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
- b) The  Company  has  a  program  of  physical  verification  of  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  so  to cover all the assets once every three years which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its assets. Pursuant to the program, certain Property, Plant and Equipment were due for verification during the year and were physically verified by the Management during the year. According to the information and explanations given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
- c) The title deeds of immovable properties are held in the name of the company.
- d) The company has not revalued its Property, Plant &amp; Equipment (including Right of use assets) or intangible assets during the year
- e) No proceeding have been initiated or are pending against the company as at March 31, 2022 for  holding  any  benami  property  under  the  Benami  Transactions  (Prohibition)  Act,  1988  (45  of 1988) and rules made thereunder.
- 2) a) The  Company  does  not  have  any  inventory  and  hence  reporting  under  clause  3(ii)(a)  of  the Order is not applicable.
- b) The Company has not been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of ₹ 5 crore, in aggregate, at any points of time during the year, from banks or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets and hence reporting under clause 3(ii)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
- 3) In our opinion the investments made by the company are prima facie, not prejudicial to the interest of  the  company.  Further  the  company  has  not,  provided  any  guarantee  or  security,  granted  any loans or advances in the nature of loans , secured or unsecured to companies, firms, LLP or other parties  covered  in  register  maintained  under  section  189  of  the  companies  act  2013.  Hence  the question of reporting such loans are not prejudicial to the company's interest or whether the receipt of  the  principal  amount  and  interest  are  regular  and  whether  reasonable  steps  for  recovery  of overdues of such loan are taken, does not arise.
- 4) In  our  opinion  and  according  to  the  information  and  explanations  given  to  us,  the  company  has complied with the provisions of section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of loans, investments, guarantees, and security.
- 5) The Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts which are deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting under clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable.

<!-- image -->

- 6) As  informed  to  us,  the  maintenance  of  Cost  Records  has  not  been  specified  by  the  Central Government  under  sub-section  (1)  of  section  148  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  for  the  business activities  carried  out  by  the  Company.  Hence,  reporting  under  clause  (vi)  of  the  Order  is  not applicable to the Company.
- 7) a) According to information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the books  of  account,  and  records,  the  Company  has  been  regular  in  depositing  undisputed statutory  dues  including  Provident  Fund,  Employees  State  Insurance,  Income-Tax,  Goods  &amp; Service Tax, Duty of Customs, Cess and any other statutory dues with the appropriate authorities and no statutory  dues  were  outstanding  as  at  31st  March,  2022  for  a  period  of  more  than  six months from the date they became payable except as followings:
- b) According  to  the  information  and  explanation  given  to  us,  there  are  no  dues  of  income  tax, Goods &amp; service tax &amp; duty of customs outstanding on account of any dispute.
- 8) There were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
- 9) The Company has not defaulted in repayment of any loans or other borrowings from any lender. a)
6. The  Company  has  not  been  declared  wilful  defaulter  by  any  bank  or  financial  institution  or government or any government authority. b)
7. The term loans were applied for the purpose for which the loans were availed. c)
8. On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, funds raised on shortterm  basis  have,  prima  facie,  not  been  used  during  the  year  for  long-term  purposes  by  the Company. d)
9. On an overall examination of the financial statements of the Company, the Company has not taken  any  funds  from  any  entity  or  person  on  account  of  or  to  meet  the  obligations  of  its subsidiaries. e)
10. The Company has not raised any loans during the year and hence reporting on clause 3(ix)(f) of the Order is not applicable. f)
- 10) The Company has raised moneys by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt  instruments)  during  the  year  and  the  same  has  been  applied  for  the  purpose  for  which money was raised a)
12. During the year, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or convertible debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable. b)
- 11) No fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported during the year. a)
14. No report under sub section (12) of section 143 of the companies act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as  prescribed  under  rule  13of  companies  (Audit  and  Auditors)  Rules,  2014  with  the  central Government during the year and upto the date of this report. b)
15. We  have  taken  into  consideration  the  whistle  blower  complaints  received  by  the  Company during  the  year  (and  upto  the  date  of  this  report),  while  determining  the  nature,  timing  and extent of our audit procedures. c)

- 12) The Company is not a Nidhi Company. Therefore, the provisions of clause 3 (xii) of the Order are not applicable to the Company.
2. In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 with  respect  to  applicable  transactions  with  the  related  parties  and  the  details  of  related  party transactions  have  been  disclosed  in  the  financial  statements  as  required  by  the  applicable accounting standards. 13)
3. In our opinion the company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its business. a) 14)
4. We have considered, the internal audit reports for the year under audit, issued to the Company during  the  year  and  till  date,  in  determining  the  nature,  timing  and  extent  of  our  audit procedures. b)
5. In our opinion during the year the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with its Directors  or  persons  connected  with  its  directors.  and  hence  provisions  of  section  192  of  the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable to the Company. 15)
6. In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable. a) 16)
7. In  our  opinion,  there  is  no  core  investment  company within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable. b)
8. The company has not incurred cash losses in the financial year and in the immediately preceding financial year. 17)
9. During the year under review, there has been resignation of statutory auditors during the year &amp; there were no issues, objections or concerns raised by the outgoing auditors which needed consideration by us. 18)
10. On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of financial  liabilities,  other  information  accompanying  the  financial  statements  and  our knowledge of the Board of Directors and Management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of meeting its liabilities  existing  at  the  date  of  balance  sheet  as  and  when  they  fall  due within  a  period  of  one  year  from  the  balance  sheet  date.  We,  however,  state  that  this  is  not  an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that  all  liabilities  falling  due  within  a  period  of  one  year  from  the  balance  sheet  date,  will  get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due. 19)
11. There are no unspent amounts towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) requiring a transfer to a Fund  specified  in  Schedule  VII  to  the  Companies  Act  in  compliance  with  second  proviso  to  subsection (5) of Section 135 of the said Act. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable for the year. 20)
12. The  reporting  under  Clause  3(xxi)  of  the  Order  is  not  applicable  in  respect  of  audit  of  financial statements. Accordingly, no comment in respect of the said clause has been included in this report. 21)

<!-- image -->

## NOTE 1 : SUMMARY SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND NOTES TO ACCOUNTS

## A.  COMPANY INFORMATION

Our company was incorporated as private limited Company under the name 'DMR Hydroengineering &amp; Infrastructures Private Limited'  under  the  provisions  of  the  Companies Act, 1956 vide Certificate of Incorporation dated December  15,  2009  issued  Deputy  Registrar  of Companies, National Capital Territory of Delhi &amp; Haryana. Subsequently, our Company was converted into a public limited company pursuant  to  approval  of  the  shareholders  at  an extraordinary  general  meeting  held  on  January 10,  2019  and  consequently,  the  name  of  our Company was changed to DMR Hydroengineering &amp; Infrastructures Limited and a Fresh  Certificate  of  Incorporation  consequent upon conversion from Private Company to Public Company was issued by the Registrar of Companies,  Delhi on January 22, 2019.  The Corporate Identification Number of our Company  is  U74900HR2009PLC039823.  Subhash Chander  Mittal  and  Neelam  Mittal  were  the initial subscribers to the Memorandum of Association of our Company.

## B.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 1.  Accounting Convention

The financial statement are prepared under the historical cost convention on the 'Accrual Concept'  and  Going  Concern  assumption  of accountancy in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted  in India and comply with the accounting standards as prescribed by Companies (Accounting Standard)  Rules,  2006  and  with  the  relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under.

## 2.  Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statement and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Difference between the actual results  and estimates are recognized in the period in which results are known/materialized.

## 3.  Property, Plant and Equitpment

Property,  Plant  and  Equitpment  are  stated  at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment  losses,  if  any.  Cost  comprises  of  all expenses  incurred  to  bring  the assets to its present  location  and  condition.  Borrowing  cost directly attributable to the acquisition /construction  are  included  in  the  cost  of  fixed assets.  Adjustments  arising  from  exchange  rate variations  attributable  to  the  fixed  assets  are capitalized.

In  case  of  new  projects  /  expansion  of  existing projects, expenditure incurred during construction / preoperative period including interest and finance charge on specific / general purpose loans, prior to commencement of  commercial  production  are  capitalized.  The same  are  allocated  to  the  respective  t  on completion  of  construction  /  erection  of  the capital project / fixed assets.

Subsequent  expenditures  related  to  an  item  of tangible asset are added to its book value only if they increase the future economic benefits from the existing asset beyond its previously assessed standard of performance.

Capital  assets  (including  expenditure  incurred during the construction period) under erection / installation  are  stated  in  the  Balance  Sheet  as 'Capital Work in Progress.'

## 4.  Impairment of Assets

At  each  balance  sheet  date,  the  Company reviews the carrying amount of its fixed assets to determine  whether  there  is  any  indication  that those  assets  suffered  an  impairment  loss.  If  any such  indication  exists,  the  recoverable  amount of the assets is estimated in order to determine

the extent of impairment loss.  Recoverable amount  is  the  higher  of  an  asset's  net  selling price and value in use. In assessing value in use, the  estimated  future  cash  flows  expected  from the  continuing  use  of  the  assets  and  from  its disposal  are  discounted  to  their  present  value using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that  reflects  the current  market  assessments  of  time  value  of money and the risks specific to the assets.

## 5.  Depreciation

All  fixed assets, except capital work in progress, are depreciated on WDV Method. Depreciation is  provided based on useful life of the assets as prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013.  Depreciation  on  additions  to  /  deletions from  fixed  assets  made  during  the  period  is provided on pro-rata basis from / up to the date of such addition /deletion as the case may be.

## 6.  Investments

Investments are classified into current investments and non-current investments. Current  investments  i.e.  investments  that  are readily  realizable  and  intended  to  be  held  for not  more  than  a  year  valued  at  cost.  Any permanent reduction in the carrying amount or any reversals of such, reductions are charged or credited to the Statement of Profit &amp; loss Account.

Non-current investments are stated at cost. Provision  for  dimunintion  in  the  value  of  these investments is made only if such decline is other than temporary, in the opinion of the management.

## 7.  Inventories

Since we are in the business of providing services, so that we don't have any inventory.

## 8.  Revenue Recognition

Revenue  from  the  operations  is  recognized  on generally  accepted  accounting  principal  and when it is earned and no significant uncertainity exists  as  to  its  ultimate  collection  and  includes taxes, wherever applicable.

The capital gain on sale of investments if any are recognized  on  completion  of  transaction.  No notional profit/loss are recognized on such investments.

Interst  income  is  recognized  on  time  proportion basis, when it is accured and due for payment.

## 9.  Borrowing Cost

Borrowing cost that are attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying  assets  are  capitalized  as  part  of  the cost of such assets. A qualifying assets is one that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use. All other borrowing costs are charged to revenue.

## 10.  Employee Benefits

Short  -  term  employee benefits are recognized as  an  expense  at  the  undiscounted  amount  in the profit &amp; loss account of the year in which the related service is rendered.

Post employment and other long term employee benefits are recognized as an expense in the profit &amp; loss account for the year in which the liabilities are crystallized.

## 11.  Taxes on Income

Income tax expenses for the year comprises of current tax and deferred tax. Current tax provision  is  determined  on  the  basis  of  taxable income computed as per the provisions  of  the Income Tax Act. Deferred tax is  recognized  for all timing differences that are capable of reversal  in  one  or  more  subsequent  periods subject to conditions of prudence  and  by applying tax rates that have been substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.

## Foreign Currency Translation

- Transaction denominated in foreign currencies  are  recorded  at  the  exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transaction.  Monetary  assets  and  liabilities denominated  in  foreign  currencies  at  the year end are restated at closing rate.. a)
- Any  exchange  difference  on  account  of settlement  of  foreign  currency  transaction and  restatement  of  monetary  assets  and liabilities denominated in foreign currency is recognized in the statement of Profit &amp; loss Account. b)

<!-- image -->

## 12.  Provision, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets

Provisions involving substantial degree of estimation in measurement are recognized when there  is  a  present  obligation  as  a  result  of  past events  and  it  is  probable  that  there  will  be  an outflow of resources.

## C.  NOTES ON ACCOUNTS

1. The  financial  statements  including  financial information have been prepared after making  such  regroupings  and  adjustments, considered  appropriate  to  comply  with  the same.  As  result  of  these  regroupings  and adjustments, the amount  reported  in the financial statements/information may not

## 4.  Trade Payable Ageing Summary

## 31.03.2022

| Particulars  (i)       MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  6.58  6.58  (ii)      Others  (iii)      Disputed dues - MSME  (iv)      Disputed dues - Others  Less than 1  year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 3  years  Total  Outstanding for following periods from due date of  payment / Invoice date   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.03.2021

| Particulars  (i)       MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  0.31  0.31  (ii)      Others  (iii)      Disputed dues - MSME  (iv)      Disputed dues - Others  Less than 1  year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 3  years  Total  Outstanding for following periods from due date of  payment / Invoice date   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

necessarily  be  same  as  those  appearing  in the  respective  audited  financial  statements for the relevant years.

## 2.  Post Employment Benefits:

Image

Company has not valued its obligation related to Employment Benefits as per AS-15

## 3.  Segment Reporting

The  Company  at  present  is  engaged  in  the business of providing infrastructure services. In view of above, primary and secondary reporting disclosures for business/ geographical segment as envisaged in AS -17 are not applicable to the Company.

## 5.  Trade Receivable Ageing Summary

| Particulars  (i)        Undisputed Trade  Receivable - considered good  (ii)      Undisputed Trade  Receivable - considered doubtful  (iii)     Disputed Trade  Receivable - considered good  (iv)     Disputed Trade  Receivable - considered doubtful  (i)        Undisputed Trade  Receivable - considered good  (ii)      Undisputed Trade  Receivable - considered doubtful  (iii)     Disputed Trade  Receivable - considered good  (iv)     Disputed Trade  Receivable - considered doubtful  115.95  107.43  10.14  12.93  130.50  11.60  42.14  7.70  177.39  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Less than 6  months  6 months - 1  year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 3  years  Total  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment / Invoice date  31.03.2022  31.03.2021   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.  Accounting Ratios

| Particular  (a)  (b)  (c)  S. No.  Particular  Current Ratio  Debt-Equity Ratio  Return on Equity Ratio  Numerator  Current Assets  Debt  Profit After Tax  Current Liabilities  Equity  Average  Shareholders  Equity  March 31,  2022  March 31,  2021  Reason for Movements  Denominator  10.46  0.14  16.94%  6.63  -  22.44%  Due  to  extended  credit  facility  to  Debtors , current assets arises &amp; this  ratis is increased significantly  This  ratio  is  increased  due  to  availing  of  fresh  credit  Facilities  from Bank.  This  ratis  is  decreased  due  to  increase in Share Capital Base with  same level of Profitability.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Particular  (e)  (d)  (f)  (g)  (h)  Net capital turnover  ratio (in times)  Trade Receivables  turnover ratio (in times  Net profit ratio  Return on Capital  employed  Return on investment  Net Credit Sales  Turnover  Profit After Tax  Operating Profit  Profit After Tax  Working Capital  Total Sales  Total Capital  Employed  Initial Value of  Investments  2.30  1.95  Movement is not more than 25%,  so that reason is not required to  be disclosed.  Average Trade  Receivables  1.05  25.74%  0.18  0.22  1.37  34.12%  0.27  0.26  This  ratis  is  decreased  due  to  increase  in  Turnover  of  the  company significantly  This  ratis  is  decreased  due  to  increase  in  Employee  Benefit  Expenses &amp; Other Expenses  This  ratis  is  decreased  due  to  increase in Share Capital Base with  same level of Profitability.  Movement is not more than 25%, so  that  reason  is  not  required  to  be  disclosed.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7.  Ageing Summary of Capital Work in Progress:

## 31.03.2022

| Particular  Particulars  (i)  Project in Progress  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (ii) Project temporarily Suspended  Less than  1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than  3 years  Total  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment /  Invoice date   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.03.2021

| Particular  Particulars  (i)  Project in Progress  -  50.63  -  -  50.63  -  -  -  -  -  (ii) Project temporarily Suspended  Less than  1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than  3 years  Total  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment /  Invoice date   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As per our report of even date

## For A Y &amp; Company

Firm Registration No. 020829C Chartered Accountants

## CA Arpit Gupta

Partner Membership No. 421544

UDIN : 22421544AJDVOS5012

Place : Faridabad

UDIN : 22421544AJDVOS5012

Place : Faridabad

Date : 18.05.2022

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors DMR Hydroengineering &amp; Infrastrucures Limited

Subhash Chander Mittal

Chairman Cum Managing Director

DIN : 02861072

Neelam Mittal

Director

DIN : 02861064

| Bal Mukund Kumar Chief Financial Officer  Ravinder Kumar Company Secretary  M. NO. A68152   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp;INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

Balance sheet as at March 31, 2022 CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

| Particular  Notes  31 March 2022  31 March 2021  I.Equity and Liabilities  Shareholders Fund  Share Capital  2.1  2.3  2.5  2.6  2.8  2.9  2.9  2.10  372.62  504.87  5.29  6.58  2.72  201.27  16.26  10.55  21.41  36.00  607.20  65.64  0.69  66.33  146.41  305.50  0.31  9.66  63.77  1.01  12.01  50.63  21.58  31.56  337.05  Reserves &amp; Surplus  2.2  2.4  2.6  2.7  2.9  132.25  159.09  Share Application Money Pending Allottment  Non-current liabilities  Long Term Borrowings  Deferred tax liabilities (Net)  Other Long Term Liabilities  Current liabilities  Short Term Borrowigs  Trade payables  (a) total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises  (b) total outstanding dues other than micro and small  enterprises  Other current liabilities  Short term Provisions  Total  II.Assets  Non- current assets  Fixed assets  Property, Plant &amp; Equipments  Intangible Assets  Capital WIP  Long Term Loans &amp; Advances  Non Current Investments   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (Amount In Lakhs)

<!-- image -->

| Deferred Tax Assets  Other Non Current Assets  Current Assets  Investments  Inventories  Trade Receivables  Cash &amp; Bank Balances  Short Term loans &amp; advances  Other current Assets  Total  2.11  2.12  2.13  2.14  2.15  2.16  10.55  118.85  117.39  18.93  0.48  61.01  376.66  607.20  230.55  0.21  12.01  36.23  103.50  2.79  0.25  39.47  209.24  337.05  127.81   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes on significant accounting policies

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

As per our report of even date

## For A Y &amp; Company

| Firm Registration No. 020829C Chartered Accountants  ## CA Arpit Gupta  Partner  Membership No. 421544  UDIN : 22421544AJDVOS5012  Place : Faridabad  Bal Mukund Kumar Chief Financial Officer  Ravinder Kumar Company Secretary  M. NO. A68152  ## Subhash Chander Mittal  Chairman Cum Managing Director DIN : 02861072  Neelam Mittal Director DIN : 02861064   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Date : 18.05.2022

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors DMR Hydroengineering &amp; Infrastrucures Limited

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss for the period ended March 31, 2022 CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

## (Amount In Lakhs)

| Particular  Notes  31 March 2022  31 March 2021  Income  Revenue from Operations  Other Income  2.17  2.18  2.19  2.20  2.21  2.23  2.22  2.23  3.57  353.45  2.53  240.73  Total Income (I)  Expenses  357.02  106.67  1.64  10.51  147.23  90.97  90.97  21.41  0.90  22.31  68.65  2.15  2.15  266.05  243.26  70.03  0.22  7.03  83.85  82.15  82.15  21.58  (0.22)  21.36  60.79  2.08  2.08  161.12  Employee benefit expenses  Finance Cost  Depreciation &amp;Amortization Expense  Other Expenses  Total Expenses (II)  Profit/(loss) Before Prior period, exceptional and  extraordinary items and tax (I) - (II)  Prior period items (Net)  Profit/(Loss) before tax  Tax Expenses  Current Tax  Deferred Tax Charge  Total Tax Expense  Profit/(loss) after tax  Earnings/(loss) Per Share  Basic (Nominal value of shares Rs.10 (PY: Rs.NIL))  Diluted (Nominal value of shares Rs.10 (PY: Rs.NIL))   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

As per our report of even date

## For A Y &amp; Company

Date : 18.05.2022

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors DMR Hydroengineering &amp; Infrastrucures Limited

Firm Registration No. 020829C Chartered Accountants

## CA Arpit Gupta

Partner Membership No. 421544 UDIN : 22421544AJDVOS5012

Place : Faridabad

Bal Mukund Kumar Chief Financial Officer

Ravinder Kumar

Company Secretary M. NO. A68152

Subhash Chander Mittal

Chairman Cum Managing Director

DIN : 02861072

Neelam Mittal

Director

DIN : 02861064

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

Statement of Cash Flows for the period ended March 31, 2022 CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

## Statement of Cash Flows for the period ended March 31, 2022

(Amount In Lakhs)

| Cash flow statement as at  Cash flow from operating activities  Net Profit before tax and extraordinary items  Non-Cash adjustment to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows  Depreciation  Interest Received  Finance Cost  'Operating profit before Working Capital changes  Change in Working Capital  Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables  Increase/(Decrease) in Other current Liabilities  Decrease/(Increase) in Trade receivables  Increase in Short Term Loans &amp; Advances  Decrease/(Increase) in Other Current Assets  Cash generated from operations  Income Tax(Paid)/ Refund  Net Cash flow from / (used in) Operating activities (A)  Cash Flow from/(used in) Investing Activities  Purchase of Fixed Assets  Purchase of Investments  Interest received  Decrease in Long Term Investments  Increase in Other Non Current Assets  Net Cash (used in) investing activities (B)  Cash Flow from/ (used in) Financing Activities  Payment of Finance Cost  Repayment of Borrowings`  Proceeds from Equity Share Capital  Proceeds from Securities Premium (Net off IPO Expenses)  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  90.97  10.51  99.27  (69.34)  6.27  (6.94)  (46.89)  (0.23)  (21.54)  29.93  (21.58)  8.35  (112.63)  82.62  3.42  1.46  (2.27)  (192.64)  (1.22)  70.93  79.80  50.92  200.43  16.14  2.79  17.93  (3.42)  (1.22)  82.15  7.03  86.64  (34.46)  (7.04)  (0.88)  (14.49)  3.00  (15.05)  52.18  (10.59)  41.58  (19.81)  (13.24)  2.53  (0.12)  (30.63)  (15.00)  (15.00)  (4.05)  6.84  2.79  (2.53)  Net Cash flow from / (used in) financing activities (C)  Net Increase / (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year  Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year  Cash &amp; Cash Equivalents comprises of  Cash in Hand  Cash at Bank  1.06  17.87  0.35  2.44   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

As per our report of even date

## For A Y &amp; Company

Date : 18.05.2022

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors DMR Hydroengineering &amp; Infrastrucures Limited

Firm Registration No. 020829C Chartered Accountants

## CA Arpit Gupta

Partner Membership No. 421544 UDIN : 22421544AJDVOS5012

Place : Faridabad

Bal Mukund Kumar Chief Financial Officer

Ravinder Kumar

Company Secretary M. NO. A68152

Subhash Chander Mittal

Chairman Cum Managing Director

DIN : 02861072

Neelam Mittal

Director

DIN : 02861064

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

## Notes to Standalone financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2022 CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

Share Holder Funds

(Amount In Lakhs)

| 2.1. Share Capital  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  Authorised Shares  40,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10 Each (Previous Year 20,00,000 Equity  Shares of Rs. 10 Each)  Issued Shares  37,26,200 Equity Shares of Rs. 10 Each (Previous Year 14,64,100 Equity  Shares of Rs. 10 Each)  Subscribed &amp; Paid up Shares  37,26,200 Equity Shares of Rs. 10 Each (Previous Year 14,64,100 Equity  Shares of Rs. 10 Each)  Total Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid-up Share Capital  400  372.62  372.62  372.62  200.00  146.41  146.41  146.41   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## A. Reconciliation of the number of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period

| 14.64  146.41  14.64  146.41  22.62  226.21  37.26  372.62  14.64  146.41  Equity Shares  'FY 2020-21  'FY 2021-22  Issued Capital (Rs.)  Issued Capital (Rs.)  Number  Shares outstanding at the beginning of  the year  Shares Issued during the year  Shares bought back during the year  Shares outstanding at the end of the year  Number   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## B. Shares in the company held by each shareholder holding more than 5 % shares specifying the number of shares held

| 10.90  12.88  29.25%  34.57%  6.44  6.44  0.81  17.28%  17.28%  2.16%  1.61  4.32%  1.61  4.32%  0.81  2.16%  Particulars  Name of Shareholder  'FY 2020-21  'FY 2021-22  % of Holding  % of Holding  Number  Sh. Subhash Chander Mittal  Mrs. Neelam Mittal  Mr. Divay Mittal  Ms. Deepika Mittal  Number   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## C. Shares held by holding/ultimate holding company and/or their subsidiaries/associates

There is no Holding Company of DMR Hydroengineering &amp; Infrastructure Limited

## D. Shares with rights preferences and restrictions attaching to each class including restriction on distribution of dividend and repayment of capital

Equity shares

The company has only one class of Equity having a par value Rs. 10.00 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held. The dividend proposed by the board of directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in ensuing Annual General Meeting, except in case of interim dividend. In the event of liquidation, the Equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.

## E. Shareholding of Promoters

| Shares Held by Promoters  at the end of year  Name of Promoters  Sh. Subhash Chander Mittal  Mrs. Neelam Mittal  '2020-21  '2021-22  No. of  Shares  No. of  Shares  % of  Shares  % of  Shares  % Change  during the year  % Change  during the year  10.90  29.25%  69.25  6.44  17.28%  12.88  34.57%  100.00  6.44  17.28%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

## Notes to Standalone financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2022 CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

## SHAREHOLDERS FUND

(Amount In Lakhs)

| 2.2. Reserves &amp; Surplus  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  A. Security Premium  B. Surplus  Opening balance  Opening balance  Add: Additions during the Period  (+) Net Profit/(Net Loss) For the current year  Less: Utilized for IPO Expenses  (-) Appropriation  Total Issued, Subscribed and Fully Paid-up Share Capital  87.78  36.86  50.92  159.09  68.65  (146.41)  81.33  132.25  89.89  60.79  8.41  159.09  159.09   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LONG TERM BORROWINGS

| 2.3. Long Term Borrowings  Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  65.64  65.64  Total   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2.4. Deferred Tax Liabilities  Opening Balance of Deferred Tax Liabilities  Addition during the year  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  (0.21)  0.90  0.01  (0.22)  0.69  (0.21)  Total   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Current liabilities

| 2.5. Short Term Borrowings  Bank Overdraft  Current Maturities of Long Term Debt  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  0.06  5.23  5.29  Total   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2.6. Trade Payables  Trade Payables  Micro, Small &amp; Medium Enterprises  Other than Micro, Small &amp; Medium Enterprises  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  6.58  0.31  6.58  Total   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2.3.1 Disclosure in respect of amount due to Micro, Small &amp; Medium Enterprises:

The management has initiated the process of identifying enterprises which have provided goods and services  to  the  Company  and  which  qualify  under  the  definition  of  micro  and  small  enterprises,  as defined under Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006. Accordingly, the disclosure in  respect  of  the  amounts  payable to such enterprises as at 31st March 2022 has been made in the financials statements based on information received and available with the Company as on date of financials. The Company has not received any claim for interest from any supplier under the said Act.

| 2.7. Other Current Liabilities  Unpaid Audit Fees  EDLI Contribution  TDS Payable  Other Expenses Payable  GST Payable  EPF Payable  Electricity Charges Payable  Imprest  Total  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  1.06  0.29  0.79  0.15  0.07  0.35  0.00  0.42  1.01  7.61  0.19  0.01  0.00  0.40  2.72  9.66   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2.8. Short Term Provisions  Provision for Income Tax Current Year  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  21.41  21.58  21.41  21.58  Total   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

## Notes to Standalone financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2022

## CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

| NON CURRENT ASSETS  2.9. Property, Plant &amp; Equipments  Particulars  A. Property Plant &amp; Equipment  Tangible  Land  25.20  25.20  25.20  25.20  26.15  164.93  24.98  159.86  1.18  3.89  5.07  1.28  1.45  0.68  0.66  0.60  0.19  0.79  16.02  20.36  2.35  4.75  13.67  1.94  15.61  0.18  0.99  0.09  0.71  0.09  0.18  0.27  3.04  4.44  1.44  2.33  1.59  0.52  2.11  8.08  8.08  7.77  5.76  0.30  2.01  2.32  3.43  83.39  3.65  3.65  50.63  15.95  88.15  138.78  19.60  2.64  0.70  3.34  1.01  50.63  16.26  138  51  5.24  230.70  19.60  250  1.25  63.77  1.01  115  51  1.99  201.27  16.26  218  2.18  19.62  2.64  22  1.07  9.80  0.70  11  3.26  29.42  3.34  33  138.78  0.17  4.34  0.80  1.41  25.20  147.31  15.95  251  88  139  139  Building  Plant &amp; Machinery  Computer &amp; Data Processing Units  Electrical Equipments &amp; Intallation  Furniture &amp; Fixtures  Lab Equipments  Office Equipments  Total A  B. Intangible Assets  C. Capital Work in Progress  Softwares  LV Project Flat  Total B  Total C  Grand Total  Balance as  at 01st Apr  2021  Additions  Deletion/Sale  Balance as  at 31 March  2022  Balance as  at 01st Apr  2021  Depreciation  charge for  the period  Deletion-Sale  /Loss  Balance as  at 31 March  2022  Balance as  at 01st Apr  2021  Balance as  at 31 March  2022  Gross Block  Accumulated Depreciation  Net Block  (Amount in Lakhs)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

## Notes to Standalone financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2022 CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

## OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

(Amount In Lakhs)

| 2.10. Non current Current Investments  Fixed Deposits  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  10.55  12.01  10.55  12.01  Total   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2.11. Non Current Assets  BSE Security Deposit  Security Deposit  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  2.09  0.37  0.19  0.19  2.46  Total   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CURRENT ASSETS

| 2.12. Current Investments  Fixed Deposits  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  118.85  36.23  118.85  36.23  Total   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (Amount In Lakhs)

| 2.13. Trade Receivables  Unsecured, Considered good  Debts outstanding other than Related Parties for a period:  Outstanding for a period more than six months  Outstanding for a period less than six months  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  61.44  115.95  23.07  107.43  130.50  177.39  Total   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2.14. Cash and Bank Balances  Cash &amp; Cash Equivalent  Balance with Banks in current Accounts  Cash on hand  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  1.06  17.87  18.93  0.35  2.44  2.79  Total   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2.15. Short Term Loans &amp; Advances  Advance to Suppliers  Advance to Employee Imprest  TDS Recoverable from Vendor  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  0.14  0.05  0.29  0.48  0.10  0.15  0.25  Total   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2.15.1 Loans &amp; Advances granted to Promoter,Director, KMP &amp; Related Parties

| Type of Borrower  Promotoers  Directors  KMPS  Related Parties  Percentage of Total  Loan &amp; Advances in  the nature of loan  Amount of Loan   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2.16. Other Current Assets  TDS Recoverable  Advance Income Tax  Earnest Money  Income Tax Refundable  GST Recoverable  31 March 2021  31 March 2022  1.18  8.00  33.89  12.63  5.31  0.06  16.00  16.68  6.73  39.47  61.01  Total   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

Notes to Standalone financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2022 CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

## (Amount in Lakhs)

| 353.45  16.07  86.54  2.96  1.11  3.42  0.15  2.17. Revenue From Operations  Sale of Services  2.18.Other Income  2.19. Employee Benefits Expenses  Total  240.73  Export  Interest Received  Director Remuneartion  21.46  46.40  0.82  1.35  Salary Expenses  Staff Welfare Expenses  EPF Employer  Other Incomes  101.85  2.53  0.00  70.55  251.59  170.18  Domestic  31 March 2022  31 March 2022  31 March 2022  31 March 2021  31 March 2021  31 March 2021  Total  Total  3.57  106.67  70.03  2.53   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

Notes to Standalone financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2022

CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

## (Amount in Lakhs)

| 1.64  2.20. Finance Cost  Total  0.22  Finance Cost  1.22  -  0.42  0.22  Bank Charges  31 March 2022  31 March 2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 10.51  2.21. Depreciation &amp; Amortization  Depreciation Expenses  7.03  31 March 2022  31 March 2021  Total  10.51  7.03   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2.22. Other Expenses  31 March 2022  31 March 2021  Audit Fees  Consultancy Charges  Printing &amp; Stationary Exp  Electricity Expenses  Repairs &amp; Maintenance Expenses  Professional Charges  Travelling &amp; Conveyance Expenses  Freight Charges  Telephone Expenses  Interest on Tax  Insurance Expenses  Bad Debts  Diwali Expenses  Foreign Exchange Difference  ROC Charges  Interenet Charges  Sales Promotion  Postage &amp; Courier  Income Tax Expenses  Directors Sitting Fees  General Expenses  Technical Support Services Expenses  Rates &amp; Taxes  Processing Charges  Site Team Expenses  Water Charges  Subscription Expenses  Short &amp; Excess  1.25  67.20  1.01  0.88  13.12  0.55  20.44  0.02  0.93  0.00  0.52  5.30  0.09  1.24  -  -  -  0.10  0.06  4.70  -  6.42  1.27  0.13  6.40  0.05  0.13  0.00  0.40  43.29  0.50  0.79  1.29  2.52  8.49  0.56  0.44  0.72  0.27  10.90  0.12  0.30  0.23  0.30  0.18  0.02  -  -  0.02  -  -  -  -  0.03  0.37  0.02   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Tender Expenses  License Fees  NSE Expenses  Misc. Expenses  Retainership Charges  Rent Expenses  Website Expenses  Statutory Fees  Certificate Charges  IPO Ceremony Expenses  Reimbursement Expenses  Office Expenses  Other expenses  Total  1.40  -  -  0.81  1.85  2.40  -  1.99  -  0.68  2.21  1.40  3.57  147.23  0.12  0.56  0.05  1.09  -  -  0.94  -  0.02  -  -  0.12  0.37  83.85   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (Amount in Lakhs)

| Opening  2.23. Earnings Per Share  Profit/(Loss)  after  tax  as  per  Statement  of  Profit  and Loss  Weighted  average  number  of  equity  shares  in  calculating basic EPS  Basic {Nominal Value of Shares- Rs. 10/- (Previous  Year- Rs. 10/-)}  Diluted  {Nominal  Value  of  Shares-  Rs.  10/-  (Previous Year- Rs. 10/-)}  68.65  31.86  2.15  2.15  60.79  29.28  2.08  2.08  31 March 2022  31 March 2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

Notes to Standalone financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2022

CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

## 2.23 Related Party Disclosures- AS-18

| Relationship with Related party  Key Managerial Personnel  Subhash Chander Mittal  Neelam Mittal  Mukul Bahuguna  Dibyajoti Sinha  DM Consulting Engineers Private Limited  M R Foundation  Key Managerial Personnel  Key Managerial Personnel  Key Managerial Personnel  Associate Concern  Associate Concern  Name of related parties   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Transactions with Related Party:-

| Relationship with Related party  Name of the Party  Director Remuneation  Rent Expenses  Consulting Services  Subhash Chander Mittal  Subhash Chander Mittal  DM Consulting Engineers Private Limited  MR Foundation  6.00  6.00  3.75  3.00  3.16  5.28  3.16  2.40  8.74  -  7.67  1.00  -  4.97  Neelam Mittal  Mukul Bahuguna  Dibyajoti Sinha  31 March 2022  31 March 2021  (Amount in Lakhs)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Closing Balance with related parties:-

| Name of the Party  NIL  31 March 2022  31 March 2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED

Notes to Standalone financial Statements for the period ended March 31, 2022 CIN No: L74900HR2009PLC039823

## 2.24 Other disclosures

## (a) Remuneration to Directors

| Particulars  Salary including Variable Pay  Total  16.07  21.46  16.07  21.46  31 March 2022  (Amount in Lakhs)  31 March 2021  (Amount in Lakhs)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (b) As  per  the  best  estimate  of  the  management,  there  is  no  capital  commitment  and  contingent liability exists as on the date of the financial statement.
- (c) Disclosures required under mandatory accounting standards &amp; Schedule III are given to the extent appplicable and possible.
- (d) Additional information as required by para 5 of General Instructions for preparation of Statement of Profit and Loss (other than already disclosed above) are either Nil or Not Applicable.
- (e) Previous year figures are regrouped or rearranged wherever considered necessary.
- (f) Figures have been rounded off to the nearest Lakhs

Notes on significant accounting policies

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

As per our report of even date

For A Y &amp; Company Firm Registration No. 020829C Chartered Accountants

Date : 18.05.2022

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors DMR Hydroengineering &amp; Infrastrucures Limited

## CA Arpit Gupta

Partner Membership No. 421544

UDIN : 22421544AJDVOS5012

Place : Faridabad

Bal Mukund Kumar Chief Financial Officer

Ravinder Kumar Company Secretary

M. NO. A68152

Subhash Chander Mittal

Chairman Cum Managing Director

DIN : 02861072

Neelam Mittal

Director

DIN : 02861064

## DMR HYDROENGINEERING &amp; INFRASTRUCTURES LIMITED

Registered Office : 473, Sector-30, Faridabad, Haryana, India 121003 Tel: +91 129 4360445, Email: dmr@dmrengineering.net Website: www.dmrengineering.net, CIN: L74900HR2009PLC039823

## NOTICE

Notice  is  hereby  given  that  the  13  th  Annual  General  Meeting  ('AGM')  of  the  Members  of  DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 will be held on Tuesday, September 27, 2022 at 11.30 a.m. IST through Video Conferencing ('VC')/Other Audio Visual Means ('OAVM') in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ('Act') and rules framed thereunder read with Ministry of Corporate Affairs ('MCA') General Circular No. 14/2020, 17/2020  and  20/2020  dated  April  08,  2020,  April  13,  2020  and  May  05,  2020,  respectively  read  with General Circular No. 02/2022 dated May 05, 2022 and SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/ CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated May 13, 2022 read with Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated May 12, 2020 and other applicable circulars to transact the following businesses:

## ORDINARY BUSINESSES

- To  consider  and  adopt  the  Audited  Financial  Statements  of  the  Company  for  the  financial  year ended March 31, 2022 and the Reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon. 1.
- To declare dividend on equity shares of Rs. 0.10/- each for the financial year ended March 31, 2022. 2.
- To appoint a director in place of Mr. Neelam Mittal (DIN: 02861064), who retires by rotation and being eligible, offers herself for re-appointment. 3.
- To  appoint  M/s.  A  Y  &amp;  Co.,  Chartered  Accountants,  having  Firm  Registration  No.  020829C  as  the Statutory Auditors of the Company for term of five consecutive years and fix their remuneration 4.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

that  pursuant  to  Section  139,  141,  142  and  all  other  applicable  provisions,  if  any,  of  the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('the SEBI Listing Regulations') and other applicable  laws,  and  pursuant  to  the  recommendations  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  Board  of Directors of the Company, the consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to  appoint  M/s.  A  Y  &amp;  Co.,  Chartered  Accountants,  having  Firm  Registration  No.  020829C  as  the Statutory Auditors of the Company for term of five consecutive years, who shall hold office from the conclusion  of  this  13th  Annual  General  Meeting  till  the  conclusion  of  the  18th  Annual  General Meeting to be held in the year 2026 at a remuneration of Rs. 1,25,000 per annum plus applicable taxes for conducting the statutory audit, and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in this connection. RESOLVED

the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorize to modify the terms and conditions including not limited to remuneration of the statutory auditors, based on the recommendation  of  the  Audit  Committee  of  the  Company,  from  time  to  time,  subject  to  such approvals as may be required under the applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations. RESOLVED FURTHER THAT

<!-- image -->

## Appointment of Mr.  Dahyalal  Bansilal  Prajapati  (DIN:  09592327)  as  an  Independent  Director  of  the Company. 5.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149, 150, 152, 160 read with Schedule IV and other  applicable  provisions  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  ('Act')  and  the  allied  rules  made thereunder,  and  the  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015  ('the SEBI  Listing  Regulations')  and  other  applicable  laws,  if  any,  based  on  the  recommendation  of  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, the approval of  Members  of  the  Company  be  and  is  hereby  accorded  for  the  appointment  of  Mr.  Dahyalal Bansilal  Prajapati  (DIN:  09592327)  who  was  appointed as an additional director in the capacity of Independent Director and who shall hold office up to the date of the 13th annual general meeting, as  an  Independent  Director  of  the  Company,  not  liable  to  retire  by  rotation,  who  is  eligible  for appointment, for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from May 18, 2022 till May 17, 2027. 'RESOLVED

RESOLVED  FURTHER  THAT  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  be  and  is  hereby  authorized  to modify the terms and conditions of appointment of Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati (DIN: 09592327) as may be recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company, from time to time, subject to such approvals as may be required under the applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal (DIN: 02861072), Managing Director, the Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary &amp; Compliance Officer of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to take such steps and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be required to give effect to the foregoing resolution.'

## Appointment of Mr. Surajit Dutta (DIN: 06687032) as Non-executive Director of the Company. 6.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

'RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152, 160 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ('Act') and the allied rules made thereunder, and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('the SEBI Listing Regulations') and other applicable laws, if any, based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, the approval of Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded  for  the  appointment  of  Mr.  Surajit  Dutta  (DIN:  06687032)  who  was  appointed  as  an additional  director  in  the  capacity  of  Non-executive  Director  and  who  shall  hold  office  up  to  the date of the 13th annual general meeting, as Non-executive Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation, with effect from May 18, 2022.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal (DIN: 02861072), Managing Director, the Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary &amp; Compliance Officer of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to take such steps and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be required to give effect to the foregoing resolution.'

## Re-appointment of Ms. Neelam Mittal, (DIN: 02861064) as a Whole-time Director 7.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

'RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197 and 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 (''Act') read with Schedule V to the Act and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations,  2015  ('the  SEBI  Listing  Regulations')  and  other  applicable  laws,  if  any,  based  on  the recommendation  of  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee,  Audit  Committee  and  Board  of Directors,  the  consent  of  the  members  be  and  is  hereby  accorded  for  the  re-appointment  of  Ms. Neelam Mittal (DIN: 02861064) as a Whole-time Director of the Company for a period of 3 years, with effect from October 01, 2022 with the terms and conditions including remuneration as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice convening this Annual General Meeting, with liberty to the  Board  of  Directors  to  alter  and  vary  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  said  re-appointment /remuneration as it may deem fit subject to such approvals as may be required under the applicable provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.

RESOLVED further that where in any financial year during the currency of her tenure, the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the aforesaid remuneration shall be paid to Ms. Neelam Mittal, Whole-time Director as the minimum remuneration.

RESOLVED further that Ms. Neelam Mittal, Whole Time Director be entrusted with such powers and perform  such  duties  as  may  from  time  to  time  be  delegated  /  entrusted  to  him  subject  to  the supervision and control of the Board.

RESOLVED  further  that  Mr.  Subhash  Chander  Mittal  (DIN:  02861072),  Managing  Director,  the  Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary &amp; Compliance Officer of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to take such steps and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be required to give effect to the foregoing resolution.'

## Approval for change in designation of Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao (DIN: 09335571) 8.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

'RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules framed thereunder, and the Securities and Exchange Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015,  and  other applicable  laws,  if  any,  based  on  the  recommendation  of  the  Nomination  and  Remuneration Committee,  Audit  Committee,  and  the  Board  of  Directors,  the  consent  of  the  members  of  the Company be and is hereby accorded for the change in designation of Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao (DIN:  09335571) from Independent Director to the Non-executive Non-independent Director of the Company, with effect from May 18, 2022.

RESOLVED further that Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal (DIN: 02861072), Managing Director, Ms. Neelam Mittal (DIN:02861064), Whole-time Director, the Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to take such steps and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be required to give effect to the foregoing resolution.'

## Approval of charges for service of documents on the shareholders: 9.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

'RESOLVED  that  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  Section  20  of  the  Companies  Act  2013  and  other applicable provisions, if any, of the said Act and relevant rules prescribed there under, whereby a document may be served on any shareholder by the Company by sending it to him by post or by registered post or by speed post or by courier or by electronic or other mode as may be prescribed, the consent of the shareholders be and is hereby accorded to charge from the member the fee in advance equivalent to the estimated actual expenses of delivery of the documents, pursuant to any request made by the shareholder for delivery of such document to him, through a particular mode of services mentioned above provided such request along with requisite fee has been duly received by the Company at least one week in advance of the dispatch of document by the Company and that no such request shall be entertained by the Company post the dispatch of such document by the Company to the shareholder.

<!-- image -->

'RESOLVED further that for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, Mr. Subhash Chander Mittal (DIN: 02861072), the Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary &amp; Compliance Officer of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as they may in  their  absolute  discretion  deem  necessary,  proper  or  desirable  and  to  settle  any  question, difficulty, doubt that may arise in respect of the matter aforesaid and further to do all acts, deeds, matters  and  things  as  may  be  necessary,  proper  or  desirable  or  expedient  to  give  effect  to  the above resolution.'

By order of the Board For DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited

Ravinder Kumar Company Secretary and Compliance Officer Membership No. A68152

Place: Faridabad Date: August 18, 2022

## NOTES:

- The Ministry of Corporate Affairs ('MCA') has vide  its  General  Circular  No.  02/2022  dated May 05, 2022 read with General Circular No. 20/2020, 14/2020 and 17/2020 dated May 05, 2020, April 08, 2020 and April 13, 2020 respectively (collectively referred to as 'MCA Circulars')  and  SEBI  has  vide  its  Circular  No. SEBI/HO/ CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated May 13, 2022 read with Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/ CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated May 12, 2020 (collectively referred to as 'SEBI Circulars') and other applicable circulars (Collectively referred to as ('Circulars') permitted holding of  the  Annual  General Meeting ('the Meeting/AGM') through Video Conferencing ('VC')/Other Audio Visual Means ('OAVM'), without the physical presence of the Members, Directors, Auditors or other eligible persons at a common venue. In compliance  with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ('Act, 2013'), SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('SEBI Listing Regulations')  and  aforesaid  MCA  and  SEBI Circulars,  the  AGM  of  the  Company  will  be conducted through VC/OAVM. 1.
- The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act, 2013, with respect to the  Special  Businesses  are  annexed  hereto. Additional Information, pursuant to Para 1.2.5 of  SS-2  ('Secretarial  Standard  on  General Meetings')  and  Regulation  36(3)  of  the  SEBI Listing Regulations in respect of appointment/re-appointment of directors are annexed hereto. 2.
- In  accordance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of  the  SEBI  Listing  Regulations  and  in  view  of the  aforesaid  MCA  and  SEBI  Circulars,  the Company has engaged the services of National  Securities  Depository  Limited  (NSDL) to provide the facility of voting by electronic voting  system  to  all  the  Members  to  enable them to cast their votes electronically during the AGM in respect of all the businesses to be transacted at the aforesaid  Meeting.  The facility  of  casting  the  votes  by  the  Members using  such  electronic  voting  system  from  a place other than venue of the AGM ('remote e-voting') is also provided by NSDL. 3.
- Company is providing two way teleconferencing facility for the ease of participation of the members. The instructions for  members  attending/participating  in  the AGM  through  VC/OAVM  are  provided  at notes 24 to 27. 4.
- The facility for joining the  AGM  through VC/OAVM shall be open at least 15 minutes before the time scheduled to start the Meeting and shall not be closed till the expiry of 15 minutes after such scheduled time. 5.
- In compliance with the aforesaid  MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, electronic copy of the Annual Report for the financial year 202122 and  Notice  of  the  13th  AGM  of  the Company,  inter  alia,  indicating  the  process and  manner  of  e-voting  will  be  sent  only through electronic mode to all the Members whose email IDs are registered with the Company's Registrar &amp; Share Transfer Agent/Depository Participant(s) for communication purposes, as the requirement of  sending  the  hard  copies  of  annual  report and notice of AGM has been dispensed with. Members  may  note  that  the  Notice  and Annual  Report  will  also  be  available  on  the Company's website www.dmrengineering.net, website of the 6.

www.bsesme.com

Stock

Exchange i.e.

BSE

Limited at

In compliance with the MCA and SEBI Circulars, the Company has also published a public  notice  by  way  of  an  advertisement made  dated  August  29,  2022  in  Financial Express,  English  version  and  Jansatta,  Hindi version, both having a wide circulation in the district of the registered office of the Company, along with their electronic editions, inter alia, advising the members whose e-mail ids  are  not  registered  with  the  Company,  its Registrar  and  Share  Transfer  Agent  (RTA)  or Depository  Participant(s)  (DPs),  as  the  case may be, to register their e-mail ids with them.

- Pursuant to the provisions the Act, a Member entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting is entitled  to  appoint  a  proxy  to  attend  and vote  on  a  poll  instead  of  him/her  and  the proxy need not be a Member of the Company. Since the 13th AGM is being held pursuant to the Circulars, through VC / OAVM, physical attendance of Members has been 7.

<!-- image -->

dispensed  with.  Accordingly,  in  line  with  the MCA Circulars, the facility for appointment of proxies by the Members will not be available for  the  13th AGM and hence the Proxy Form and Attendance Slip are not annexed to this Notice.

- Institutional/Corporate  Members  intending  to attend  the  Meeting  are  required  to  send  a scan of certified copy of the Board Resolution (JPG/PDF format), pursuant to Section 113 of the Act, 2013, authorizing their representative to attend the Meeting through VC/OAVM on its  behalf  and  vote  through  remote  e-voting. The said Resolution/Authorization shall be sent to the Scrutinizer by email through its registered email address to sehgal@bsaadvisory.in with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. 8.
- Recorded  transcript  of  the  Meeting  shall  be uploaded  on  the  website  of  the  Company and the same shall also be maintained in safe custody of the Company.  The  registered office of the company shall be deemed to be the  place  of  Meeting  for  the  purpose  of recording  of  the  minutes  of  the  proceedings of this AGM. 9.
- The final dividend for the Financial year ended 31st March, 2022, as recommended by the  Board,  if  approved  at  the  AGM  will  be credited/dispatched  within  30  days  to  those Members  whose  name  shall  appear  on  the Register  of  Members of the Company at the close of working hours on September 20, 2022. In  respect  of  shares  held  in  electronic  form, the dividend will be paid to Members whose names  are  furnished  by  NSDL  and  Central Depository Services (India) Limited ('CDSL') as beneficial owner as on that date. 10.
- SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/DOP1/CIR/P/2018/73 dated April  20,  2018  has  mandated that for making dividend payments, companies whose securities  are  listed  on  the  stock  exchanges shall  use  electronic  clearing  services  (local, regional  or  national),  direct  credit,  real  time gross settlement, national electronic  funds transfer  etc.  The  Company  and  its  Registrar and Share Transfer Agent are required to seek relevant bank details of members from depositories/ investors for making payment of dividends in electronic mode. Further, 11.
- pursuant  to  MCA  General  Circular  20/2020 dated May 05, 2020, companies are directed to credit the dividend of the members directly to  the  bank  accounts  of  the  members  using Electronic Clearing Service. 12.

Hence, the Members are requested to furnish/update  their  bank  account  name  &amp; branch, bank account number and account type  along  with  other  core  banking  details such as MICR (Magnetic Ink Character Recognition),  IFSC  (Indian  Financial  System Code) etc. at the earliest with their Depository Participants  (DPs)  in  case  shares  are  held  in electronic  form  or  with  the  Registrar  &amp;  Share Transfer  Agent  of  the  Company  (R&amp;T  Agent) in case of the shares are held in physical form. In case of non-availability or non-updation of bank account details of the shareholders, the Company  shall  ensure  payment  of  dividend to  such  member  vide  dispatch  of  dividend warrant/ cheque, as the case may be.

- Members having any queries related to accounts and operations or any other matter to  be  placed  at  the  AGM  of  the  Company, may write to the Company through an email on  dmr@dmrengineering.net,  at  least  seven working days in advance of the Meeting. The same will be replied by the Company suitably. 12.

Members are requested to contact the Company's  Registrar  &amp;  Share  Transfer  Agent (RTA), Skyline Financial Services Private Limited D-153/A,  1st  floor,  Phase  I,  Okhla  Industrial Area, New Delhi, 110020, Email: info@skylinerta.com, Tel.: 011-26812682, 40450193 to 97 Website: www.skylinerta.com) for reply to their queries/redressal of complaints,  if  any,  or  contact  Mr.  Ravinder Kumar,  Company  Secretary  &amp;  Compliance Officer at the Registered Office of the Company (Phone  No.:  Tel:  +91  129  4360445; Email: dmr@dmrengineering.net).

- Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email address, telephone/mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations, power of attorney, to their DPs in case shares are held in electronic form or to Company's RTA i.e. Skyline Financial Services  Private  Limited  in  case  shares  are held in physical form. 13.

- Members may avail the facility of nomination by nominating a person to whom their shares in the Company shall vest in the event of their death. The prescribed form can be obtained from the Company's RTA i.e. Skyline Financial Services Private Limited. Members are requested  to  submit  the  said  details  to  their DPs in case the shares are held in electronic form and to Skyline Financial Services Private Limited in case the shares are held in physical form. 14.
- Members who hold shares in physical form in multiple folios in identical names  or joint names  in the  same  order  of  names  are requested to send the share certificates to the Company's RTA i.e. Skyline Financial Services Private  Limited  for  consolidation  into  single folio. 15.
- As per Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, the securities of the listed company  cannot  be transferred in physical mode w.e.f. April 01, 2019, except in case  of  request  received  for  transposition  or transmission of securities. In view of this, Members holding shares in physical form are requested  to  get  their  shares  dematerialized at  the  earliest.  Members  can  contact  the Company or  the  Company's  RTA  i.e.  Skyline Financial Services Private Limited for assistance in this regard. 16.
- The  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN) by every participant in securities market.  Members holding shares in electronic form are, therefore,  requested  to  submit  the  PAN  to their  Depository  Participants  with  whom  they are maintaining their demat accounts. Members holding shares in physical form can submit their PAN details to the Company/RTA i.e. Skyline Financial Services Private Limited. 17.
- In  keeping  with  the  Ministry  of  Corporate Affairs' Green Initiative measures, the Company hereby requests the Members who have  not  registered  their  email  addresses  so far, to register their email addresses with their DPs  in  case  shares  are  held  by  them  in electronic form and with the Company's RTA i.e. Skyline Financial Services Private Limited in case shares are held by them in physical form for receiving all communication including 18.
- annual report, notices, circulars etc. from the Company electronically. If there is any change  in  the  e-mail  ID  already  registered with  the  Company,  members  are  requested to  immediately  notify  such  change  to  the Company or its RTA in respect of shares held in  physical  form  and  to  DPs  in  respect  of shares held in electronic form.
- Members attending the Meeting through VC/OAVM shall be counted for  the  purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act. 19.
- Since  the  AGM  will  be  held  through  VC  / OAVM, the Route Map is not annexed in this Notice. 20.
- The Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which  Directors  are  interested,  maintained under  Section  189  of  the  Companies  Act, 2013, the Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 of the Companies  Act,  2013  read  with  Rules  issued thereunder will be made available electronically  for  inspection  by  the  Members during the Meeting. All documents referred to in the Notice will also be available for electronic inspection from the date of circulation  of  this  Notice  up  to  the  date  of AGM. Also, the Notice for this 13th AGM along with  requisite  documents  and  the  Annual Report for the financial year 2021-22 shall also be available on the Company's  website www.dmrengineering.net.  Further,  the  draft letter of appointment of Mr. Dahyalal Prajapati  as  an  Independent  Director  setting out the terms and conditions of his appointment and  notices received  under Section  160  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  will be put up on the website of the Company up to the date of the Meeting. Members seeking to  inspect  such  documents  can  send  an email to dmr@dmrengineering.net. 21.
- The  remote  e-voting  facility  will  be  available during the following voting period: 22.
- (i) Commencement of remote e-voting: From 10.00  a.m.  IST  of  Saturday,  September  24, 2022.
- (ii) End of remote e-voting: Up to 5.00 p.m. IST of Monday, September 26, 2022.

<!-- image -->

- During  this  period,  the  shareholders  of  the  Company,  holding  shares  either  in  physical  form  or  in dematerialized  form,  as  on  the  cut-off  date  i.e.  September  20,  2022  may  cast  their  vote  through remote e-voting. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter and the facility will be blocked forthwith. 23.

## THE  INSTRUCTIONS  FOR  MEMBERS  FOR  REMOTE  E-VOTING  AND  JOINING  GENERAL  MEETING  ARE  AS UNDER:24.

## How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?

The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of 'Two Steps' which are mentioned below:

## Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system

## Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode A)

In  terms  of  SEBI  circular  dated  December  9,  2020  on  e-Voting  facility  provided  by  Listed  Companies, Individual  shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat  mode  are  allowed  to  vote  through  their  demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.

Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:

| Individual  Shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat  mode with NSDL.  Existing  IDeAS  user  can  visit  the  e-Services  website  of  NSDL  Viz.  https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a  mobile.  On  the  e-Services  home  page  click  on  the  'Beneficial  Owner'  icon  under  'Login'  which  is  available  under  'IDeAS'  section  ,  this  will  prompt  you  to  enter  your  existing  User  ID  and  Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see  e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on 'Access  to e-Voting' under e-Voting services and you will be able to see  e-Voting  page.  Click  on  company  name  or  e-Voting  service  provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website  of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period  or joining virtual meeting &amp; voting during the meeting.  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing  the  following  URL:  https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either  on  a  Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-  Voting  system  is  launched,  click  on  the  icon  'Login'  which  is  available  under  'Shareholder/Member'  section.  A  new  screen  will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit  demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a  Verification  Code  as  shown  on  the  screen.  After  successful  authentication,  you  will  be  redirected  to  NSDL  Depository  site  wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or  e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to  f you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is  available  at  https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select  'Register  Online  for  IDeAS  Portal'  or  click  at  https://eservices.nsdl.com/  SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  1.  2.  3.  Type of shareholders  Login Method   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote  e-Voting  period  or  joining  virtual  meeting  &amp;  voting  during  the  meeting.  Shareholders/Members  can  also  download  NSDL  Mobile  App  'NSDL  Speede'  facility  by  scanning  the  QR  code  mentioned  below for seamless voting experience.  Existing  users  who  have  opted  for  Easi  /  Easiest,  they  can  login  through  their  user  id  and  password.  Option  will  be  made  available  to  reach  e-Voting  page  without  any  further  authentication.  The  URL  for  users  to  login  to  Easi  /  Easiest  are  https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login  or  www.cdslindia.com and click on New System Myeasi.  After successful login of Easi/Easiest the user will be also able to  see  the  E  Voting  Menu.  The  Menu  will  have  links  of  e-Voting  service provider i.e. NSDL. Click on NSDL to cast your vote.  If  the  user  is  not  registered  for  Easi/Easiest,  option  to  register  is  available  at  https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration  Alternatively,  the  user  can  directly  access  e-Voting  page  by  providing  demat  Account  Number  and  PAN  No.  from  a  link  in  www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the  user by sending OTP on registered Mobile &amp; Email as recorded in  the demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be  provided links for the respective ESP i.e. NSDL where the e-Voting  is in progress.  You  can  also  login  using  the  login  credentials  of  your  demat  account  through  your  Depository  Participant  registered  with  NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to  see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected  to  NSDL/CDSL  Depository  site  after  successful  authentication,  wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or  e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-  Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-  Voting period or joining virtual meeting &amp; voting during the meeting.  4.  1.  2.  3.  4.  Individual  Shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat  mode with NSDL.  Individual  Shareholders  (holding  securities  in  demat  mode)  login  through  their  depository participants  NSDL Mobile App is available on  App Store  Google  Play   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Important note:

Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.

<!-- image -->

| Individual  Shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat  mode with NSDL  Individual  Shareholders  holding  securities  in  demat  mode with CDSL  Helpdesk details  Login type  Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL  helpdesk  by  sending  a  request  at  evoting@nsdl.co.in  or  call  at  toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30  Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL  helpdesk  by  sending  a  request  at  helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022- 23058738 or  022-23058542-43   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Login  Method  for  e-Voting  and  joining  virtual  meeting  for  shareholders  other  than  Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. B)

## How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?

1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon 'Login' which is available under 'Shareholder/Member' section.
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.
4. Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/  with  your  existing  IDEAS  login.  Once  you  log-in  to  NSDL  eservices  after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.

## Your User ID details are given below : 4.

| For  Members who hold shares  in demat account with NSDL.  For  Members who hold shares  in demat account with CDSL.  For  Members who hold shares  in demat account with CDSL.  Your User ID is:  Manner of holding shares i.e.  Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical  8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID  For example: if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then  your user ID is IN300***12******.  16 Digit Beneficiary ID  For example: if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user  ID is 12**************.  EVEN  Number  followed  by  Folio  Number  registered  with  the  company  For  example:  if  folio  number  is  001***  and  EVEN  is  101456  then  user ID is 101456001***  a)  b)  c)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 5.

- a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote.
- b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 'initial password' which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your 'initial password', you need to enter the 'initial password' and the system will force you to change your password.
- c) How to retrieve your 'initial password'?
4. (i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 'initial password' is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your 'User ID' and your 'initial password'.
5. (ii) If  your  email  ID  is  not  registered,  please  follow  steps  mentioned  below  in  process  for  those shareholders whose email ids are not registered.

## If  you  are  unable  to  retrieve  or  have  not  received  the  '  Initial  password'  or  have  forgotten  your password: 6.

- a) Click on 'Forgot User Details/Password?'(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
- b) Physical  User  Reset  Password?'  (If  you  are  holding  shares  in  physical  mode)  option  available  on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
- c) If  you  are  still  unable  to  get  the  password  by  aforesaid  two  options,  you  can  send  a  request  at evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc.
- d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the  votes  on  the  eVoting system of NSDL.
5. After  entering  your  password,  tick  on  Agree  to  'Terms  and  Conditions'  by  selecting  on  the  check box. 7.
6. Now, you will have to click on 'Login' button. 8.
7. After you click on the 'Login' button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 9.

## Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.

## How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?

1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies 'EVEN' in which you are holding shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of
2. Select 'EVEN' of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on 'VC/OAVM' link placed under 'Join Meeting'.
4. shares  for  which  you  wish  to  cast  your  vote  and  click  on  'Submit'  and  also  'Confirm'  when prompted.

<!-- image -->

- Upon confirmation, the message 'Vote cast successfully' will be displayed. 5.
- Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 7.
- You  can  also  take  the  printout  of  the  votes  cast  by  you  by  clicking  on  the  print  option  on  the confirmation page. 6.

## General Guidelines for shareholders

1. Institutional  shareholders  (i.e.  other  than  individuals,  HUF,  NRI  etc.)  are  required  to  send  scanned copy  (PDF/JPG  Format)  of  the  relevant  Board  Resolution/  Authority  letter  etc.  with  attested specimen  signature  of  the  duly  authorized  signatory(ies)  who  are  authorized  to  vote,  to  the Scrutinizer by e-mail to sehgal@bsaadvisory.in with a copy  marked  to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional  shareholders  (i.e.  other  than  individuals,  HUF,  NRI  etc.)  can  also  upload  their  Board Resolution  /  Power  of  Attorney  /  Authority  Letter  etc.  by  clicking  on  "Upload  Board  Resolution  / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and evoting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Ms. Sarita Mote, Assistant Manager, at evoting@nsdl.co.in
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to  keep  your  password  confidential.  Login  to  the  e-voting  website  will  be  disabled  upon  five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the  'Forgot  User  Details/Password?'  or  'Physical  User  Reset  Password?'  option  available  on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

## Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy  of  the  share  certificate  (front  and  back),  PAN  (self-attested  scanned  copy  of  PAN  card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to info@skylinerta.com.
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned  copy  of PAN  card), AADHAR  (self-attested  scanned  copy  of  Aadhar  Card)  to info@skylinerta.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode. Login method for e-Voting and
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account  maintained  with  Depositories  and  Depository  Participants.  Shareholders  are  required  to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access eVoting facility.

## THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR eVOTING  ON  THE  DAY  OF  THE  AGM  ARE  AS UNDER:25.

1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM  is  same  as  the  instructions  mentioned above for remote e-voting.
2. Only  those  Members/  shareholders,  who  will be  present  in  the  AGM  through  VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise  not  barred  from  doing  so,  shall  be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote eVoting  will  be  eligible  to  attend  the  AGM. However, they  will  not  be  eligible  to  vote  at the AGM.
4. The details of the person  who  may  be contacted  for  any  grievances  connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.

## THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR eVOTING  ON  THE  DAY  OF  THE  AGM  ARE  AS UNDER:26.

1. Member  will  be  provided  with  a  facility  to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the  NSDL  e-Voting  system.  Members  may access by following the steps  mentioned above  for  Access  to  NSDL  e-Voting  system. After  successful  login,  you  can  see  link  of 'VC/OAVM link' placed under 'Join meeting' menu against company name. You are  requested  to  click  on  VC/OAVM  link placed  under  Join  General  Meeting  menu. The  link  for  VC/OAVM  will  be  available  in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the  members  who  do  not  have  the  User  ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the  User  ID  and  Password  may  retrieve  the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
3. Further  Members  will  be  required  to  allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the meeting. 3.
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from  Mobile  Devices  or  Tablets  or  through Laptop  connecting  via  Mobile  Hotspot  may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation  in  their  respective  network.  It  is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN  Connection  to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 4.
5. Shareholders  who  would  like  to  express  their views/have questions may send their questions in advance mentioning their name demat  account  number/folio  number,  email id, mobile number at dmr@dmrengineering.net.  The  same  will  be replied by the company suitably. 5.

## Instructions for Shareholders/ Members  to Speak during the Annual General Meeting: 27.

- Shareholders who would like to speak during the meeting must register their request 7 days in advance with the company on the dmr@dmrengineering.net. (i)
- Shareholders will get confirmation on first cum first basis depending upon the provision made by the Company. (ii)
- Shareholders will receive 'speaking serial number' once they mark attendance for the meeting. (iii)
- Other  shareholder  may  ask  questions  to  the panelist,  via  active  chat-board  during  the meeting. (iv)
- Please remember speaking serial number and start your conversation with panelist by switching  on  video  mode  and  audio  of  your device. (v)
- Shareholders  are  requested  to  speak  only when moderator of the meeting/ management  will  announce  the  name  and serial number for speaking. (vi)

<!-- image -->

- Pursuant to Finance Act, 2020, dividend income  will  be  taxable  in  the  hands  of  the shareholders w.e.f. April 1, 2021  and  the Company is required to deduct tax at source ('TDS') from dividend paid to the Members at prescribed rates in the Income Tax Act, 1961 ('the IT Act'). In general, to enable compliance with TDS requirements, Members are  requested  to  complete  and/  or  update their Residential Status, PAN, Category as per the IT Act with their Depository Participants or in  case shares are held in physical form, with the Company by sending email to the Company's email address at dmr@dmrengineering.net. 28.
- The voting rights of  Members  shall  be  in proportion to their shares of the total paid up equity  share  capital  of  the  Company  as  on the cut-off date. 29.
- In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only  such  joint  holder  who  is  higher  in  the order of names shall be entitled to vote. 30.
- Any person, who  acquires shares of the Company  and  becomes  Member  of  the Company  after  sending  the  Notice  of  the Meeting and holding shares as of the cut-off date  i.e.  September  20,  2022  needs  to  refer the  instruction  above  regarding  login  ID  and password and may contact the Company or RTA for any query or assistance in this regard. Any  person  who  is  not  a  Member  as  on  the cut-off date should treat this Notice for information purposes only. 31.
- The  Members  who  have  cast  their  vote  by remote  e-voting  prior  to  the  AGM  may  also attend the AGM through VC/OAVM but shall not  be  entitled  to  cast  their  vote  again  or change it subsequently. 32.
- Only those Members, whose names are recorded in the Register of Members or in the Register  of  Beneficial  Owners  maintained  by the  Depositories  as  on  the  cut-off  date  shall be  entitled  to  avail  the  facility  of  remote  evoting as well as e-voting at the AGM. 33.
- Non-Resident Indian  Members are requested to inform RTA, immediately on change in their residential status on return to India for permanent settlement, and update on particulars of their bank account maintained 34.

in India with complete name, branch, account type, account number and address of  the  bank  with  PIN  Code  number,  if  not furnished earlier.

- The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  has appointed Mr. Bunny Sehgal, Practicing Company  Secretary  (M.  No.  F11407  and  CP No.  15161),  Proprietor  of  M/s.  B.  Sehgal  and Associates,  as  the  Scrutinizer  to  scrutinize  the e-voting and remote e-voting process for the Annual General Meeting in a fair and transparent manner. 35.
- The Chairman shall, at the AGM, at the end of discussion  on  the  Resolutions  on  which  the voting  is  to  be  held,  allow  voting  with  the assistance  of  the  scrutinizer,  by  use  e-voting facility for all those Members who are present at the AGM through VC/OAVM but have not cast  their  votes  by  availing  the  remote  evoting facility. 36.
- The  Scrutinizer  shall  after  the  conclusion  of voting at the Meeting, will unblock the votes cast through remote e-voting and shall make and  submit,  within  2  working  days  of  the conclusion of the AGM, a consolidated Scrutinizer's  Report  of  the  total  votes  cast  in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing, who shall countersign the same and declare the result of the voting within 2 working days of conclusion of the AGM. 37.
- The Notice of the AGM shall be placed on the website  of  the  Company  and  NSDL  till  the date  of  AGM.  The  Results  declared,  along with  the  Scrutinizer's  Report  shall  be  placed on the Company's website www.dmrengineering.net and on the website of  NSDL immediately after the declaration of result by the Chairman or a person authorized by  him  in  writing.  The  Results  shall  also  be immediately forwarded to the Stock Exchange(s) where the shares of the Company  are  listed.  Further,  the  results  shall be  displayed  on  the  Notice  Board  of  the Company at its Registered Office. 38.

## By order of the Board For DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited

## Ravinder Kumar Company Secretary and Compliance Officer Membership No. A68152

## Explanatory statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable provisions

## Resolution at Item No. 4

## APPOINTMENT  OF  M/S.  A  Y  &amp;  CO.,  CHARTERED  ACCOUNTANTS,  AS  THE  STATUTORY  AUDITORS  OF  THE COMPANY FOR TERM OF FIVE CONSECUTIVE YEARS AND FIX THEIR REMUNERATION

M/s. A Y &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants, having Firm Registration No. 020829C were appointed as the statutory  auditors  of  the  Company  up  to  the  conclusion  of  the  13th  Annual  General  Meeting  of  the Company, consequent to the resignation of M/s Kamal Lakhani and Associates, the existing statutory auditors w.e.f September 27, 2021.

Subsequently, at the Meeting held on August 18, 2022, the Board of Directors have recommended the appointment of M/s. A Y &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants, as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for term of five consecutive years, who shall hold office from the conclusion of this 13th Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the 18th Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2026, subject to the approval of the Members. In view of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, M/s. A Y &amp; Co.,  Chartered  Accountants,  has  good  experience  in  conducting  the  statutory  audit  of  the  listed entities. M/s. A Y &amp; Co., also hold a valid peer review certificate as required under the provisions of SEBI Listing Regulations.

Your  Directors  recommend  the  Resolution  set  out  in  Item  No.  4  as  an  Ordinary  Resolution  for  your approval.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives, are concerned or interested in the above Resolution.

## Statement containing additional disclosure as required under Regulation 36(5) of the Listing Regulations

| Proposed fees payable to the statutory auditor(s)  Terms of appointment  In case of a new auditor, any material change in  the fee payable to such auditor from that paid to  the outgoing auditor along with the rationale for  such change  Basis  of  recommendation  for  appointment  including the details in relation to  Rs.  1,25,000  per  annum  plus  applicable  taxes  for  conducting  the  statutory  audit,  and  reimbursement  of  out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred in this connection.  Appointment  for  term  of  five  consecutive  years,  who shall  hold  office  from  the  conclusion  of  this  13th Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of  the  18th  Annual  General  Meeting  to  be  held  in  the year 2026.  No  material  changes.  The  audit  fees  commensurate  with  the  size  of  the  Company,  audit coverage and scope of work.  Given  the  nature,  and  size  of  Company's  operations, it is required to have competent audit  firm.  The  recommendations  made  by  the  Audit  Committee,  and  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company, are in fulfilment of the eligible criteria  as  prescribed  under  the  Companies  Act,  2013  and the applicable rules made thereunder.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Credentials of the statutory auditor(s) proposed to be appointed.  A Y &amp; Company is Practicing Chartered Accountant  Firm  based  out  of  Jaipur,  Rajasthan having Firm Registration No. 020829C since September, 2015. The Firm has been managed by three  partners  who  hold  multiple  academic  &amp; professional qualifications with  wide  range  of knowledge and experience. The Firm offers multiple  services  in  audit  &amp;  assurance,  direct/ indirect taxation, company law -advisory services, accounting services, international taxation, project consultancy, legal and procedural compliance relating to securities laws, services to Banks / Financial Institutions.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Resolution at Item No. 5

The  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee and  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  in their meetings dated April 20, 2022 and May 18, 2022 respectively recommended the appointment  of  Mr.  Dahyalal  Bansilal  Prajapati (DIN:  09592327)  as  an  additional  director  in  the capacity of Independent Director, and subsequently, as independent director not liable to retire by rotation, for a term of five years with effect from May 18, 2022.

Mr. Prajapati, MBA (Finance) is a high achieving individual and an enthusiastic learner who has a keen interest  in  finance.  In  his  career  spanning, he  has  well  rounded  experience  in  business management -from managing business strategies  to  managing  operations  to  providing board-level  over  sights  &amp;  governance.  He  is passionate about helping SME  and  Start-up mentoring. His area  of ability and  oversight includes credit analysis, equity research, corporate  finance,  investment  banking  and  IT industry.  He  has  spent  15  years  in  corporate organizations like BSE India, CARE Ratings, Marwadi Shares and Finance and CRISIL Limited.

Mr. Prajapati had given his consent to act as a Director in terms of Section 152 of the Act, 2013. Further,  the  Company  had,  in  terms  of  Section 160 of the Act, 2013, received in writing a notice from him, signifying his candidature as a Director and  also  received  a  declaration  to  the  effect that  he  meets  the  criteria  of  independence  as provided  in  Section  149(6)  and  (7)  of  the  Act, read with Rules framed thereunder. The Company  had  also  received  a  declaration  to the  effect  that  Mr.  Prajapati  is  not  disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of

Section  164  of  the  Act,  2013  and  he  is  not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of SEBI Order or any  other authority, pursuant to BSE circular dated June 20, 2018.

Further, the Board of Directors of the Company is of  the  opinion  that  Mr.  Prajapati  is  a  person  of integrity and has relevant experience and expertise to be appointed as Independent Director of the Company for the aforesaid term. Mr.  Prajapati  will  be  entitled  to  a  remuneration by way of sitting fees in line with the sitting fees payable  to  other  Independent  Directors  and Non-executive  Directors  of  the  Company  as approved by the Board of Directors.

Pursuant to the provisions of Rule 6 of  the Companies  (Appointment and qualifications) Rules, 2014, the name of Mr. Prajapati has been included in  the  data  bank  of  Independent Directors maintained by Indian Institute of Corporate  Affairs  ('Institute'),  and  he  has  also passed  the  online  proficiency  self-assessment test  conducted  by  the  Institute  on  October  12, 2021.

A draft letter of appointment of Mr. Prajapati as an  Independent  Director  setting  out  the  terms and  conditions  of  his  appointment  and  notice under  section  160  will also  be  available  for inspection electronically as the same would be uploaded  on  the  website  of  the  Company  at https://dmrengineering.net/ The aforesaid documents  shall  also  be  made  available  for physical  inspection  on  all  working  days,  except Saturday, between 11:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. up to  the  date  of  the  ensuing  Annual  General Meeting at the Registered Office of the company.

The Board recommends the resolutions set forth in  Item  No.  5  for  the  approval  of  Members  by way of an Ordinary Resolution.

Save and except Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati and his relatives, to the extent of their shareholding  interest,  if  any,  in  the  Company, none of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, and/or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution mentioned at Item No. 5 of the Notice.

## Resolution at Item No. 6

The  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee and  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  in their meetings dated April 20, 2022 and May 18, 2022 respectively recommended the appointment of Mr. Surajit Dutta (DIN: 06687032) as an additional director in the capacity of Nonexecutive  Director  and  subsequently,  as  Nonexecutive Director with effect from May 18, 2022.

Mr.  Dutta,  is  a  member  of  the  Institute  of  Cost Accountant of India, and a seasoned professional  in  the  finance  and  internal  audit department.  He  has  recently  superannuated from the post of Chief Financial Officer of IRCON Limited, a listed public sector company. In view of the Board, his induction to the Board not only will strengthen the Corporate Governance in the Company  but  also  be  of  immense  benefits  to the Company.

Mr.  Dutta  had  given  his  consent  to  act  as  a Director in terms of Section 152 of the Act, 2013. Further,  the  Company  had,  in  terms  of  Section 160 of the Act, 2013, received in writing a notice from him, signifying his candidature as a Director. The Company had also received a declaration to  the  effect  that  Mr.  Dutta  is  not  disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section  164  of  the  Act,  2013  and  he  is  not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of SEBI Order or any  other authority, pursuant to BSE circular dated June 20, 2018.

Further, the Board of Directors of the Company is  of  the  opinion  that  Mr.  Dutta  is  a  person  of integrity  and  has  relevant  experience  and expertise. Mr. Dutta will be entitled to  a remuneration by way of sitting fees in line with the sitting fees payable to other Independent

Directors  and  Non-executive  Directors  of  the Company as approved by the Board of Directors.

The notice under section 160 will also  be available  for  inspection  electronically  as  the same would be uploaded on the website of the Company  at  https://dmrengineering.net/ The aforesaid documents shall also be made available  for  physical  inspection  on  all  working days, except Saturday, between 11:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. up to the date of the ensuing Annual General Meeting at the Registered Office of the company.

The Board recommends the resolutions set forth in  Item  No.  6  for  the  approval  of  Members  by way of an Ordinary Resolution.

Save and  except  Mr. Surajit Dutta and  his relatives, to the extent  of  their  shareholding interest,  if  any,  in  the  Company,  none  of  the Directors  or  Key  Managerial  Personnel  of  the Company, and/or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in  the  proposed  resolution  mentioned  at  Item No. 6 of the Notice.

## Resolution at Item No. 7

Ms.  Neelam  Mittal,  aged  around  61  years  is Promoter and Executive Director of the Company.  She  has  been  on  the  Board  of  the Company since incorporation.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Audit  Committee,  keeping  in  view  of  her  vast experience  and  exposure  in  human  resource department, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 18, 2022 has re-appointed Ms. Neelam Mittal as a Whole Time  Director  for  a  period  of  3  years  w.e.f. October  1,  2022,  subject  to  approval  of  the members of the Company.

Ms.  Neelam  Mittal  holds  degree  in  Department of  Economics,  Master  of  Arts  from  Kurukshetra University in the year 1982. She leads  and monitors the human resource department of the Company.  The  terms  and  conditions  of  the appointment of Ms. Neelam Mittal are as follows:

Period: For 3 years w.e.f October 1, 2022.

<!-- image -->

## Remuneration:

- Basic Salary: Rs. 50,000 (Rupees Fifty thousand only) per month; 1.
- Ms.  Mittal  shall  be  entitled  to  the  perquisites, benefits, and allowance as may be decided by Board and / or Nomination and Remuneration Committee from time to time; 2.
- In addition to above, she shall be entitled for Company's  contribution  to  Provident  Fund, leave  encashment  and  payment  of  gratuity as per the HR Policy of the Company; 3.
- Minimum Remuneration: Where in any financial year  during the  currency  of  her tenure,  the  Company  has  no  profits  or  its profits are inadequate, the aforesaid remuneration  shall  be  paid  to  Ms.  Neelam Mittal,  Whole-time  Director  as  the  minimum remuneration. 4.
- Ms.  Mittal  shall  not  be  entitled  to  any  sitting fees  for  attending  meetings  of  the  Board  or Committees thereof; 5.
- The  perquisites  shall  be  valued  in  terms  of actual expenditure incurred by the Company and shall be evaluated wherever applicable as  per  Income  Tax  Act,  1961  or  rules  made thereunder and any modification thereof. 6.

The above may be treated as a written memorandum setting out the terms of reappointment of  Ms.  Mittal  under  Section  190  of the Act.

The  Board  recommends the resolutions set forth in  Item  No.  7  for  the  approval  of  Members  by way of Special Resolution.

Save and except Ms. Neelam Mittal, Mr. Subhash Chander  Mittal,  Managing  Director,  and  their relatives, to the extent of their  shareholding interest, in the Company, none of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel  of  the  Company, and/or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in  the proposed resolution mentioned at Item No. 7 of the Notice.

## Resolution at Item No. 8

Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao, aged around 61 years, was  appointed  as  the  Independent  Director  of the Company w.e.f September 30, 2021. Mr. Rao holds  degree  in  B.  Sc  (Engineering)  Civil  from Regional  Engineering  College  Rourkela,  India 1984. Prior to working with our Company, he was working with NHPC Limited as General Manager. He has more than 35 years of experience in the field of infrastructure management.

In  order  to  utilize  his  professional  experience  in the operations of the Company, and in view of good  corporate  governance  practices  in  the Company,  it  was  proposed  to  change  the designation of Mr. Rao from Independent Director  to  the  Non-executive  Director  of  the Company.

Mr. Rao has provided his consent for the change in designation from Independent Director to the Non-executive Director of the Company in Form DIR-2,  and  declaration  pursuant  to  BSE  Circular June 20, 2018.

The  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee and the Board of Directors has already recommended the change in designation of Mr. Rao in its meeting dated April 20, 2022 and May 18, 2022 respectively.

Therefore,  the  matter  has  been  placed  before the  members  for  the  change  in  designation  of Mr. Rao from Independent Director to the Nonexecutive  Director  of  the  Company,  effective from May 18, 2022.

The Board recommends the resolutions set forth in  Item  No.  8  for  the  approval  of  Members  by way of Ordinary Resolution.

Save and except Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao, and their relatives, to the extent of their shareholding interest,  in  the  Company,  none  of  the  Directors or  Key  Managerial  Personnel  of  the  Company, and/or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in  the proposed resolution mentioned at Item No. 8 of the Notice.

## Resolution at Item No. 9

As  per  the  provisions  of  Section  20  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013,  a  shareholder  may  request  for  any document  through  a  particular  mode,  for  which  the  shareholder  shall  pay  such  fees  as  may  be determined by the Company in its annual general meeting. Since the cost of providing documents may vary  according  to  the  mode  of  service,  weight  and  its  destination  etc.,  therefore  it  is  proposed  that actual expense that may be borne by the Company for such dispatch will be paid in advance by the shareholder to the company.

The Board of Directors recommends passing of the Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 7 of this Notice.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, and/or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed resolution mentioned at Item No. 9 of the Notice.

## The details of the Directors pursuant to para 1.2.5 of SS-2 ('Secretarial Standard on General Meetings'), Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable provisions, are provided in the table below:

| Particulars  Name of the Director  Mr. Dahyalal Bansilal Prajapati  Mr. Bansilal Dolatram Prajapati  May 26, 1985  37 Years  May 18, 2022  Mr. Surajit Dutta  Mr. Jyotsna Kumar Dutta  March 07, 1962  60 years  May 18, 2022  Father's Name  Date of Birth  Age  Date of first Appointment  Brief  resume  and  expertise  in specific functional areas  Mr.  Prajapati  is  a  high  achieving  individual  and  an  enthusiastic  learner who has a keen interest in  finance.  A  highly  ethical  professional  with  MBA  (Finance).  In  his  career  spanning,  he  has  well  rounded  experience  in  business  management  -  from  managing  business  strategies  to  managing  operations  to  providing board-level over sights  &amp;  governance.  He  is  passionate  about  helping  SME  and  Start-up  mentoring. His area of ability and  oversight includes credit analysis,  equity  research,  corporate  finance, investment banking and  IT industry. He has spent 15 years  in  corporate  organizations  like  BSE India, CARE Ratings, Marwadi  Shares  and  Finance  and  CRISIL  Limited.  Mr.  Dutta  has  about  34  year  post  qualification  experience  in  Public  Sector  Undertakings.  He  had worked in NHPC Limited up  to  the  post  of  Senior  Manager  (Finance).  He  joined  as  Additional  General  Manager  (Finance) in IRCON International  Ltd.  ('IRCON')  a  Railway  PSU,  and  a  leading  construction  company  in  India  having  presence  in  all  infrastructure  fields  in  India  and  in  foreign  countries.  He  has  worked  as  Executive  Director  (Finance)  and  CFO,  Chief  Investors  Relation  Officer  in  IRCON  and  also  he  worked  as  Board  Director  in  many  Subsidiary  Companies of IRCON and Joint  Ventures.  He  has  worked  in  Mozambique  as  Director  (Finance).  He  is  having  vast  working  experience  in  all  fields  of  Finance  &amp;  Accounts  Department  including  Board  Member  and  as  the  Chairman  of  Audit  Committee  of  many  Companies.  Details of the Director  Details of the Director   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| MBA (Finance)  Fellow member of the Institute of  Cost Accountants of India, and  MBA (Finance)  As  detailed  in  the  respective  resolution  and  explanatory  statement.  Nil  Member  of  Audit  Committee  and  Stakeholders'  Relationship  Committee in the Company  Nil  Nil  Nil  Not Applicable  None  Mr.  Dutta  will  be  entitled  to  a  remuneration  by  way  of  sitting  fees  in  line  with  the  sitting  fees  payable  to  other  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company  as  approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors.  Not Applicable  The draft terms and conditions of  his appointment as Independent  Director  are  available  for  inspection electronically and are  uploaded on the website of the  Company  at  https://dmrengineering.net/  Nil  Chairman  of  Nomination  &amp;  Remuneration  Committee  and  Stakeholders'  Relationship  Committee;  and  Member  of  Audit  Committee  in  the  Company  Nil  Nil  Nil  Not Applicable  None  Mr. Prajapati will be entitled to a  remuneration  by  way  of  sitting  fees  in  line  with  the  sitting  fees  payable  to  other  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company  as  approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors.  Not Applicable  Qualification  Terms  and  conditions  of appointment  Directorship  held  in  other  companies  including  Listed  Companies  Chairman/member  of  the  committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors of the Company  Chairman/member  of  the  committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors of other companies  (including  listed  companies)  in which he/she is a director  Listed entities from which the  person  has  resigned  in  the  past three years  Number of shares held in the  Company  including  shareholding as a beneficial  owner  No.  of  Board  meetings  attended  during  the  financial year 2021-22  Relationship  with  other  Directors,  Manager  and  KMPs of the Company  Details  of  remuneration  sought to be paid, if any  Remuneration  last  drawn,  if  any   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| In  the  opinion  of  the  Board,  Mr. Prajapati  possesses  appropriate skills,  experience  &amp;  knowledge and fulfils the conditions for appointment as Independent Director  as  specified  in  the  Act and  the  SEBI  Listing  Regulations and  that  he  is  independent  of the management of the Company.  In  the  opinion of the Board, Mr. Dutta possesses appropriate skills,  experience  &amp;  knowledge and fulfils the conditions for appointment as the Director as specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations.  Justification for choosing the appointee  for  appointment and the skills and capabilities required for the role and the manner in which the proposed person meets such requirements.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Name of the Director  Mr. Bangam Prasad Rao  Mr. Bangam Laxman Rao  April 12, 1961  61 Years  September 30, 2021  Ms. Neelam Mittal  Mr. Rajkumar Arya  February 04, 1961  61 Years  Since incorporation  Father's Name  Date of Birth  Age  Date of first Appointment  Brief  resume  and  expertise  in specific functional areas  Qualification  Terms  and  conditions  of  appointment  Directorship  held  in  other  companies  including  Listed  Companies  Chairman/member  of  the  committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors of the Company  Chairman/member  of  the  committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of  other  companies  (including  listed  companies) in which he/she  is a director  Listed  entities  from  which  the  person  has  resigned  in  the past three years  He  holds  degree  in  B.  Sc  (Engineering) Civil from Regional  Engineering  College  Rourkela,  India  1984.  Prior  to  working  with  our  Company,  he  was  working  with  NHPC  Limited  as  General  Manager.  He  has  more  than  35  years of experience in the field of  infrastructure management.  B. Sc (Civil Engineering)  As  detailed  in  the  respective  resolution  and  explanatory  statement.  Nil  Nil  Nil  Nil  Ms.  Mittal  holds  degree  in  Department  of  Economics,  Master  of  Arts  from  Kurukshetra  University  in  the  year  1982.  She  holds  more  than  a  decade  experience  in  the  field  of  engineering  industry.  She  leads  and  monitors  the  human  resource  department  of  the  Company.  M.A (Economics)  As  detailed  in  the  respective  resolution  and  explanatory  statement.  DM  Consulting  Engineers  Private Limited;  M R Foundation  1.  2.  Nil  Nil  Nil  Details of the Director  Details of the Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Nil  8  None  Mr.  Rao  will  be  entitled  to  a  remuneration  by  way  of  sitting  fees  in  line  with  the  sitting  fees  payable  to  other  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company  as  approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors.  Not Applicable  In  the  opinion  of  the  Board,  Mr.  Rao  possesses  appropriate  skills,  experience  &amp;  knowledge  and  fulfils  the  conditions  for  appointment  as  Director  as  specified in the Act and the SEBI  Listing Regulations.  12,88,000 shares  16  Ms. Neelam Mittal is wife of Mr.  Subhash  Chander  Mittal,  Managing Director  Please  refer  the  explanatory  statement.  Rs. 50,000 per month  In  the opinion of the Board, Ms.  Neelam  Mittal  possesses  appropriate  skills,  experience  &amp;  knowledge  and  fulfils  the  conditions  for  appointment  as  the  Director  as  specified  in  the  Act  and  the  SEBI  Listing  Regulations.  Number of shares held in the  Company  including  shareholding as a beneficial  owner  No.  of  Board  meetings  attended  during  the  financial year 2021-22  Relationship  with  other  Directors,  Manager  and  KMPs of the Company  Details  of  remuneration  sought to be paid, if any  Remuneration  last  drawn,  if  any  Justification for choosing  the  appointee  for  appointment   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By order of the Board For DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited

Ravinder Kumar Company Secretary and Compliance Officer Membership No. A68152

Place: Faridabad Date: August 18, 2022

## The statement containing additional information as required  under  schedule  v  of  the  companies  act,  2013 (the 'act') with respect to item no. 7

## I. GENERAL INFORMATION

## Nature of industry: (a)

DMR Hydroengineering &amp; Infrastructures Limited is engaged in the business of providing engineering consultancy and due diligence services to hydropower, dams, roads and railway tunnels etc.

## Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production: (b)

The Company commenced business from the date of its incorporation on December 15, 2009.

## In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by financial institutions appearing in the prospectus: (c) Not Applicable

## Financial performance based on given indicators (d)

| Particulars  Revenue from Operations  Other Income  Total Revenue  Total expenses  Profit before tax  Current Tax  Deferred Tax  Total Tax Expense  Profit/(Loss) for the period  2021-22  353.45  240.73  240.48  3.57  2.53  4.96  357.02  243.26  245.44  266.05  161.12  173.85  90.97  82.15  71.60  21.41  21.58  19.00  0.90  (0.22)  (0.38)  22.31  21.36  18.62  68.65  60.79  52.98  2020-21  2019-20   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign investments or collaborations, if any. (e)

As on March 31, 2022, the Company did not made any foreign investment or collaboration.

## II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE APPOINTEE:

## Background details, job profile and suitability: (a)

Ms. Neelam Mittal, aged around 61 years is Promoter and Executive Director of the Company. She has been on the Board of the Company since incorporation. She holds degree in Department of Economics, Master of Arts from Kurukshetra University in the year 1982. She leads and monitors the human resource department of the Company.

- Past Remuneration: Same as proposed remuneration. (b)
- Nil The remuneration or commission drawn by the individual concerned in any other capacity: (c)
- Nil The remuneration or commission drawn by him from any other company: (d)

<!-- image -->

## (Amount Rs. In Lakhs)

- Please refer the resolution no. 7 and explanatory statement thereof as mentioned above. Remuneration proposed: (e)
- Nil Recognition or awards: (f)
- Comparative  remuneration  profile  with  respect  to  industry,  size  of  the  Company,  profile  of  the position and person, and the relationship between remuneration and performance of the person (in case of expatriates the relevant details would be with respect to the country of origin): (g)

Ms. Neelam Mittal has been on the Board of the Company since incorporation. She holds degree in Department of Economics, Master of Arts from Kurukshetra University in the year 1982. She leads and monitors the human resource department of the Company. Her respective skill sets and experience place her in a correspondingly equal position at peer Companies in India. Considering her specific company  profile,  the  proposed  remuneration  is  in  line  with  the  industry  levels  and  that  of comparatively placed Companies in India.

- Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly  with  the  company,  or  relationship  with  the  managerial personnel or other director, if any: (h)

Ms.  Neelam Mittal,  promoter  and  Whole-time  Director,  is  the  wife  of  Mr.  Subhash  Chander  Mittal, Managing Director of the Company and holds 12,88,000 equity shares in the Company.

- The securities held by the director, including options and details of the shares pledged as at the end of the preceding financial year: (i)

As on March 31, 2022, Ms. Neelam Mittal holds 12,88,000 equity shares in the Company. Further, no stock options have been held and no shares have been pledged by Ms. Mittal.

- Whether remuneration policy for directors differs from remuneration policy for other employees and if so, an explanation for the difference: No (j)
- The principle of proportionality of remuneration within the company, ideally by a rating methodology which compares the remuneration of directors to that of other directors on the board who receives remuneration and employees or executives of the company. (k)

Please refer Annexure-III of the Board's report.

## III. OTHER INFORMATION:

- Reason of loss or inadequate profits: As on March 31, 2022, the Company did not have any loss or inadequate  profit.  The  disclosure  under  Schedule  V  has  been  given  as  a  matter  of  abundant precaution. (a)
- Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement and expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms: Not applicable (b)
- Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement and expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms: Not applicable (c)

By order of the Board For DMR Hydroengineering and Infrastructures Limited

Ravinder Kumar Company Secretary and Compliance Officer Membership No. A68152

Place: Faridabad

Date: August 18, 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Registered Office and Corporate Centre:  473, Sector 30, Faridabad, Haryana, India 121003

Contact Us

<!-- image -->

+91 129 4360445

<!-- image -->

www.dmrengineering.net

<!-- image -->

dmr@dmrengineering.net