DnA

## Annual Report 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Year 2022 will be remembered as a period of great uncertainty in the Finnish operating environment. The war against Ukraine that Russia started in February caused global uncertainty, clouding the economic outlook and affected the security environment in Finland as well.

Uncertainty emphasized even more the critical nature of our sector in our society and initiated extensive measures to guarantee our production capacity even in unprecedented exceptional circumstances. We substantially cooperated closely with our customers who are critical for security of supply and with other security of supply players. Something good resulted even from a bad situation and now we are more prepared than ever to face completely new kinds of threats.

Inflation	has	picked	up	speed	in	all	of	Europe	and is biting into consumers' purchasing power also in Finland, and the sharp rise of the most common reference rates continued towards the end of the year.

DNA's	January-December	figures	show	that	our business has developed steadily. Our total revenues grew 4% year-on-year, EBITDA increased 2%, and operating result increased 4%. Exceptionally high	price	inflation	and	rising	energy	prices	had	a negative impact on DNA's result.

DNA has continued big investments into the construction of its 5G network, which reached 80% of the population at the end of the year. The number of mobile subscriptions increased by 51,000 year-on-year, and their ARPU increased to EUR 17.4 from EUR 17.1 in previous year. DNA's growth as the fixed-network	market	leader	has	continued,	and	the demand for 5G services is also accelerating.

We	also	clarified	our	strategy	in	2022,	and	as	part of	that	work,	redefined	our	key	role	in	the	society as a provider of important communication connections. High-quality connections and devices that are easy to deploy and use, as well as digital skills and inclusion are a necessity for making our consumer and corporate customers' lives less complicated in the digital world.

<!-- image -->

DNA is responsible for providing network connections and services to millions

DNA is responsible for providing network connections and services to millions, and we want to do it well. By doing that, we can maintain high customer experience.

The importance of being a humane place to work was one of most important themes at DNA in 2022. As one of the concrete actions to promote a more humane approach, we published our employer promise in June, promising to support every employee to live a humane and one-of-a-kind life. We	can	achieve	the	most	satisfied	customers	and the best possible results when we look after the well-being of our personnel.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Highlights from 2022

<!-- image -->

## January

DNA begins cooperation with Plan International Finland to improve the digital job search skills of young people who have moved to Finland.

## February

The national security situation changes. The change sparks a great deal of activity at DNA in terms of security of supply and humanitarian aid. DNA stopped collecting call and roaming charges to Ukraine immediately on 24 February 2022. In addition, DNA employees made a donation of 50,000 euros for Ukrainians through well-known charities, and thousands of DNA Prepaid subscriptions with balances were donated to refugees.

## April

DNA and the Finnish Association for the Welfare of Older Adults start cooperation for digital skills of older people.

## June

-  The city of Turku selected DNA as the primary supplier of communications services.
- DNA's employer promise. DNA is a community that recognises different situations in life and gives everyone the freedom to choose where and how to work. All DNA employees have the opportunity for continuous learning and development.
- DNA Digiturva, designed as a collaboration between DNA and F-Secure, was released to the public. It blocks security threats and protects devices, personal data and internet use.

## September

Location-independent hiring experiment. In September, DNA's IT and technology departments started a hiring experiment in which any of DNA's locations across Finland can be chosen as the hiring location.

## October

Disconnect Day in favour of being fully present in the moment. According to DNA's survey, 44% of Finns feel they spend too much time with smart devices. DNA encourages everyone who can to put their phones aside for Disconnect Day on 2 October.

## December

DNA obtained the ISO 14001:2015 certificate	for	its Environmental Management System.

## Operating environment and strategy

Our society is highly digitalised, and the services offered by our industry are already widely used by consumers, businesses and communities in Finland. Our operations are characterised by intense competition.

The year 2022 was a time of uncertainty in our operating environment. The war against Ukraine started by Russia in February caused global uncertainty, clouding the economic outlook in	Finland	as	well.	Sharply	rising	inflation throughout Europe reduced consumers' purchasing power also in Finland. Energy and wholesale prices grew rapidly and could not be fully passed on to service prices.

DNA	continued	to	make	significant	investments in	5G	and	fibre	networks	and	transmission systems, despite the increase in production costs due to rising prices, as the need for high-quality connectivity remains high.

## DNA's strategy

DNA's main strategic goal is to have the most satisfied	customers	in	the	industry.	We	intend	to stand out from competition with good service. During the year, we made progress towards these goals in many ways. Surveys showed that the quality of our customer service was at a very high level last year, both in our service centres and in DNA Stores. The satisfaction of DNA's customers is also at a good level, even excellent in some of our operations.

During	the	year,	we	clarified	our	strategy	and	our core mission in society: we exist to bring together what matters most: enabling everyone to keep in touch with everything they consider important. High-quality connections, devices that are easy to deploy and use, and digital skills and inclusion are necessary for making our consumer and corporate customers' lives less complex in the digital world. DNA is responsible for providing network connections and services to millions, and we want to do it well. By investing in this task, we also maintain our customer experience at an excellent level.

## DNA in brief

DNA is a Finnish company domiciled in Helsinki.

## Our expert store

personnel serves customers interested in mobile devices and accessories, other operator services, as well as Internet for households. Our stores are proven to provide a very high level of customer service.

DNA is part of the Norwegian Telenor Group. We provide reliable and affordable connections - worldwide. While we serve our customers locally in Finland, they also benefit	from	the	good	roaming agreements	and	other	benefits offered by an international Group.

All in all, on average of 45 GB data per month was transferred in DNA's mobile network per subscription in 2022.

We invest strongly in network infrastructure. At the end of 2022, our 5G network reached approximately 4.4 million people in Finland.

## DNA's values:

Fast. Bold. Straightforward.

As part of our employer promise , we promoted a humane, one-of-a-kind approach to ourselves, others and the society in 2022.

## DNA's subsidiaries include

Moi Mobiili Oy, DNA Store Ltd, DNA Tower Finland Ltd, and DNA Welho Ltd.

We build connections to make sure everything is possible. We connect people and things. Reliable connections bring people closer together, make for smooth work, and give the society a strong digital backbone.

<!-- image -->

DNA's business has developed steadily in 2022: total revenues grew 4% year-on-year and EBITDA increased 2%. DNA's growth as the fixed-network market leader has continued, and the demand for 5G services is also accelerating.

To date, DNA has already sold hundreds of thousands of 5G subscriptions. Eight of the ten most popular phone models sold by DNA in 2022 were 5G-capable. Demand was also driven by 5G network, which reached 80% of the population at the end of the year.

In	2022,	DNA	launched	the	first	comprehensive data security service in Finland, 'Digiturva'. Due to the uncertain global situation, it is increasingly important to prepare for data security threats, and uncomplicated solutions are needed. The 'DNA Digiturva' service combines all the major information security features, protecting all devices, personal data, passwords, and Internet use. It is important for DNA to help every customer stay safe online. DNA also launched comprehensive coverage plan for new mobile devices in 2022.

Regarding DNA's corporate customers, the demand for additional services that boost business, and for corporate network solutions, or SD-WAN solutions in particular, continued to grow. DNA and Telenor continued to offer even more comprehensive solutions to Nordic corporate customers.

<!-- image -->

## DNA is aware of its responsibility in the digital world

Digitalisation brings both challenges and opportunities. Good connections, working devices, digital skills, and the feeling of inclusion in the digital world are among the necessities in day-to-day life in Finland. This is why DNA wants to participate in the creation of a more sustainable Finland where everyone has equal opportunities to participate.

<!-- image -->

However, we are also aware of the footprints we leave on this planet. Thousands of base stations and	kilometres	of	fibre-optic	cable,	as	well	as	their continuous maintenance and development require energy and natural resources. Finns lead the way in mobile data usage, which means a heavy workload for DNA's equipment facilities. Therefore, it is a necessity	to	participate	in	the	global	fight	against climate change. We are also aware of the fact that electrical and electronic waste is the world's fastest growing waste stream. We also sell devices which may be manufactured using minerals, such as gold and cobalt, the mining of which may involve violations of the UN principles for human rights. We need to know our supply chain as thoroughly as possible and support the recycling of customers' old devices.

The	significance	of	data	security	and	protection	is increasingly vital in the digital world. We want to be worthy of trust and at the same time open about the personal data we collect and how we process it. Maintaining a good data security culture is of vital importance for DNA - now more than ever because Russia's war of aggression against Ukraine.

None of these objectives can be achieved without a committed and motivated working community. This is why DNA considers it important to be a humane and one-of-a-kind place to work for all our employees - now and in the future.

## DNA's new sustainability programme

DNA renewed its sustainability programme in 2022. DNA's sustainability programme, objective setting, measures, and reporting are steered by stakeholder expectations and Telenor's requirements. DNA carried out a materiality analysis in early 2022, thoroughly interviewing CEO Jussi Tolvanen and Telenor's sustainability unit. Guided by EU's new Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and its proposal for reporting guidelines, DNA also considered its Group-wide risk assessment as well as	the	financial	impacts	of	the	material	topics.	DNA is aware that the material topics may need to be updated once the directive enters into force.

DNA's material topics and key areas are essentially the same as before, but the new objectives better reflect	the	high	importance	of	responsibility	at DNA, our aligned approach with Telenor as well as wishes from our various stakeholders. You can see a comprehensive list of DNA's material topics here.

DNA's sustainability programme consists of the following key areas:

-  Straightforward sustainable partner
-  Humane and one-of-a-kind of place to work
-  Digitally inclusive Finland
-  Moving data within planetary boundaries
-  Safe and secure services

## DNA's Sustainability Programme

## Connecting you to what matters most

We have an important task that we carry with responsibility and pride. High-quality connections and devices, digital skills and inclusion are a necessity for both consumer and corporate customers in the digital world. DNA is responsible for providing network connections and services to millions of people, and we want to do our job well.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## DNA and Telenor - sustainable together

DNA became part of the Telenor Group in 2019. As a global	operator,	Telenor	has	brought	new expertise	to	the	table,	helping	DNA	fine-tune	its sustainability approach. DNA has gained powerful insight into the global telecommunications operator business and new international perspective on the management of sustainability.

Also, comparing our operations with those of other Telenor countries, motivates us to improve our operations and strengthen our good practices even further. Well-functioning models from DNA have been	implemented	globally,	such	as	DNA's	flexible working concept, which has been implemented at Telenor Group as a whole. DNA's strong visions of fast, straightforward, and bold operations and principles have also gained ground, and DNA has been able to contribute, for example, to the development of policies and guidelines at Telenor Group.

## DNA's sustainability targets

Each key area, its targets and examples of main measures and their results in a nutshell:

<!-- image -->

| Target achieved  Work in progress  Work has not started or is not progressing  ## DNA's sustainability programme and key objectives  Strategic area  Target  Performance in 2022  A straight­  forward  sustainable  partner  100% of DNA employees have completed Telenor's  annual CoC training annually  100%  100% of relevant personnel have received and  completed human rights training annually  100%  (Procurement	&amp;	Data	Security	teams)  A humane  and one­of­  a­kind place  to work  40% share of women in senior salaried  roles by 2025  30.2%  Over 80% of employees see DNA as a place where  you can advance your career regardless of your  background  83%  A digitally  inclusive  Finland  Increase in the number of people trained in digital  skills (together with partners)  26 616 people trained in digital skills  (Year 2022 is the baseline year)  Moving  data within  planetary  boundaries  Carbon neutral DNA (Scope 1 and 2) by 2030  Scope 1: 89 CO  2  t  Scope 2: 7502 CO  2  t  (-54,5% compared to baseline year 2019)  68%	of	largest	suppliers	by	spend covered  by SBTs by 2025.  32% (entire Telenor Group 41%)  10%	increase	in	recycled	customer	devices	annually  +75%  Safe and  secure  services  100%	of	defined	staff	completed	data privacy	training  annually  100%   |
|---|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## We adhere to our Code of Conduct and legislation

DNA adheres to national legislation in all its operations. As an employer, DNA adheres to the principles of the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the UN Convention of the Rights of the Child, legislation on minimum wage and working hours, as well as general environmental, health, and safety requirements.

The main guideline for our operations is Telenor's Code of Conduct, which applies to all DNA employees. By the end of 2022, 100% of DNA personnel had completed and recapped Telenor's Code of Conduct training. DNA has an anonymous notification	channel	for	reporting	concerns	about

## Straightforward sustainable partner

We are committed to making sure sustainability is at the heart of our operations from our personnel to our suppliers.  We want to demonstrate that we run an ethical business that contributes positively to the Finnish society. The promotion of DNA's responsible decision-making model continued in 2022, complemented by Telenor's new policies.

unethical or unlawful behaviour. DNA's employees can report any concerns through the Telenor-wide Integrity Hotline.

No incidents of discrimination, corruption or bribery,	or	human	rights	violations	were	identified at DNA in 2022.

DNA participates in the following sustainability initiatives:

-  UN Global Compact (member of Network Finland as a subsidiary of Telenor)
-  Corporate Responsibility Network FIBS
- Inklusiiv ry
-  Science Based Targets Initiative (as part of Telenor)

## Policies guide DNA's sustainability work

Our sustainability policies and manuals that complement them are shared with Telenor and include the following:

-  Group Policy, Sustainability
- Group	manuals:	Sustainability	Environment	&amp; Climate, Sustainability Human Rights Due Diligence, Sustainability Partnerships, Sustainability E-Waste and Recycling, Responsible Business Reporting
-  Group Policy, Business Partner Management
-  Group Policy, Privacy
-  Group Policy, Anti-Corruption
-  Group Policy, People
- 	 Group	manual:	Diversity	&amp;	Inclusion

## Organisation of sustainability at DNA

The Sustainability Manager reports on the realisation of sustainability objectives to DNA's Executive Team and Board of Directors every six months. The body that ultimately accounts for DNA's sustainability is the Board of Directors.

In addition, DNA reports to Telenor four times a year in accordance with the Group-level responsibility objectives	and	DNA's	figures	are	also	included	in	the Telenor Group Sustainability report. You can read the report here.

## Management of sustainability risks

DNA's risk management process provides reports on risks and risk management methods to the Executive Team and Board of Directors. Operational plans	for	the	management	of	significant	risks	are drafted based on risk management reports, and the Executive Team and Audit Committee monitor the implementation of these plans. Sustainability risks are given equal consideration and are included in the company's overall risk management process and risk management reports.

For more information on risk management, please see Board of Director's Report.

## Organisation of sustainability at DNA

<!-- image -->

## DNA and human rights

DNA	conducted	its	first	Human	Rights	Due	Diligence assessment in 2021. As DNA is a telecommunications operator, the main human rights related impacts are related to freedom of expression and privacy. This is why we must pay special attention to data security, and make sure that everyone at DNA understands the potential risks related to their work.

Other important themes in this area include looking after the well-being of our employees as well as enabling diversity at work. We also want to protect and safeguard children online as well as promote digital inclusion among all age groups.

The Board of Directors discusses sustainability issues based on proposals by DNA's Executive Team. The Board approves the sustainability report as part of the Board of Directors' report.

DNA's	Executive	Team	monitors	the	results	of	operations	and	discusses	factors	with	significant sustainability impact. The CEO is in charge of sustainability in the Executive Team. The CEO decides on the main principles of sustainability based on proposals by the Sustainability Manager and Senior Vice President,	Communications,	Sustainability	&amp;	Brand	Development.

SVP,	Communications,	Sustainability	&amp;	Brand	Development	is	responsible	for	and	reports	to	the	Executive Team on the realisation of sustainability objectives.

The Sustainability Manager coordinates the implementation of sustainability at DNA and is responsible for sustainability compliance and projects.

The working groups discuss and plan matters related to sustainability and decide on their implementation and responsibilities.

In 2022, DNA's Sustainability Manager provided basic human rights training to DNA's information security and procurement personnel, explaining the impact of their roles in the enforcement of human rights.

<!-- image -->

## Responsible procurement at DNA

DNA expects all partners to take economic, environmental, and social responsibility into consideration in their operations. DNA enforces a Supplier Code of Conduct. In 2022, an increasing number	of	significant	new	suppliers	have	also signed Telenor's Supplier Conduct Principles. These principles are always an essential part of the supplier agreement and also apply to the supplier's subcontractors. DNA's Supplier Code of Conduct also includes the requirement to uphold human rights and operate in a responsible manner.

DNA works with thousands of suppliers and subcontractors, a few dozen of which are considered to	be	significant	suppliers.	Significant	suppliers include equipment manufacturers, solution providers, developers, and consulting companies, for	example.	Some	of	the	significant	suppliers	and subcontractors operate in countries that involve risks,	such	as	China	and	India.	Significant	suppliers are assessed regularly in terms of human rights risks, security and privacy risks, product and service risks, supplier risks, and country risks. Some of the significant	suppliers	and	subcontractors	operate in countries that involve risks, such as China and India.	Responsibility	of	significant	suppliers	and subcontractors is also monitored regularly by surveys and joint meetings.

In 2022, DNA adopted Telenor's Business Partner Management model, which is a much more detailed and structured model covering the suppliers' operations from the signing of the contract to the post-contract stage. DNA will adopt Telenor's business partner risk management system in the beginning of 2023 to monitor, analyse and manage all corrective measures related to shortcomings in responsible business conduct.

DNA also made a stronger commitment to enforcing a climate goal among its suppliers in 2022. As part of Telenor, DNA contributes to the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) with the aim that two thirds, or 68%, of our main suppliers, by spend, shall set science-based targets meeting the Paris Climate Agreement target. DNA issued a survey to	its	significant	suppliers	on	their	climate	targets, organised two remote sessions with Telenor for suppliers	and	has	also	discussed	supplier-specific topics in individual meetings.

The compliance function works together with sustainability and procurement functions to monitor responsible procurement and related measures at DNA.

## Anti-corruption and anti-bribery

DNA has zero-tolerance of corruption and bribery: the Group's Code of Conduct bans any corruption, and this is also emphasised during the annual mandatory training for all employees. DNA also has separate guidelines for the giving and receiving of business gifts. The company does not have a separate risk assessment process for corruption. Any corruption risk is assessed as part of the Group's risk management process. No incidents of corruption or bribery	were	identified	at	DNA	in	2022.

## Transparent advocacy

The principles according to which DNA uses social influence	stem	from	the	company's	values	and	Code of Conduct. The aim is to establish open two-way communication between decision-makers and DNA. The	objectives	of	social	influence	are	based	on DNA's business strategy and business objectives.

The communication is also a means of disseminating information	to	provide	a	balanced	view	of	benefits as well as possible challenges or problematic areas. The communication is respectful of the views of the other party, such as a decision-maker or other type of stakeholder.

Telenor has joined the EU Transparency Register. The Transparency Register, or lobbyist register, has been introduced to answer basic questions such as these: what interests are being represented at EU level, who represents those interests and with what budgets. The register is jointly maintained by the European Parliament and the European Commission.

As part of the Telenor Group, DNA has had the opportunity to access Telenor's EU networks and expertise as well as working on a joint Nordic platform in EU affairs.

## DNA's tax footprint

In 2022, the taxes and tax-like fees paid by DNA in Finland amounted to EUR 189 million (201). DNA pays all its taxes in Finland. By doing so, DNA contributes to the development of the Finnish society as a whole.

Taxes paid by DNA comprise direct, indirect, and collected taxes. Direct taxes consist of corporate income tax and tax-like fees paid directly by DNA. Value-added tax is an indirect tax paid by DNA. Collected taxes include tax collected and paid to the state, such as withholding taxes collected from employees' salaries and other self-assessed taxes, such as withholding taxes and source taxes on dividends.

Traficom	is	a	public	sector	operator	to	which DNA pays tax-like fees, which were EUR 10 million in 2022 (22). These fees include, for example, spectrum licences, the information society fee, and communications network numbering fees.

Taxation is a factor considered in DNA's operation, operational processes, and risk management. DNA aims to reach an optimal taxation outcome in compliance with tax legislation, accounting legislation, and other regulations.

The	taxes	specified	in	the	taxation	contribution section are accrual-based

## Tax footprint

<!-- image -->

| EUR million  2022  2021  Direct taxes and tax-like fees  Social and pension contributions  19  20  Corporate income tax  17  20  Fees paid to Finnish Transport and  Communications Agency Traficom  10  22  Indirect taxes  Value added tax  117  113  Collected taxes  Withholding tax  26  26  Source tax  0  0  Other self-assessed taxes  0  0  Total  189  201   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Humane and one-of-a-kind of place to work

For years, here at DNA we have followed a philosophy according to which the most satisfied customers can be achieved when we look after the well-being of our personnel. This is why the way we think, feel and act is humane. We want to provide everyone the freedom to shine as individuals in a diverse working community where employee well-being is high, and the atmosphere is one of trust and responsibility.

## Why does DNA want to be a humane and one-of-a-kind place to work?

We know that to provide the best possible customer service, we need to be an excellent place to work. This is why we support the well-being of our personnel in many ways. DNA is a family-friendly employer that embraces diversity. The way the company is managed is based on mutual trust. We want to support the development of our personnel and encourage a working culture that is aligned with our values: fast, straightforward, and bold. We have successfully built a strong working culture at DNA, placing	first	in	Finland	in	the	Great	Place	to	Work survey (GPTW) in 2019.

Our workforce is diverse in many ways. The personnel at DNA comprises more than 1,600 professionals	from	a	range	of	different	fields.	It includes experts in information and communication technologies, data coding and programming, marketing and communications, legal affairs and regulation, customer service and sales as well as human resources - and this represents just a small part	of	our	operations.	DNA	operates	in	13	office locations around Finland and serves customers in more than 60 DNA Stores.

## Satisfied personnel

Telenor's Group-wide personnel satisfaction survey provides us with valuable insight into the experience of DNA employees, feedback for assessing the current situation and development, as well as

<!-- image -->

DNA's new employer promise guarantees happier employees.

comparative information about where we are in comparison to the other countries. DNA and Telenor Norway got the best results among the Nordic subsidiaries. The response rate of the 2022 survey was 68%.

According to the results, DNA's strengths are its corporate culture that emphasises a humane and one-of-a-kind DNA and the ability to maintain a healthy work-life balance. Suggestions for improvements included better cooperation and communication across organisational boundaries as well as employees' opportunities for creating their own career paths. As the survey results did not quite reach the previously recorded levels, DNA will aim to identify ways to turn the tide in 2023.

In order for the results to have a genuine impact on the development of our working culture and operations, the review of results and action planning will be carried out with the entire personnel. The results are reviewed at three levels: team, function, and company.

<!-- image -->

92% of our employees feel that they can come to work with their unique one-of-akindness.

## DNA's new employer promise:

## Humane and one-of-a-kind DNA

## Why does working life need humanity? Watch the real-life stories:

DNA published its new employer promise in June 2022.  Our promise is a tool for change towards a better working life. It is also genuine: if DNA employees feel that the	promise	is	not	fulfilled	in	everyday working life, they can discuss this with their supervisor who will intervene and, when necessary, will take the issue further. With the employer promise, DNA guarantees that our organisation can deliver on our customer promise of	having	the	most	satisfied	customers - after all, best customer service is provided	by	satisfied	personnel.

DNA's employer promise comprises of five	pillars:	straightforwardness,	one-of-akindness, family-friendliness, continuous development and getting things done.

When publishing the promise, we also released videos of our employees sharing their individual, one-of-a-kind stories. The videos were very popular and broke previous viewership records.

Read more about DNA's employer promise

The long adoption process was a test of the humanity of working life

<!-- image -->

Watch Tarja's story

Work burnout 13 years ago brought an insight that revolutionized the way of working

<!-- image -->

Watch Marko's story

Losing a child was a hard lesson in empathy

<!-- image -->

Watch Jussi's story

Lawyer-Elisa changes to Forest-Elisa in her free time

<!-- image -->

Watch Elisa's story

## One-of-a-kind, diverse DNA

We need a tolerant, non-discriminatory, and inclusive working culture to provide a safe working environment and to be able to fully look after the diverse needs of our customers.

diversity. This remained a strong focus area for DNA in 2021, and the work resulted, for example, in the launch of the One-of-a-kind website. In 2022, DNA organised two internal One-of-a-kind events.

DNA conducted diversity mapping in 2019 to uncover how diverse DNA is, what kind of attitudes prevail at the moment, and to collect feedback on discrimination. This work continued in 2020 with the introduction of an operational plan to promote

The overall goal is a diverse workforce with a positively	changed	mindset	towards	diversity and inclusion. We have already worked towards this successfully: as many as 92% (93%) of DNA employees feel that they can be themselves at work, and 83% (85%) feel they can advance their careers regardless of their background. Overall,

## DNA placed emphasis on diversity in the One-of-a-kind events

Diversity was highlighted by organising two events for DNA personnel in 2022, allowing employees to discuss their personal experiences.

Guest speakers were also invited to provide fresh insights. In the spring, we heard from occupational psychologist Max Kuznetsov and in the	autumn,	from	certified	human	rights	trainer and diversity, equity and inclusion consultant Dakota Robin.

Both events had almost 500 participants, and the video recordings are among DNA's most popular internal content.

<!-- image -->

In	September,	we	focused	on	ways	to	find	courage	for openness at DNA - openly being yourself and being open to others' one-of-a-kindness.

DNA	employees	are	also	satisfied	with	how	their	team supervisors deal with diversity: the four new questions on this topic got an average score of 4.3 points out of 5.

DNA will need to place more emphasis on diversity in practice, because at the moment, the workforce is quite homogenous. We will do this by placing special attention to the recruitment of women, people of all ages as well as non-native Finnish speaking candidates, and by promoting career path opportunities, for example. In 2023, DNA will start projects with Mimmit koodaa ('Women code') and Plan International Finland to promote interest in working in ICT among women and girls.

Like many other companies in the IT sector, DNA is facing a challenge in improving gender equality in management roles. DNA aims to increase the proportion of women in management to 35% by 2023 and to 40% by 2030. At the moment, it is 31%.

Other means of promoting diversity at DNA in 2022 included continuing the recruitment campaign where applicants are not asked to reveal their age or gender, nor do they need to write an application or provide a CV.

We also made the decision to make English the	second	official	language	in	DNA's	internal communication from the beginning of 2023.

DNA's diversity targets are monitored internally and reported to the Board of Directors twice a year.

DNA,	Elisa,	and	Telia	Finland	continued	as	official partners of Helsinki Pride in 2022 under the theme 'Together'.

## Family-Friendly Workplace

At DNA, family friendliness consists of practical action above all else. For some, it means more time for hobbies or friends, while for others it means flexible	work	that	takes	account	of	the	needs	of	their family - keeping in mind that family does not only refer to a family with children. We understand that a healthy	work-life	balance	promotes	well-being	and the ability to work.

The Family Federation of Finland has granted DNA the	Family-Friendly	Workplace	certificate . The evaluation criteria consisted of the outcome of a family-friendliness survey among employees, the quality and implementation of our development plan, as well as audits by the Family Federation of the practical implementation of family friendliness in various	DNA	offices.

In 2021, DNA published a series of 15 'Our family' videos to showcase different types of families around Finland. For some, family means children, to others a spouse or spouses, yet others consider their friends or pets as family members. What is important is that everyone has a family. In 2022, familyfriendliness	was	also	named	one	of	the	five	pillars of DNA's employer promise.

## We promote health and well-being at DNA

DNA's goal is personnel that leads well-balanced, happy, healthy, and safe lives. We monitor and promote personnel well-being in cooperation with internal and external stakeholder partners.

Supervisors play an important role in enabling uncomplicated working practices and promoting working ability. If an employee faces challenges, DNA works with its occupational health care provider Mehiläinen to identify the best ways to support anyone with reduced working capacity. We also work continuously with our occupational health service as well as pension and accident insurance providers to learn to identify work-related risk factors that decrease working ability. Every year, we analyse the factors that increase the risk of disability among our personnel and launch targeted campaigns to combat them.

We will support our supervisors' everyday skills in this area by organising coaching for them in the winter of 2022-2023. We also promoted the cooperation between supervisors, HR, and occupational health care in 2022 by introducing a new, working ability management system called 'EsihenkilöKompassi' ('Supervisor compass') which better helps us support the working ability of our employees. The new system also allows employees to access their own working ability data.

## Respiratory tract infections increased sickness absences

Sickness-related absenteeism at DNA was higher in 2022 than in previous years. Sick leave days were up by 3,956 from 2021. The number of sick leave days was 8.6 per employee, compared to 6.3 in 2021. Respiratory tract infections, such as COVID infections, were the main cause for the increase. Sick leave days due to respiratory tract infections increased by 2,484 in 2022 from 2021.

The volume and reasons of longer periods of sick leaves were similar to those in previous years. Mental health issues are the main reason for longer periods of sick leaves, but there has been a moderate decrease in the total number of days over the past two years.

The number of people with musculoskeletal system problems was also slightly higher in 2022 from 2021. This was caused by longer waiting lists for operations in certain locations as well as the amount of days worked from home, which meant less everyday exercise for many. In 2022, Fjuul's exercise challenge encouraged DNA personnel to be more active with the goal of completing a 30-minute session on 20 days in a month. Employees are also encouraged to exercise during breaks and organise walking meetings. DNA's employees are the most avid users of Mehiläinen's lifestyle coaching programmes that focus on topics such as exercise and sleep.

## Spirit of community supports well-being

A well-working team often boosts well-being at work. With the growth of remote work and resulting weaker sense of community, smooth teamwork has become more challenging. At DNA, we boost community spirit	by	many	ways,	such	as	team-specific	events organised	by	team	members,	location-specific clubs organised by employees as well as events organised by DNA Kummit ('DNA Peers'). DNA has also	identified	the	need	to	update	DNA's	operating model	to	prevent	conflicts	and	harassment	in	the working community. To support this, personnel and supervisors will have coaching sessions on interaction and teamwork skills in 2023.

## Support for better work-life balance

We want to make the lives of DNA personnel less complicated with the following services and operating models:

## Flexible working

DNA's	flexible	method	of	working	was	introduced more than a decade ago. The concept is based on freedom, responsibility, and trust. Using mobile workstations, the employees decide independently where they work, without discussing this with their supervisor. In 2022, DNA increased the freedom and flexibility	of	work	even	further,	allowing	employees to work abroad for longer periods. Telenor has also	been	very	interested	in	DNA's	flexible	working concept and is in the process of implementing it in its global operations.

## Easily accessible low-threshold mental health services

DNA employees can book appointments with Mehiläinen's occupational psychologist by email. In addition, they can use the Auntie service, which provides online support for employees' mental well-being.

## Grandparental leave

DNA's grandparental leave for employees is a	well-established	benefit,	and	several	new grandparents took the leave in 2022. All DNA employees who become grandparents are entitled to one week's paid grandparental leave to spend time with their family. In total, almost 90 DNA employees have taken the leave so far.

## Support for looking after elderly relatives

An increasing proportion of the working population is worried about a senior citizen, such as a parent. To address this issue, DNA continued to support employees who are looking after a senior citizen in 2022. The pilot stage started in early 2020. The	employee	benefit	is	provided	in	cooperation with Gubbe Sydänystävä Oy, which provides companionship services for elderly people. DNA pays a large proportion of the non-medical service purchased by an employee to an elderly relative.

## The Job Match model

Changes sometimes occur in our employees' working ability, personal circumstances, or career aspirations. As a result, the person and the job no longer	fit	one	another	in	the	best	possible	way. When this happens, we can help the employee identify	a	new	role	within	DNA	or	help	them	find a completely new career path with the Job Match service. The employee is assigned a personal career coach, who, by means of career planning, guides them	to	find	a	more	suitable	role	in	work	or	study. The Job Match model is usually recommended by the joint assessment of the employee, supervisor, and occupational health service.

## Leadership by coaching with a human touch

DNA believes that good leadership lays the foundation for the growth and success of our personnel, and also their well-being. Freedom, responsibility and trust are at the heart of leadership at DNA. Leadership by coaching places special

<!-- image -->

emphasis on continuous interaction between the supervisor and the employee. DNA supports continuous interaction by regular one-to-one discussions between supervisors and team members.

At DNA, leadership is based on working according to DNA's values. Value-based leadership skills are backed by measurable leadership competences. One method of leadership development is a 360-degree survey intended for supervisors, which is used to assess these leadership competences in practice, and to focus support to develop them based on the feedback.

Some	30	certified	internal	coaches	support	the work of all supervisors and employees at DNA. They have been trained by Suomen Coaching Instituutti. With	these	skills,	the	internal	DNA	coaches	can	find new perspectives in the dynamic development of individuals, groups, and organisations.

Gender distribution 2022

<!-- image -->

## DNA ensures personnel has necessary skills also in the future

Skills management at DNA is based on strategic capabilities, which ensure that the company and employees can succeed also in the future. At DNA, strategic capabilities are used to communicate about the direction of skills development, so that employees know what is expected of them and which areas require further development so that they can maintain the skills required in the changing working	environment.	DNA	has	specified	the following three key capabilities:

-  Customer orientation
-  Agile way of working
- Forerunner	in	the	utilisation	of	data	and	artificial intelligence

Age distribution 2022

<!-- image -->

To support learning at work and to emphasise its importance at DNA, we launched a new learning challenge in February 2020, allowing each employee to allocate 40 hours of working time on their personal development per year. The learning challenge continued in 2022.

DNA is embracing internationalisation, which means we need employees with good English skills - also because	English	will	become	DNA's	second	official language in internal communication in 2023. DNA's language training partner provides interactive English lessons that our employees can attend at a time and place that is convenient to them. The aim is to improve each student's language skills by at least one	level,	or	otherwise	help	them	achieve	a	sufficient number of credits. Since 2022, DNA has also monitored the completion percentage of language courses. In 2022, 93% of participants completed the course.

Proportion of women 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Why is digital inclusion so important to DNA?

Voice and data links have become a necessity for people	and	society	at	large:	it	is	difficult	to	manage without good connections. However, consumers may find	the	product,	service	and	solution	offering	of	the telecommunications sector very complex and even difficult	to	understand.	Nor	does	everyone	in	Finland have the devices or skills required in today's digital society.	For	some,	inclusion	may	be	difficult	because of a physical barrier or disability.

## Digitally inclusive Finland

We want to promote digital inclusion of everyone in Finland. We strive to ensure that nobody is left behind by enabling smooth digital connections and communications. We also want to encourage everyone to participate in the creation of a fair digital society that provides equal treatment to all citizens. At the same time, DNA wants to make sure that people in Finland are aware of the dangers of smart device overuse.

DNA wants to contribute to the promotion of digital inclusion in Finland. We place special emphasis on high-quality comprehensive networks, fast connections, clear and understandable products and services, and excellent customer service.

DNA also wants to help those most vulnerable and to promote digital skills. In 2022, we continued our partnerships with SOS Children's Villages Finland, Helsinki Mission, Hope, Protect Children and Plan International Finland. We also started new cooperation with VTKL - The Finnish Association for the Welfare of Older Adults and the Mimmit koodaa ('Women code') programme.

For DNA, digital inclusion also means sensible use of smart devices. While smart devices have brought many good things, almost half of all Finns feel that they spend too much time using them. Excessive use was evident in all age groups, having a negative impact on relationships and often also on self-image. DNA continues to monitor the situation by further studies.	We	also	organised	the	first-ever	Disconnect Day in 2022.

## Disconnect Day encourages people to focus on being present

DNA has studied people's attitudes towards the use of smart devices and found that as much as 44% of Finns feel that they spend too much time on their devices. Based on the results, DNA encouraged everyone who can to take a Disconnect Day on the 2 October  and deliberately put their devices aside.

The initiative was well received and DNA plans to repeat it in 2023.

Read more about DNA's study on the use of smart devices and the Disconnect Day (both in Finnish).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## DNA conducts surveys to increase awareness

Here at DNA, we are making constant efforts to deepen our understanding of digital citizens and their needs in Finland. This includes both internal surveys at DNA and surveys conducted by external partners. Data from the surveys helps us improve the customer experience, understand customer needs, develop our service offering, and disseminate useful information in the society.

In 2022, we published the Digital Inclusion in Finland survey to examine consumers' views on digital inclusion. We also published the annual School Survey to examine the phone use of Finnish children and	young	people,	as	well	as	the	factors	influencing the purchase and use of their phones. We also conducted a Digital Lifestyle Survey in 2022. You can see all our surveys here (in Finnish).

## We help consumers navigate the fast-changing digital landscape

Digitalisation is accelerating, and DNA understands that consumers can sometimes struggle to keep up with the transformation. We help consumers increase their safety awareness and make their digital lives more secure by publishing articles in Finnish on topics including the most common online scams and methods, such as identity theft. DNA is also aware of parents' concerns over getting their children	their	first	phone,	and	we	have	created	a dedicated webpage for useful information on this topic in Finnish. The usefulness of DNA's articles is manifested by the number of views they get: the tips and guidelines are among the most viewed content on our website. In 2022, DNA also had an important task of informing our customers about the impact of the energy crisis on telecommunications operators.

## Making day-to-day life easier for seniors

Learning digital skills is not always easy for senior citizens, but without at least some degree of digital skills, running many everyday errands may become very	difficult.

DNA's support line, 'Kiireetön linja' ('non-hurried service line'), offers unhurried customer service for the elderly. The service is aimed at all DNA customers who need unhurried customer service and guidance due to, for example, old age or visual, hearing, or other impairment. DNA's customer service also has the necessary skills to serve customers who use voice synthesizers or other communication aids. Customers can also schedule a chat or video meeting with customer service, for example, if they are hard of hearing or if seeing the problem will help the advisor solve it quicker.

DNA has teamed up with the Nordea and Lammin Säästöpankki banks to make the use of digital banking services as easy as possible for senior citizens.

All banking services are pre-installed on the Nordea tablet and advice and instructions are available at all DNA Stores and Nordea banks. The package is sold below its normal price and includes a tablet suitable for online services and an interface for the easy	and	flexible	use	of	online	services.	The	service is primarily aimed at customers who do not yet own a smart device.

## The elderly are increasingly involved in the digital society

<!-- image -->

DNA published the Digital Inclusion in Finland survey also in 2022. The aim of the Digital Inclusion in Finland survey was to investigate the realisation of digital inclusion in Finland; interest in and adoption of new devices and services, existing devices and connections, and use of services.

Among other things, the survey revealed that interest in digital services and devices does not decrease with age. Among respondents aged 75 and over, 73% of were interested in new devices and 75% in new services. Of all respondents, 83% said they were eager to lean to use new devices or services.

You can read more about the survey and its results here (in Finnish).

## Collaboration with partners

We cannot achieve digital inclusion in isolation. We need to work together with partners to make our work more effective and to bring expertise to the table to make sure those most vulnerable in our	society	will	also	benefit	from	digitalisation.	The aim of DNA's partnerships is to help those most vulnerable but also to promote digital skills. We work with different groups including the elderly, children and young people, low-income families, immigrants, and women.

## SOS Children's Village

We support the operations of the child welfare organisation SOS Children's Village in various ways as a principal partner. Our partnership dates back to 2011. In 2022, the focus of our cooperation was on the 'Apuu' ('Help') chat service aimed at children aged 7 to 15 who feel vulnerable or threatened.

## HelsinkiMissio

DNA supports HelsinkiMissio in the organisation's work to mitigate the loneliness of the elderly. DNA's sponsorship is channelled to free digital assistance for senior citizens, i.e., personal assistance intended to help those who want to improve their digital skills. The assistance was mostly provided remotely in 2021 because of the pandemic. DNA employees also have the opportunity to participate in HelsinkiMissio volunteer work to improve the situation.

## Hope ry

DNA has made an agreement with Hope to donate devices for low-income families. DNA's sponsorship is directed according to the needs reported by Hope and	it	enables	the	charity's	work	for	the	benefit	of families with limited means.

## Suojellaan Lapsia ry - Protect Children

DNA supports Protect Children's #OnlineRoadSafety campaign. The project aims to support children's and parents' ability to recognise harmful, threatening, or high-risk digital situations and the understanding, knowledge, and skills to act when these are encountered.

## Plan International Suomi

In the autumn of 2021, DNA started a project with the children's rights organisation Plan International Finland. DNA's main objectives for the cooperation include increasing diversity in its own operations and providing young people with an immigrant background the opportunity to learn how to apply for jobs and explore the ICT sector as a workplace. Plan International Finland and DNA trained 134 young people in 2022, giving them the opportunity to participate in digital work.

## VKTL - The Finnish Association for the Welfare of Older Adults

DNA is the main cooperation partner in VTKL's Ikädigituki project, which is creating a nationwide helpdesk to promote the digital skills and digital inclusion of seniors. The partners will develop a free low-threshold service for all types of digital problems and questions that elderly people may have.

## Mimmit koodaa -program (women code -program)

DNA promotes the employment of women in technology together with the Mimmit koodaa ('Women	code')	programme.	While	official cooperation will start in the spring of 2023, DNA already participated as a partner in the 2022 'Mimmit koodaa' event.

Plan International Finland and DNA trained together 134 young people with an immigrant background to the Finnish digital working life.

<!-- image -->

## Moving data within planetary boundaries

The ICT sector uses approximately 4-10% of global electricity and accounts for approximately 3-5% of all greenhouse gas emissions. DNA aims to make sure that data is transferred in its networks in the most climatefriendly way. We also look after the environment by recycling our waste and by helping customers recycle their old devices.

## Why are climate-friendly operations so important to DNA?

Our digital services rely on our ICT infrastructure, which unfortunately can place the climate under stress. At the same time, digitalisation provides connections, which can help us tackle some climaterelated issues.

The rapidly increasing data usage by consumers, businesses and the society will inevitably increase telecommunications operators' electricity consumption. Our customers' mobile data use per subscription has long been among the highest in the world. As a result, operators face a new challenge: how to meet the growing data needs while being mindful of the climate implications of increased energy consumption? To tackle this challenge, DNA has made the decision to move to electricity produced solely from renewable resources in its direct electricity procurement and to implement advanced	and	more	energy-efficient	technologies. It	is	now	possible	to	optimise	the	efficiency	of	the network's energy-saving functionalities, for example, with	the	help	of	artificial	intelligence	solutions.

## DNA's goal is to be fully carbon-neutral by 2030

DNA has joined Telenor's ambition for the Nordics, which is carbon-neutral business operations by 2030. In the summer of 2021, the Science Based Emission Targets Initiative (SBTi) approved Telenor's goal,	confirming	that	the	reduction	target	is	in	line with what climate science deems necessary to meet the Paris Climate Agreement target of limiting global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.

To be able to achieve the target, DNA will need to review the electricity contracts of leased premises and include its carbon handprint services in the calculations in the coming years. In 2022, DNA sent a survey to all parties leasing radio network facilities as well as to DNA Stores operating in leased premises about electricity quality. This work will continue in 2023.

In 2021, DNA expanded the implementation of the Telenor-wide target to our suppliers. Our aim is that 68% of our main suppliers, by spend, shall set science-based targets for their operations by 2025. DNA conducted surveys among its main suppliers already in the autumn of 2021. Most of the suppliers

## DNA obtained the ISO 14001:2015 certificate for its Environmental Management System

In	December	2022,	DNA	obtained	its	first company-wide	ISO	certificate.	DNA	adopted	the ISO 14001-compliant EMS system in the beginning of 2022 and decided to certify the system during the year.

By systematic implementation of the EMS, DNA adopts a new approach that encourages continuous improvement through a critical review of the results twice a year.

included in the survey sent their responses to DNA by the end of 2021. The work continued in 2022: the survey was repeated by organising two remote sessions	for	suppliers	and	supplier-specific	topics were discussed in individual meetings.

You can read more about Telenor's climate ambitions here.

## Electricity consumption is responsible for most of DNA's emissions

For almost a decade, DNA has assessed its greenhouse gas emissions to identify the climate impact of DNA's operations. Our emissions comprise of the following:

-  Direct greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1): Fuels used in company vehicles and back-up generators.
-  Indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2): Electricity consumption of DNA's radio network and transmission equipment as well as the maintenance of their equipment facilities.
-  Other indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 3): Logistics, business travel, waste as well as purchased goods, services, and capital goods.

Indirect emissions account for most of our emissions. In 2022, DNA's energy indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2, market-based) were 7,502 tonnes (9,625). This is thanks to new, energyefficient	technologies.

## In 2022 DNA reduced 28%

## of its Scope 2 emissions.

You	can	find	information	on	DNA's	total	emissions and Scope 1 and Scope 3 indicators under the section on Environmental Indicators.

DNA's directly procured energy is wind power and comes with a Guarantee of Origin (GoO).

## Indirect greenhouse gas emissions (market-based), tonnes

<!-- image -->

1) In 2019, the method for collecting data for Scope 2 was adjusted. The	emissions	figures	for	earlier	years	could	not	be	updated	in accordance with the new data collection method. As a result, emission data from different years is not fully comparable. Scope 2 emissions are based on both measurement and evaluation.

## Small actions, big impact

In recent years, DNA has taken several measures to curb the energy consumption caused by increasing amounts of data. Our actions include the following:

-  DNA will introduce large-scale energy-saving technologies	utilising	artificial	intelligence	in its	radio	networks.	Based	on	practical	field experiments,	the	savings	will	be	significant,	with further	improvements	in	efficiency	expected	at least on an annual basis. Among other things, artificial	intelligence	enables	energy	consumption reductions	during	periods	of	low	traffic.	In	the past, generic network algorithms took care of computation,	but	artificial	intelligence	offers	new possibilities	to	do	that	even	more	efficiently	and accurately.
-  DNA is also striving to abandon any aging and energy-guzzling technology as soon as possible and, for example, it will replace its services that are based on the 3G radio network and telephone copper network with new solutions utilising 5G and	fibre	technologies	in	the	coming	years.
-  All the electricity that DNA buys directly is produced with renewable energy. In 2022, all electricity purchased by DNA was produced by wind power.

All electricity purchased by DNA was produced by wind power.

## DNA's handprint: energy-efficient services

DNA's customers can avail of many solutions that help reduce greenhouse gas emissions:

## 5G network

DNA's 5G network construction continued, and one third of the population was covered by it by the end of the year. During the construction, the network is upgraded to the latest radio technology, with the	best	energy-efficiency	available.	In	the	future, 5G will play an increasingly important role in the transmission	of	both	fixed-network	and	mobile	data. The current network upgrade makes DNA's network energy	efficient	for	years	to	come. You can follow DNA's 5G network construction here (in Finnish).

## IoT

Internet of Things (IoT) has become part of everyday for many people. Sensors can measure, for example, air	temperature	and	humidity	or	the	fill-levels	of bins, which helps make many everyday tasks more environmentally friendly. The real estate sector is a good example of an area where various sensors and remotely controlled lock solutions can make operations	more	efficient	and	climate-friendly	thanks to data provided by the IoT. Read more about DNA's IoT services here.

## Hosting services

DNA offers hosting services for corporate customers for various telecommunications needs. With no physical servers at their own premises, corporate customers	can	use	servers	at	least	five	times	more effectively in terms of emissions and electricity consumption. DNA's hosting services are provided by data centres that are managed and maintained by DNA in Finland. You can read more about the services here (in Finnish).

## Wattinen

Heating buildings is one of the biggest sources of climate emissions. In 2019, DNA launched Wattinen, a new smart heating service, which helps housing companies reduce climate emissions from heating. With Wattinen, residents can maintain an ideal room temperature, while saving money and without compromising comfort. With the service, a housing company can save 15-30% on the energy used in heating while reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the same proportion. Read more about the Wattinen service here (in Finnish).

DNA continues to provide climate-smart services also in 2022.

## More than 35,000 recycled devices

DNA encourages its customers to recycle their old devices. According to a study conducted by DNA, it can be estimated that the recycling of old devices through DNA reduces emissions by up to 1,000 tonnes (CO 2 e) per year. This is equivalent to driving almost 5.5 million kilometres in a petrol car with average fuel consumption. In addition, by recycling devices, we collect and put valuable metals back into circulation, as the batteries and screens of smart phones and laptops contain materials like gold, platinum, silver , and copper. In 2022, we recycled more than 35,089 devices. The volume increased by 75% from 2022, which is an excellent demonstration of the consumers' growing interest in recycling.

Recycling is smart not only because of the climate, but also because of human rights: unfortunately, the mining of raw materials in many countries involves violations of the UN principles for human rights. DNA takes supply chain control seriously and works hard to ensure that our suppliers' operations are responsible.

At the moment, our clients receive a replacement refund for all functioning mobile phones and tablets when they replace it with a new one. A refund is also available for newer devices that are faulty. Customers can also simply bring their old devices to a DNA Store for recycling.

## DNA compensates for 450 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions

In 2022, DNA not only compensated all its 2021 Scope 1 emissions through Compensate, but increased the volume from 419 to 450 tCO 2 .

By doing so, we support a reforestation project in Kenya and help protect forests in Peru and Indonesia. Read more about the projects.

Climate change is taking place here and now, and we want to help tackle one of the greatest societal challenges in any way we can. However,

<!-- image -->

our main focus must always be on reducing our own emissions, compensation alone is not enough.

We will compensate our Scope 1 emissions also in 2023.

<!-- image -->

## Why do we want to safeguard data security?

DNA is aware of its critical role as a provider of key services in the society. DNA wants to be a security-conscious service provider that safeguards customers' data security and works continuously to make the security tools and processes as well as data security culture more robust, both within the company and among our partners.

During the past decade, use of mobile devices that have a constant network connection has increased strongly among both business and private users. For example, vulnerabilities in mobile applications

## Safeguarding data security

We continue to improve our data security culture to secure our customers' data reliably and efficiently.

and	software	pose	a	significant	threat	to	data security. The theme is of great interest to our customers, and there was more public discussion on the subject. This was particularly true in 2022 as the global security landscape was in turmoil as a result of Russia attacking Ukraine. DNA must be able to provide its customers with reliable services also under the current circumstances where critical infrastructure and service providers are increasingly likely targets. DNA has also worked in close cooperation with the authorities to prepare for possible power failures in 2023.

## Data security policy steers our operations

DNA maintains a high level of data security and protection and a stringent security culture in the handling of all data related to its operations by adhering to laws, regulations, orders issued by authorities and best practices as well as Telenor's and DNA's policies and guidelines.

The purpose of data security at DNA is to enable the achievement of business objectives and protect critical success factors, such as DNA's customers,

personnel, reputation, trademarks or brand name and service quality. At DNA, high level of data security of customers and services is a fundamental requirement. Data security supports DNA's core business and increases the appropriate availability of systems. Maintaining a good data security culture is of vital importance.

Telenor Group's data protection policy and guidelines determine how DNA can ensure that its operations and operating models are compliant with legislation on the processing of personal data and related responsibilities, and that it implements a high level	of	data	security.	The	policy	also	specifies	the main implementation methods.

Close cooperation with the Telenor Group has provided substantial added value to various areas of data security. Telenor's data security culture and operative performance are particularly strong, and DNA now has an opportunity to match them on a national level. As part of a global Group, DNA will also examine its practices in line with the Schrems II judgment issued by the Court of Justice of the European Union, taking into account the considerably stricter privacy requirements for international transfer of personal data.

Security Day was organised twice at DNA in 2022, focusing on current topics and best practices related to data security and protection. These events have proved very popular DNA personnel.

## High level of data security and protection

We make our data security and protection culture increasingly robust by training our personnel and informing them of the threats related to the telecommunications operator business. Data security is included in new employees' induction training. and we also have several Telenor Group-wide and DNA-specific	mandatory	trainings	that	can	be completed in Telenor's e-learning environment. We also organise additional targeted training for different professional groups. In 2022, DNA boosted the competence and awareness of its personnel through three themes:

-  Better awareness of data security and privacy
-  Higher level of technical data security competence
-  Better understanding of ownership roles and recognition of responsibilities

We place special emphasis on working continuously to improve our administrative and technical capabilities to anticipate, identify and combat new and developing cyber threats.

Data security and protection issues have featured at a particularly high level in our customers' concerns. We have published a comprehensive information package on data protection and privacy on our website. We also publish a live feed of cyber security alerts	and	announcements	published	by	Traficom's National Cyber Security Centre Finland (NCSC-FI).

## DNA prevented more than 5 million scam calls in 2022

While the volume was down from 2021, our customers continued to be plagued by scam calls in 2022. The number of scam attempts via text messages remained high. Fraudsters are impersonating parcel delivery services, banks, and mobile operators. They attempt to install a scam application to an unsuspecting customer's device by sending them messages about the need to update their banking details or informing them about parcel deliveries or voicemail. During the year, we also identified	scammers	impersonating	authorities.	In May, the number of scam messages grew as a result of the international FluBot malware campaign, which Europol stopped.

In cooperation with its partners, DNA managed to stop hundreds of thousands of scam calls to Finland per month and was also successful in blocking scam messages. DNA works actively and continuously with other	telecommunications	operators	and	Traficom to keep the network threat-free. We will develop our ability to respond to new challenges further in 2023.

## Services to boost our customers' data protection

We provide data security services to all our customers for various needs in cooperation with the best partners. We have a wide range of services for consumer customers who want to look after their own and their family members' data security as well as for corporate customers who want to protect their business, customers and personnel.

## DNA 'Turvapaketti' service

Looking after data security makes sense to keep your family safe online. In addition to anti-virus protection, the service helps you set limits to children's screen time and make sure their Wi-Fi connections and data are always protected. Read more here (in Finnish).

## DNA 'Tunnusturva' security app

DNA Tunnusturva is an easy-to-use password management solution which also alerts users about security concerns. It alerts the customer immediately about data breaches involving their data and provides clear instructions for preventing further damage. The password manager can also be used to create and manage passwords securely. Read more here (in Finnish).

## Freedome VPN

The Freedome VPN service protects your privacy online so that advertisers and other third parties cannot track and collect information about you. It helps block unnecessary and malicious websites, protects your connection in open Wi-Fi networks and hides your IP address from the services you use. The service is developed by F-Secure and provided by DNA. Read more here (in Finnish).

## Data security services for corporate customers

DNA has a comprehensive data security service offering for businesses to support them in the changing operating environment. DNA's experts maintain the services, leaving customers free to focus on their business without having to worry about security risks. By choosing the right data security services a business can not only secure its data, devices and networks, but also protects itself against denial-of-service attacks and can provide secure connections to employees who work remotely. Read more here.

DNA safeguards customer security daily. In 2022 DNA prevented more than 5 million scam calls in 2022.

## DNA's reporting principles

As in previous years, DNA continued to report on sustainability in 2022 according to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) reporting model. DNA adobted partially the renewed GRI content index in 2022.

## Reporting according to GRI

As in previous years, DNA continued to report on corporate responsibility in 2022 according to the Global Reporting Initiative reporting model. This is DNA's thirteenth GRI report. With a reporting period of one calendar year, DNA publishes this GRI-compliant sustainability report annually with the annual report. The previous report was published on 8 March 2022. This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards in force for the Core option. DNA has adopted the new standards published in October 2021. In 2022 DNA's GRI Index is not fully compliant to some of the General Disclousures. DNA will publish a full version in the following year depending on the status of the EU CSRD directive.

DNA's sustainability reporting is based on the guidelines, principles and calculation methods specified	by	GRI.	It	includes	the	data	for	DNA	Plc, including DNA Store Ltd.

Any deviations from or changes to the calculation limits	are	mentioned	with	each	key	figure.	Similarly, any changes in measurement methods are mentioned	with	each	figure	in	the	GRI	table.

The indicators reported by DNA cover all of DNA's operations in all of Finland. As a subsidiary, DNA only operates in Finland, which is why DNA has not deemed it relevant to report on the basis of locations or activities.

DNA	reports	its	figures	also	in	its	parent	company Telenor's annual report.

## Assurance of the sustainability report

Unlike previous years, this report is not assured by an external party. This change is due to Telenor owning DNA. Telenor Group publishes its own sustainability report, which also includes DNA's information. Telenor's report will be assured in full. You can read more about Telenor's report here.

## Contact information

We value stakeholder input. To learn more about DNA's sustainability themes, do not hesitate to contact us.

Sustainability Manager Tuuli Nummelin

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

firstname.lastname(at)dna.fi

CEO Jussi Tolvanen

firstname.lastname(at)dna.fi

## Key figures

## Environmental indicators

## Direct greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1) (tCO 2 )

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Direct greenhouse gas emission  88.6  1)  381  440  500  520   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) DNA	calculated	in	2022	for	the	first	time	its	Scope	1	data	with	Telenor's	model.

The main reson behind the decline is that the model does not include refrigerants in the back-up generators.

## Indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2) (tCO 2 ) 1)

| 2022  2021  2020  2019 2)  2018  Indirect greenhouse gas emissions  (market-based)  7,502  9,625  13,870  13,400  17,900   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) The Global Warming Potential (GWP) is based on the following reference: IPCC Fourth Assessment Report (AR4 - 100 year). The comparison year for DNA's Scope 2 climate objectives is 2019.

2) In 2019, the method for collecting source data relating to the procurement of purchased electricity (Scope 2) was adjusted.	The	emissions	figures	for	earlier	years	could	not	be	updated	in	accordance	with	the	new	data	collection method. As a result, emission data from different years is not fully comparable. The Scope 2 emissions reported by DNA are based on both measurement and evaluation.

## Scope 3, according to the Science Based Target initiatives target setting

Starting from year 2022 DNA will report its Scope 3 calculations according to Telenor's SBTi target setting. We will follow the amount of our suppliers have set their targets under the same initiative.

| 2022  According to spend, the share of the largest suppliers of purchased goods,  services and capital goods that have set science-based climate targets (SBTi) (%)  32   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity

## Radio network emissions in proportion to annual radio network data transfer volumes (tCO2/TB) 1)

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2)  2018  Radio network emissions in proportion  to annual radio network data transfer  volumes (tCO  2  /TB)  0.004  0.01  0.01  0.01  0.02   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Global Warming Potential (GWP) rate is based on the following reference: IPCC Fourth Assessment Report (AR4 - 100 year).

2) In 2019, the method for collecting source data relating to the procurement of purchased electricity (Scope 2) was adjusted.	The	emissions	figures	for	earlier	years	could	not	be	updated	in	accordance	with	the	new	data	collection method. As a result, emission data from different years is not fully comparable. Total emissions reported by DNA are based on both measurement and evaluation.

## Total weight of waste by type and disposal method (tonnes)

| 2022  2021  2020  1)  2019  2018  Hazardous waste (also includes  potentially hazardous WEEE waste)  103  83  N/A  10  21  Recyclable waste  235  136  N/A  415  515  Combustible waste  38  156  N/A  24  33  Disposable waste  2  96  N/A  11  7  Scrap electrical and electronic items  2)  197  249  N/A  N/A  N/A  Total  575  720  N/A  460  577   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) No	reliable	figures	are	available	for	2020	due	to	the	low	response	rate	among	major	waste	management	operators.

2) Presented as a separate fraction due to DNA's business sector.

## Social responsibility indicators

## Information on employees and other workers 1)

| Open­ended  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Women  640  620  608  623  625  Men  1,014  980  973  971  946  Other  0  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  Total  1,654  1,579  1,581  1,594  1,571   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Fixed­term  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Women  18  8  9  14  12  Men  18  13  18  12  7  Other  0  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  Total  36  21  27  26  19   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Full­time  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Women  634  584  569  584  575  Men  1,025  953  972  966  938  Other  0  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  Total  1,659  1,537  1,541  1,550  1,513   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Part­time  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Women  24  43  48  54  62  Men  7  20  19  16  15  Other  0  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  Total  31  63  67  70  77   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Data does not include leased workers or summer help. Other sections of this report also include summer help.

## Diversity of governance bodies and personnel

## Gender structure

| By gender  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Women  37%  39%  38%  39%  40%  Men  63%  61%  62%  61%  60%  Other  0%  0%  N/A  N/A  N/A  Total  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Share of women (%) per personnel group

| Personnel groups include  women as follows:  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Of management  20.7%  19%  22%  23%  24%  Of senior salaried employees  30.2%  27%  28%  27%  26%  Of salaried employees  44.6%  46%  46%  47%  47%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Age structure

| By age group  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  &lt; 25  1.2%  1%  1%  1%  1%  25-35  24.5%  24%  24%  25%  26%  36-45  35.3%  37%  38%  38%  38%  46-55  26.4%  26%  25%  24%  24%  56-63  12.0%  11%  11%  10%  10%  &gt; 63  0.7%  1%  1%  1%  0%  Total  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## New employee hires and employee turnover

## New hires and employee turnover

| New hires  2022  2021  1)  2020  2019  2018  Women  77  55  40  56  39  Male  136  62  73  102  89  Other  0  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  &lt; 25  17  10  12  28  27  25-35  109  70  42  82  61  36-45  62  25  43  32  31  46-55  17  11  15  14  9  56-63  7  0  0  2  0  &gt; 63  1  1  1  0  0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Employee turnover  2022  2021  1)  2020  2019  2018  Women  54  50  76  66  54  Male  123  118  84  89  70  Other  0  0  N/A  N/A  N/A  &lt; 25  18  2  19  21  14  25-35  66  51  47  55  40  36-45  40  58  37  42  39  46-55  24  24  25  16  14  56-63  10  18  20  12  14  Yli 63  19  15  12  9  3   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Includes summer help.

## Average employee turnover

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Average employee turnover, %  (calculated from monthly average  values))  1.3  1.98  1.6  1.73  1.44   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Average hours of training per year per employee

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Average hours of training per employee  14,5  1)  21,5  18,8  13,4  15,6   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Decrease	in	the	data	is	linked	to	the	transition	into	Telenor's	L&amp;D	system.	Not	all	training	hours	are	seen	in	the	data.

## GRI-Content Index

In 2022 DNA's GRI Index is not fully compliant to some of the General Disclousures. DNA will publish a full version in the following year depending on the status of the EU CSRD directive. DNA is a part of Telenor ASA that publishes a full GRI compliant report. See Telenors report on the website: https://www.telenor.com/investors/reports-and-information/.

| Title and  disclosure  number  Disclosure Name  Sources, location and additional information  General Disclosures 2021  The organization and its reporting practices  2-1  Organizational details  p. 38  2-2  Entities included in the  organization's  sustainability reporting  DNA Plc,  DNA Store Ltd and DNA Welho Ltd  2-3  Reporting period, frequency and  contact point  p. 35  2-4  Restatements of information  p. 35-39  2-5  External assurance  p. 35  Activities and workers  2-6  Activities, value chain and other  business relationships  DNA's Corporate Governance Statement 2022  2-7  Employees  Social responsibility indicators  2-8  Workers who are not employees  DNA employes leased workers to its stores and  customer service.  Governance  2-9  Governance structure and  composition  DNA's Corporate Governance Statement 2022,  full reporting to be added to next year's report.  2-10  Nomination and selection of the  highest governance body  DNA's Corporate Governance Statement 2022,  full reporting to be added to next year's report.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Title and  disclosure  number  Disclosure Name  Sources, location and additional information  2-11  Chair of the highest governance  body  DNA's Corporate Governance Statement 2022,  full reporting to be added to next year's report.  2-12  Role of the highest governance  body in overseeing the  management of impacts  DNA's Corporate Governance Statement 2022  2-13  Delegation of responsibility for  managing impacts  p. 15  2-14  Role of the highest governance  body in sustainability reporting  DNA's sustainablity topics and reporting are  reviewed and approved by the Executive  Management Team. The Board of Directors  approves the topics and the report.  2-15  Conflicts of interest  To be added into next year's  report.  2-16  Communication of critical  concerns  DNA's Corporate Governance Statement 2022,  Telenor's Annual Report.  2-17  Collective knowledge of the  highest governance body  No DNA lead education provided  to Board of Directors in 2022.  2-18  Evaluation of the performance of  the highest governance body  To be added into next year's  report.  2-19  Remuneration policies  To be added into next year's  report.  2-20  Process to determine  remuneration  To be added into next year's  report.  2-21  Annual total compensation ratio  To be added into next year's  report.  Strategy, policies and practices  2-22  Statement on sustainable  development strategy  p. 3-5  2-23  Policy commitments  Straightforward sustainable partner p. 14-15  2-24  Embedding policy commitments  Straightforward sustainable partner p. 14-15  2-25  Processes to remediate negative  impacts  Straightforward sustainable partner p.14, Telenor  Integrity Hotline: https://www.telenor.com/code-of-  conduct/how-to-speak-up   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Title and  disclosure  number  Disclosure Name  Sources, location and additional information  2-26  Mechanisms for seeking advice  and raising concerns  Straightforward sustainable partner p.14, Telenor  Integrity Hotline: https://www.telenor.com/code-of-  conduct/how-to-speak-up  2-27  Compliance with laws and  regulations  No incidents for DNA in 2022.  2-28  Membership associations  Straightforward sustainable partner p. 14-17.  DNA is a member of Groupe Speciale Mobile  Association (GSMA), European Competitive  Telecommunications Association (ECTA), the Finnish  Federation for Communications and Teleinformatics  (FiCom), the Service Sector Employers PALTA,  Association of Finnish Advertisers, IAB Finland,  Data	&amp;	Marketing	Association	of	Finland	(DMA  Finland/ASML) and the Helsinki Region Chamber of  Commerce. DNA is also a member of FIBS, UN Global  Compact (subsidiary of Telenor)and Inklusiiv.  Stakeholder engagement  2-29  Approach to stakeholder  engagement  Straightforward and sustainable partner p. 14-16:  DNA's important stakeholders include: customers,  personnel, suppliers and subcontractors, partners,  NGO's, authorities and political decision-makers,  the media, financial and insurance markets, labour  market organisations and competitors.  DNA includes stakeholders via e.g. surveys,  feedback mechanisms, social media as well as work  together with partners listed on p. 27.  2-30  Collective bargaining  agreements  All DNA Group employees are covered by the  applicable collective bargaining agreements  specific to each employee category. Service and  production employees are covered by the collective  agreement in the energy-ICT-networks sector, and  administrative and managerial employees by the  collective agreement for salaried and senior salaried  employees in the ICT sector.  Material Topics  3-1  Process to determine material  topics  p. 11, 14-17, 18, 24, 28, 32  3-2  List of material topics  p. 11   |
|---|

| Title and  disclosure  number  Disclosure Name  Sources, location and additional information  3-3  3-3 Management of material  topics  p. 11, 14-17, 18, 24, 28, 32  3-1  Process to determine material  topics  p. 11, 14-17, 18, 24, 28, 32  3-2  List of material topics  p. 11  3-3  Management of material topics  p. 11, 14-17, 18, 24, 28, 32  200 - Economic performance  Anti-corruption  205-2  Communication and training  on anti-corruption policies and  procedures  By the end of 2021, 100% of personnel had  completed the Code of Conduct training.  205-3  Confirmed incidents of  corruption and actions taken  There were no incidents of corruption at DNA in  2022.  Anti-competitive behaviour  206-1  Legal actions for anti-  competitive behavior, anti-trust,  and monopoly practices  During the reporting period  DNA was not a  subject to legal actions for violation of competition  legislation.  300 - Environmental  Emissions  305-1  Direct greenhouse gas (GHG)  emissions (Scope 1)  Environmental indicators  305-2  Energy indirect greenhouse gas  (GHG) emissions (Scope 2)  Environmental indicators  305-4  Greenhouse gas (GHG)  emissions intensity  Environmental indicators  Effluents and waste  306-2  Total weight of waste by type  and disposal method  Environmental indicators  Environmental compliance  307-1  Non-compliance with  environmental laws and  regulations  There were no incidents of non-compliance with  environmental laws and regulations DNA in 2022.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Title and  disclosure  number  Disclosure Name  Sources, location and additional information  400 - Social  Employment  401-1  New employee hires and  employee turnover  Social responsibility indicators  401-2  Benefits provided to full-time  employees that are not provided  to temporary or part-time  employees  DNA Plc provides the same benefits to all employees,  regardless of employment type. The benefits and  policies of DNA's sales organisation, DNA Store Ltd,  apply to all DNA Store employees regardless of  employment type.  Occupational health and safety  403-1  Occupational health and safety  management system  DNA complies to Telenor's policies and guidelines  related to people management.  403-2  Hazard identification, risk  assessment, and incident  investigation  DNA does risk management according to the Telenor  guidelines and manuals.  403-3  Occupational health services  p. 21-22  403-5  Worker training on occupational  health and safety  DNA offers many courses related to OHS depending  on the different job descriptions it has. OHS issues  are also a compulsory part of the Code of Coduct  training. 100% of DNA's employees had gone  through the training in 2022.  403-6  Promotion of worker health  p. 21-22  403-8  Workers covered by an  occupational health and safety  management system  All employees are covered by DNA's OHS  management system.  403-10  Work-related ill health  p. 21  Training and education  404-1  Average hours of training per  year per employee  Social responsibility indicators  404-2  Programs for skills management  and lifelong learning that  support the continued  employability of employees and  assist them in managing career  endings  Social responsibility indicators   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Title and  disclosure  number  Disclosure Name  Sources, location and additional information  Non-discrimination  406-1  Total number of incidents of  discrimination and corrective  actions taken  No incidents of discrimination occurred  at DNA Group in 2022.  Public policy  415-1  Political contributions  DNA Group does not support any political parties,  politicians or similar institutions. According to  this policy, DNA did not provide any political  contributions in 2022.  Marketing and labelling  417-3  Incidents of non-compliance  with regulations and voluntary  codes concerning marketing  communications  In 2022, no court decisions were issued in relation  to DNA's marketing, nor did the Market Court issue  any conditional fines.  Socioeconomic compliance  419-1  Non-compliance with laws and  regulations in the social and  economic area  In 2022, DNA was not ordered to pay any fines or  other sanctions for non-compliance with laws or  regulations.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## DNA's Corporate Governance Statement 2022

DNA Plc is a Finnish public limited liability company providing voice, data, and TV services to private customers and corporations. The parent company, DNA Plc, and its subsidiaries form the DNA Group. DNA is owned by the Norwegian Telenor Group, which is a leading telecommunications operator in the Nordic countries and Asia. Telenor is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. DNA is domiciled in Helsinki, Finland.

DNA complies with its Articles of Association, the rules of procedure of DNA's Board of Directors, the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act, Accounting Act and Securities Markets Act, and the rules, regulations and instructions issued by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority, as well as other applicable regulations in Finland.

After the delisting of its shares, DNA is not subject to reporting obligations as an issuer of shares as set out in the Finnish Securities Markets Act. DNA is still subject to reporting obligations as an issuer of the senior	unsecured	fixed	rate	notes	that	are	due	2025 (ISIN: FI4000312095).

This report describes DNA's corporate governance in 2022 and is published separately from the Board of Directors' annual report.

## DNA's governing bodies

DNA's governing bodies comprise the General Meeting, the Board of Directors and the CEO. The Board of Directors and the CEO are responsible for management. The Executive Team assists the CEO.

<!-- image -->

| Shareholder  General Meeting  Auditor  Board of Directors  Internal audit  CEO  Executive Team   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## General Meeting

The General Meeting is DNA's highest decisionmaking body. The Annual General Meeting (AGM) is	held	within	six	months	of	the	end	of	the	financial year. Extraordinary General Meetings can be organised as required. Since DNA has only one shareholder since 2020, in accordance with the Companies Act Chapter 5 Section 1, it can make decisions in a matter within the competence of the General Meeting without holding a meeting.

According to DNA's Articles of Association, the responsibilities of the Annual General Meeting includes among other things:

- Adopting	the	financial	statements,	which	in	the parent company also means the consolidated financial	statements
- Deciding	on	the	distribution	of	the	profit	shown on the balance sheet
-  Discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability
-  Electing the members of the Board of Directors and deciding on their remuneration
-  Electing the auditor and deciding on the auditor's remuneration.

The General Meeting may also make decisions on other matters falling within its competence according to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act, such as amending the Articles of Association.

## Decisions of DNA Plc's shareholder on matters belonging to the AGM on 24 March 2022

DNA Plc's sole shareholder, Telenor Finland Holding Oy, decided to make decisions belonging to the Annual General Meeting without holding the Annual General Meeting. The AGM adopted DNA's consolidated	financial	statements	for	2021	and	the financial	statements	of	the	parent	company.	The AGM discharged DNA's Board of Directors and CEO from	liability	for	the	financial	period	2021.

It was decided that the company distribute a dividend	of	EUR	1.52	per	share	for	the	financial	year ending 31 December 2021. Based on the number of shares on 31 December 2021, a total dividend of EUR 200,916,919.68 was distributed. It was also decided that the remaining portion of the distributable funds be retained in equity.

Jukka Leinonen was elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the following as Members of the Board of Directors: Birgitte Engebretsen, Gaute Simen Gravir, Håvard Naustdal and Trine Rønningen.

## Decisions of DNA Plc's shareholder on matters belonging to the Extraordinary General Meetings on 13 September 2022 and 30 December 2022

DNA Plc's sole shareholder, Telenor Finland Holding Oy, decided to make decisions belonging to the Extraordinary Meetings without holding the Extraordinary Meetings. On 13 September 2022, Petter-Børre Furberg was elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the following as Members of the Board of Directors: Birgitte Engebretsen, Gaute Simen Gravir, Håvard Naustdal and Trine Rønningen.

On 30 December 2022, it was decided that as of 1 January 2023, the number of Members of the Board of Directors will be three (3). Petter-Børre Furberg continued as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Cecilie Heuch and Thomas Thyholdt were named as members.

## DNA's Board of Directors

According to DNA's Articles of Association, the Board of Directors comprises three to seven ordinary members. Members and the Chairman of the Board are elected by the General Meeting. The Board of Directors has a duty to promote the interests of the company and its shareholders. The Board of Directors	has	confirmed	a	written	charter	on	the duties of the Board of Directors, matters to be addressed, meeting practices, and the decisionmaking process.

## Board of Directors in 2022

Board of Directors 1 January - 24 March 2022: Jukka Leinonen (Chairman), Birgitte Engebretsen, Gaute Simen Gravir, Nils Katla, Håvard Naustdal and Trine Rønningen.

Board of Directors 24 March - 13 September 2022: Jukka Leinonen (Chairman), Birgitte Engebretsen, Gaute Simen Gravir, Håvard Naustdal and Trine Rønningen.

Board of Directors 13 September - 31 December 2022: Petter-Børre Furberg (Chairman), Birgitte Engebretsen, Gaute Simen Gravir, Håvard Naustdal and Trine Rønningen.

The Board convened nine times in 2022.

## Board-Level Employee Representation

1 January - 31 December 2022: Teemu Kaski and Mika Oja (alternate Katja Komeza).

Petter-Børre Furberg Born 1967 Chair of the Board Siviløkonom EVP, Head of Telenor Nordics, Telenor Group Member of DNA's Board of Directors since 2022.

<!-- image -->

## Board of Directors at the end of 2022

Birgitte Engebretsen Born 1972 Member of the Board Business Economist CEO, Telenor Norway Member of DNA's Board of Directors since 2021.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Gaute Simen Gravir Born 1973 Member of the Board LLM VP,	M&amp;A,	Telenor	Group Member of DNA's Board of Directors since 2021.

<!-- image -->

Håvard Naustdal Born 1981 Member of the Board M. Sc. (Econ.) Business Manager, Telenor Group Member of DNA's Board of Directors since 2021.

Trine Rønningen Born 1975 Member of the Board M. Sc. (Econ.) VP, CHRO, Telenor Group Member of DNA's Board of Directors since 2021.

<!-- image -->

## CEO

<!-- image -->

Jussi Tolvanen Born 1978 M.Sc. (Econ.) CEO With DNA since 2021

Jussi Tolvanen is a member of the management group of Telenor Nordics, which coordinates Nordic cooperation at DNA's parent company Telenor Group.

## The CEO and the Executive Team

The CEO is nominated and overseen by the Board of Directors. The terms of the CEO's employment are	specified	in	a	written	CEO	agreement,	which	is approved by the Board of Directors.

The duties of DNA's CEO are determined in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act.

DNA's Executive Team comprises of the CEO, Senior Vice Presidents for Consumer Business and Corporate Business, the CFO, Senior Vice Presidents for Technology, Corporate Affairs and Human Resources, the CSO, the CIO and Senior Vice President, Communications, Sustainability and Brand Development. The CEO is the Chair of DNA's Executive Team. The CEO does not have an employment contract with the company, and the CEO is not the company's employee.

## Changes in DNA's Executive Team in 2022

Bjørn Taale Sandberg was appointed Chief Strategy Officer	(CSO)	and	member	of	the	Executive	Team	as of 1 April 2022.

Olli Sirkka, Senior Vice President, Corporate Business, DNA, and member of the Executive Team, left the company on 16 September 2022. Anna-Mari Ylihurula, M.Sc. (Technology), eMBA, was appointed DNA's Senior Vice President, Corporate Business, and a member of the Executive Team as of August 2023. Pekka Väisänen, DNA's SVP, Consumer Business, will work as the acting SVP, Corporate Business, in addition to his other duties.

DNA's CIO and a member of the Executive Team Janne Aalto moved to DNA's parent company Telenor's Nordic organisation as CIO on 1 September 2022 and was therefore leaving his position at DNA. Taneli Ropponen, who has worked as the head of DNA's ERP, Integrations and IT Production, serves as the acting CIO and a member of the Executive Team as of 1 September 2022.

DNA's CFO and a member of the DNA's Executive Team Maria Strömberg left her position on 25 October 2022. Timo Kipinoinen, who has worked as Senior Business Controller, Consumer Business, has served as DNA's acting CFO and a member of the Executive Team since 26 October 2022.

<!-- image -->

Timo Kipinoinen Acting Chief Financial	Officer M.Sc. (Econ.) Born 1979 With DNA since 2019

<!-- image -->

## Asta

Rantanen Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs LL.M. Born 1962 With DNA since 2003

## Executive Team at the end of 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Marko Rissanen

Senior Vice President, Human Resources Vocational Qualification	in Business and Administration Born 1974 With DNA since 2003

## Taneli

Ropponen Acting Chief Information Officer MSocSc Born 1967 With DNA since 2001

## Bjørn Taale Sandberg Senior Vice President, Strategy M.Sc. (Computers), Master of Management Born 1964 With DNA since 2022

<!-- image -->

## Vilhelmiina Wahlbeck Senior Vice President, Communications, Sustainability and Brand Development M.Sc. (Pol. Sc.) Born 1976 With DNA since 2003

More detailed CVs of the members of the Executive Team are available at https://corporate.dna.fi/company/executiveteam .

<!-- image -->

## Ville Virtanen

Senior Vice President, Technology Engineer, EMBA Born 1975 With DNA since 2004

<!-- image -->

## Pekka

Väisänen

Senior Vice President, Consumer Business	&amp; Corporate Business (acting) M.Sc. (Econ.) Born 1966 With DNA 2003-2006 and again since 2007

## Risk management and internal control

The purpose of internal control is to ensure that the company's operations comply with applicable laws and regulations, as well as the operating principles, and	that	financial	and	operational	reporting	is reliable.

DNA strives to ensure that its internal control and risk management systems are reliable and appropriate in relation to the scope and nature of its operations. The purpose of internal control and risk management	procedures	is	to	ensure	the	efficiency and effectiveness of the company's business, as well as the reliability of information, prevent malpractice and ensure compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and operating principles, as well as to identify, assess and monitor risks related to the business.

## Key features of risk management and internal control related to the financial reporting process

DNA's business segments are Consumer and Corporate	Business.	The	company's	financial reporting	is	based	on	the	financial	information	of each	unit	on	the	profitability	of	their	respected businesses, combined with segment and Group-level information.

Setting	and	monitoring	financial	targets	forms	an essential part of DNA's management. Near-term financial	goals	are	specified	during	annual	planning. Internal	control	of	financial	reporting	aims	to	ensure that the company management has up-to-date, adequate, essential and accurate data at its disposal to perform its duties and that the reports published by the company provide essential and accurate information	on	the	financial	position	of	the	company.

Financial management is headed by the Group CFO, who is responsible for the accuracy of the Group's financial	reporting.	Internal	control	reviews	and monitors the operation of the reporting process and	assesses	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting. Management	of	financing	and	financial	risks	is one	of	the	responsibilities	of	the	Group's	financial management. The Group applies the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

## Monitoring and oversight

DNA earnings are reviewed monthly by the company's Executive Team and quarterly by the Board of Directors. DNA also reports monthly to the parent company of the Telenor Group, Telenor ASA.

## Purpose and objectives of risk management

The purpose of risk management at DNA is to identify, assess and process all major foreseeable risks in an effective, proactive and appropriate manner.

Risk refers to events or circumstances which, if they materialise, could affect DNA's ability to achieve its strategic targets or the operative targets derived from them. If they materialise, risk factors could affect the ability to achieve strategic and operational goals.

The	identification	and	management	of	risk	factors takes into account the special characteristics of DNA's business and operational environment.

## Risk management process

As part of Telenor, DNA's risk management process is largely based on the ISO 31000 standard. The process is ongoing and continuous and is used throughout Telenor.

## Monitoring, oversight and reporting

Risk management reporting is integrated into the internal reporting of each business unit as well as	their	reporting	to	the	Telenor	Group.	Identified risks and responses are to be monitored, and Telenor must monitor both internal and external developments and conditions which may have an impact on the risk landscape.

Main areas of monitoring, oversight and reporting:

-  Monitoring any events and circumstances that could have an impact on the risk landscape
- Monitoring	the	status	of	identified	risks	and actions
-  Reporting on the risk landscape to Group management.

## Key risk management roles

## Role of the Board of Directors of Telenor ASA

The Board of Directors of Telenor ASA monitors and guides the executive management by evaluating the acceptable level of risk, keeping up to date in terms of main risks, and providing feedback to the executive management on its operations.

## Role of Telenor Group's CEO

Telenor Group's CEO (President and Chief Executive Officer)	is	responsible	for	Telenor's	risk	management by:

-  Ensuring that the organisation's risk culture is positive
-  Deciding on Telenor's main risk landscape and appropriate actions based on the feedback from business units and Group companies as well as Group functions
-  Presenting the Group-wide risk framework to the Broad of Directors twice a year with the Group Risk Forum and, when necessary, escalating decisions on risk management to the Board of Directors.

## The role of the Group Enterprise Risk Management

Telenor's Group Enterprise Risk Management has a Group-wide focus. It develops, implements and maintains an advanced risk management framework, process and system throughout Telenor.

## Roles of Group functions

Group functions are responsible for the Group-wide risk landscape in their respective area (e.g. security, regulation, legislation or taxation) and support the Business	Units	in	the	identification	and	assessment of risks in these areas.

## The role of DNA's CEO

DNA's CEO has the ownership responsibility for DNA's risk management:

-  Ensuring the presence of a positive risk culture within the Business Unit ('tone at the top')
-  Providing leadership and direction to the management and monitoring DNA's overall risk activities in relation to Telenor's risk appetite
-  Deciding DNA's top risks and appropriate actions based on input from management, DNA's risk manager and subject matter experts
-  Reporting DNA's top risk landscape to the Group quarterly through the Quarterly Financial Review process.

## The role of DNA's risk manager

The responsibilities of DNA's risk manager include raising awareness of risks, participating in discussions about risks and keeping the risk register up to date. DNA's risk manager is a member of the risk community headed by Telenor's Group Enterprise Risk Management and contributes to the further development of DNA's risk community.

## Principles of internal control

Internal control is a process approved by DNA's Board of Directors to enhance risk management in DNA Group regarding risks that threaten the company's goals and business. A further objective is to identify, analyse, and monitor business-related risks.	The	Board	of	Directors	has	confirmed	the principles of internal control, which are based on recognised international principles of good internal control.

The CEO and the Board of Directors are responsible for DNA's internal control and for ensuring that it is appropriate in relation to operational risks.

The company has a separate compliance programme related to competition law.

## Internal audit

The Group's internal audit supports the CEO, the Board of Directors, and the operative management in their control-related duties. Internal audit has been established by Telenor's Board of Directors, and the functions and principles of the company's internal	audit	have	been	defined	in	the	Internal	Audit Charter	confirmed	by	Telenor's	Board	of	Directors. Internal audit's sphere of duties covers the DNA Group.

Internal audit is independent of the Group companies and their management. Governance of internal audit is the responsibility of the Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs, who is a member of the Executive Team. Internal audit has direct and unlimited access to the senior management and Board of Directors of the company, and issues regular reports to the Board. Internal audit carries out its duties in accordance with an operational plan approved by the Board of Directors. When required, internal audit performs additional checks at its own initiative or that of the Board of Directors. Internal audit communicates with DNA's Board of Directors	and	external	audit	to	ensure	the	efficient coordination of auditing activities.

Internal audit reports on the results of the audit to the management of the audited business area, the CEO, the Executive Team and the Board of Directors. Internal audit complies with the international standards for the professional practice of internal auditing and the ethical principles and practical instructions of the Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA) in its work.

## Auditing of the Accounts

The	company's	financial	period	is	the	calendar	year. Under the Articles of Association, the company has one auditor, who is nominated by the Annual General	Meeting.	The	auditor	must	be	an	audit	firm, and the principal auditor must be an Authorised Public Accountant. The auditor is elected at the General	Meeting	for	a	term	of	one	financial	period covering the year of election. The auditor's mandate expires at the end of the following Annual General Meeting. The auditor shall present the company's shareholders with an auditors' report as part of the financial	statements	as	required	by	law.	The	auditor reports regularly to the Board of Directors.

## Auditing of the Accounts in 2022

In	2022,	DNA's	auditor	was	Ernst	&amp;	Young	Oy,	with Terhi Mäkinen, Authorised Public Accountant, acting as the principal auditor.

<!-- image -->

## Index

| ## 54 BOARD OF DIRECTORS' REPORT 2022  - 54 Operating environment in 2022  - 55 Total revenues and result  - 58 Development per business segment  - 60 Capital expenditure  - 61 Network infrastructure and new technologies  - 62 Personnel  - 63 Management	and	governance	and	significant litigation matters  - 64 Shares and shareholders  - 65 EU Taxonomy and DNA: Climate mitigation and action  - 69 Report	on	non-financial	information  - 71 Near-term risks and uncertainties  - 72 Market outlook for 2023  - 72 DNA's guidance for 2023  - 73 Group	key	financial	figures  - 73 Reconciliation	of	comparable	key	figures  - 74 Cash	flow	and	financial	key	figures  - 74 Per-share	key	figures  - 74 Key operative indicators  - 75 Calculation	of	key	figures   |
|---|

| ## 77 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2022  ## IFRS-consolidated financial statements  - 78 Consolidated income statement  - 79 Consolidated	statement	of	financial	position  - 80 Consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows  - 81 Consolidated statement of changes in equity  ## Notes to the consolidated financial statements  82  ## Notes	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements  82  - 1 General information  82  - 2 Accounting principles  91  - 3 Financial risk management  94  - 4 Segment information  95  - 5 Revenue from contracts with customers  97  - 6 Other operating income  97  - 7 Other operating expenses  97  - 8 Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  98  - 9 Employment	benefit	expenses  - 98 10 Finance income  - 98 11 Finance expense  - 99 12 Income tax expense  - 99 13 Earnings per share  - 100 14 Property, plant and equipment  - 101 15 Property, plant and equipment  - 104 16 Investments in associates  - 105 17 Other investments  - 105 18 Trade and other receivables  - 106 19 Deferred tax assets and liabilities  - 107 20 Inventories  - 107 21 Cash and cash equivalents  - 107 22 Equity  - 108 23 Share-based payments  - 108 24 Employment	benefit	obligations  - 111 25 Provisions  - 112 26 Borrowings  - 112 27 Net debt   |
|---|

- 113 28 Trade and other payables
- 113 29 Fair value of borrowings
- 114 30  Lease agreements
- 115 31 Guarantees and contingent liabilities
- 116 32 Related party transactions

## Parent company financial statements, FAS

- 118 Parent company income statement, FAS
- 119 Parent company balance sheet, FAS
- 121 Parent	company	cash	flow	statement,	FAS
- 122 Parent company accounting principles, FAS

## Notes to parent company Financial Statements

- 123 1 Total revenues
- 123 2 Depreciation and amortisation
- 123 3 Other operating expenses
- 124 4 Finance income and expense
- 124 5 Appropriations
- 124 6 Income tax
- 125 7 Non-current assets
- 127 8 Investments
- 128 9 Receivables from group companies
- 128 10 Deferred tax asset and liability
- 128 11 Prepaid expenses
- 129 12 Equity
- 129 13 Provisions
- 129 14 Non-current liabilities
- 130 15 Liabilities to group companies
- 130 16 Accrued expenses
- 130 17 Pledged assets and contingent liabilities
- 131 18 Related party transactions
- 132 Signatures of the board of directors' report and financial statements
- 132 Auditors' note
- 133 Auditors' Report
- 137 Independent Auditor's Report on DNA Oyj's ESEF Consolidated Financial Statements

## Board of Directors' Report 2022

DNA is a Finnish telecommunications group providing high-quality voice, data and TV services for communication, entertainment and work. Our mission is to provide products and services that make our private and corporate customers' lives uncomplicated. As a telecommunications operator, DNA plays a significant role in society by providing important communication connections and by enabling digital development.

On 3 February 2020, Norwegian telecommunications group Telenor gained title to all outstanding shares in DNA and the DNA shares was delisted from Nasdaq Helsinki. Due to delisting, DNA is not subject to reporting obligations as an issuer of shares as set out in the Finnish Securities Markets Act. However, DNA is still subject to reporting obligations as an issuer of the senior unsecured fixed rate notes that are due in 2025 (ISIN: FI4000312095) listed in Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange.

Unless	otherwise	stated,	the	comparison	figures	in brackets refer to corresponding year, 2021.

## Operating environment in 2022

At the end of 2022, the Finnish telecommunications market remained characterised by tough competition between established operators. Russia's war against Ukraine has caused global uncertainty, clouding the economic	outlook	in	Finland	as	well.	Inflation	has picked up speed and is already biting into consumers' purchasing power, and the most common reference rates have risen sharply. The situation has increased uncertainty in the global economy and also weakened the economic outlook in Finland.

The need for strong data security and data protection gained even more importance in 2022. There was more public discussion on the subject as Finland applied to join NATO in the spring, which was expected	to	increase	Russian	influence	operations. The	number	of	cyber	influence	attempts	has	indeed increased in 2022.

The pace of 5G construction in Finland remained brisk in 2022. At the end of the year, already 80% of the population lived withing 5G service coverage. In	addition	to	mobile	services,	fixed	5G	is	a	good alternative for use as home broadband outside city centres. In densely populated urban areas, broadband connections	will	still	be	built	largely	with	fixed	fibre.

## Regulation

The Government Proposal issued in the spring of 2022 on the implementation of the Copyright Directive was complemented	in	December;	during	the	financial	year, it was still being considered.

In June, the Ministry of Transport and Communications proposed an amendment to the must-carry obligation concerning radio programming, but the proposal was not submitted to Parliament during the autumn term. The Ministry of Transport and Communications has decided to further examine in spring 2023, together with other ministries, what the effects of the waiving of the must-carry obligation on radio programmes would be. The elimination of the must-carry obligation regarding radio programming from telecommunications companies would enable faster cable broadband connections	thanks	to	more	efficient	network	usage.

Several regulatory initiatives related to DNA's industry are pending in the EU. They concern issues such as	artificial	intelligence,	data	mobility,	network	and information security regulation as well as the offering and marketing of digital services.

Changes related to regulation and decisions of authorities	may	have	significant	impacts	on	DNA's business.

## Total revenues and result

## Consolidated key figures

| EUR million  1-12/2022  1-12/2021  Change, %  Net sales  997  956  4  EBITDA  364  359  2  % of net sales  37  38  Operating result, EBIT  160  154  4  % of net sales  16  16  Net result for the period  120  118  2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Earnings per share, eur

<!-- image -->

In January-December 2022, DNA's total revenues grew 4% and amounted to EUR 997 million (956). 76% (76) of total revenues was generated by consumer business and 24% (24) by corporate business. EBITDA increased and was EUR 364 million (359), or 37% of total revenues (38). Operating result increased 4% and was EUR 160 million (154). Operating result as a percentage of total revenues was 16% (16). Net result for the financial	period	increased	2%	to	EUR	120	million	(118).

Comparable EBITDA and comparable EBIT, EUR million

<!-- image -->

## Key operative indicators

| 1-12/2022  1-12/2021  Change, %  Number of mobile subscriptions  1)  at the end of period  2,750,000  2,699,000  2  average revenue per user (ARPU), EUR  17.4  17.1  2  Number of fixed subscriptions  2)  at the end of period  890,000  892,000  0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Postpaid, prepaid, mobile home phone ('Luuri') and mobile broadband subscriptions.

2) Fixed broadband, TV, and telephony subscriptions.

Mobile communication subscriptions, pcs.

<!-- image -->

Fixed network subscriptions, pcs.

<!-- image -->

## Cash flow and financial position

Net debt / EBITDA, %

| EUR million  1-12/2022  1-12/2021  Change, %  Cash flow after investing activities  99  174  -43  EUR million  1-12/2022  1-12/2021  Change, %  Net debt  634  492  29  Net debt/EBITDA  1.7  1.4  Net gearing, %  96  64  Equity ratio, %  40  47   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2.0

1.86

1.91

1.5

1.0

0.5

0.0

1.33

2018

<!-- image -->

2019

2020

1.37

2021

1.74

2022

Cash	flow	after	investing	activities	in	2022	was	EUR 99 million	(174).	Cash	flow	was	impacted	by	growth	in committed working capital and a change in Group account receivables, for instance.

At the end of December, DNA had a EUR 295 million internal revolving credit facility, of which EUR 77 million (130) remained undrawn, and a 46 million Group overdraft (45).

Net gearing increased and was 96% (64) at the end of the year. Net gearing was impacted by the payment of dividends.

DNA's liquidity is at a healthy level. The Group's liquid assets amounted to EUR 8 million (11). Net debt was EUR 634 million (492). The Group's liquid assets and undrawn committed credit facilities amounted in total to EUR 131 million (186). In addition to liquid assets, DNA has cash pool receivables of EUR 85 million (28).

Changes in working capital had a EUR 24 million negative	(EUR	2	million	positive)	impact	on	cash	flow. Growth in working capital was attributable to greater inventories and higher trade receivables.

DNA has a strong balance sheet. The net debt/EBITDA ratio was 1.7 (1.4) at the end of the year. DNA's equity ratio at the end of the year was 40% (47).

## Development per business segment

## Consumer business

| EUR million  1-12/2022  1-12/2021  Change, %  Total revenues  762  727  5  EBITDA  284  279  2  % of total revenues  37  38  Operating result  152  147  3  % of total revenues  20  20   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In January-December 2022, consumer business total revenues increased and came to EUR 762 million (727). EBITDA increased and was EUR 284 million (279). The EBITDA percentage of total revenues was 37% (38). Operating result increased and was EUR 152 million (147), or 20% of total revenues (20).

DNA's	growth	as	the	fixed-network	market	leader has continued thanks to DNA's reliable high-quality network. Reliable and uncomplicated digital services and connections are a necessity as Internet use grows and becomes more versatile. Demand for 5G services also remained strong in 2022, thanks to the expansion of the 5G network and broader offering of 5G-capable devices. Sales of 5G subscriptions accelerated further towards the end of the year.

In	2022,	DNA	launched	the	first	comprehensive	data security service in Finland, 'Digiturva'. Due to the uncertain global situation, it is increasingly important to prepare for data security threats, and consumers want to block threats with uncomplicated solutions. The 'DNA Digiturva' service combines all the major

information security features, protecting all devices, personal data, passwords, and Internet use. It is important for DNA to help every customer stay safe online. DNA also launched comprehensive coverage plan for new mobile devices in 2022.

## Corporate business

| EUR million  1-12/2022  1-12/2021  Change, %  Total revenues  235  228  3  EBITDA  80  79  1  % of total revenues  34  35  Operating result  9  7  27  % of total revenues  4  3   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In January-December 2022, corporate business total revenues increased and came to EUR 235 million (228). EBITDA increased and was EUR 80 million (79). EBITDA percentage of total revenues was 34% (35). Operating result increased 27% and was EUR 9 million (7), or 4% of total revenues (3).

2022 was a year of growth in DNA's corporate business: both customer numbers and total revenues increased. The demand for additional services that boost business, and for corporate network solutions, or SD-WAN solutions in particular, continued to grow. DNA and Telenor continued to offer even more comprehensive solutions to Nordic corporate customers.

In June, DNA and the City of Turku announced that DNA had been selected as the primary supplier of communications services for the City. As part of this cooperation, DNA expanded 4G and 5G networks in Turku and its nearby municipalities and modernised the technical environment of the City's communications services. Modernisation facilitates the work of City employees,	and	the	network	expansions	benefit	all local network users.

## Capital expenditure

Capital expenditure comprises additions to property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets, excluding business acquisitions and asset retirement obligations.

Capital expenditure includes capitalised spectrum licences.

| EUR million  1-12/2022  1-12/2021  Change, %  Consumer business  107  126  -15  Corporate business  60  65  -7  Total capital expenditure  167  191  -12   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR million  1-12/2022  1-12/2021  Change, %  Operative capital expenditure  1)  137  160  -14  % of total revenues  14  17  Lease investments (IFRS 16)  30  31  -4  Total capital expenditure  167  191  -12   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Operative capital expenditure is reported capital expenditure excluding capitalised spectrum licences and lease investments (IFRS 16).

Operative capital expenditure decreased 14% year-on-year and amounted to EUR 137 million (160), or 14%	of	total	revenues	(17).

Major individual items included in capital expenditure in	the	financial	period	were	mobile	network	capacity expansion	and	development,	fibre	optic	networks	as well as transmission and IT systems.

## Operative Capex, EUR million and Operative Capex, % of net sales

<!-- image -->

## Network infrastructure and new technologies

DNA continued its strong investment activities in network infrastructure in 2022. At the end of 2022, 5G services were already available in more than 200 cities and towns, with approximately 4.4 million people covered by the network. Around 80% of Finns live within 5G coverage. In addition to DNA's own construction work, also Finnish Shared Network Ltd, a company jointly owned by DNA and Telia, expanded its 5G network widely in Eastern and Northern Finland during 2022.

The construction of the 5G network will make it possible to keep providing high-quality connections to support the growing use of devices and digital services. Preparations for the introduction of 5G standalone architecture are making headway. Commercial services for this platform will be unveiled when the ecosystem has	matured	sufficiently.

As the 5G network is built, the entire mobile network is being updated. This is evident in even better data speeds not only in 5G services, but also in 4G services. DNA's mobile network also supports NB-IoT and LTE-M technologies, which makes it possible to provide advanced M2M services. In Omnitele Ltd's measurement of mobile network speeds 1) , which was published in December, DNA's subscription achieved the highest average download speed in seven of the ten largest cities in Finland. In total, an average of 45 GB of data per subscription was transferred monthly in DNA's mobile network in 2022.

In	2022,	DNA	has	introduced	regional	customer	traffic access points used in virtual private networks in eight different cities around the country. The solution is software-based, which gives it competitive advantage. The networks operate over the existing 5G network and do	not	require	significant	investments	in	infrastructure. Private	networks	can	also	use	fully	customer-specific access points if needed, making it easy to scale the same software-based network solution to a smaller area.

DNA's copper-based network was dismantled extensively in western Finland in 2022. DNA announced back in 2021 that it will replace its remaining copperbased networks with modern solutions by 2025. The work will be carried out in stages in municipalities where DNA provides services that use the copperbased network. There are several dozen municipalities, and DNA will contact users of the copper-based network to help in the transition to a replacement service.

DNA's	strong	investment	in	fibre	optic	networks continued. In DNA's traditional network areas, the availability of fast broadband is the best in Finland and practically	all	customers	in	the	fixed	network	can	avail of	gigabit	broadband.	The	fibre	optic	network	was	also expanded to new cities, thanks to new agreements such as the one with Kojamo, the largest private residential real estate company in Finland. DNA's Home 5G solutions have also established themselves as a fast broadband technology for private customers.

<!-- image -->

At the end of 2022, the energy sector and authorities started to prepare for possible electricity shortages during the winter. One possible measure is limiting the supply of electricity by means of scheduled power outages. Communication networks require electricity to operate, so when they occur, disturbances in the	distribution	of	electricity	will	also	be	reflected in them. DNA has secured electricity supply to its mobile networks in accordance with regulations and has also prepared for possible power outages by other means. Together with the rest of the ICT sector and its umbrella organisation, extensive stakeholder communication has been carried out about the possible effects of power outages on information networks.

1) Omnitele's study on mobile download speeds, 11/2022. The study was carried out in ten largest cities in Finland. DNA's mobile subscription achieved the highest average download speed in seven of the ten cities. The data transfer speeds varied between areas. The results are presented as averages for each area as well as an overall average for all measurements. The data transfer speeds and ranking of the operators varied between locations within each area. The study and additional information (in Finnish): https://corporate.dna.fi/ lehdistotiedotteet?type=stt2&amp;id=69960504

## Personnel

| 31 Dec  2022  31 Dec  2021  Change, %  Consumer business  949  898  6  Corporate business  746  706  6  Total personnel  1,695  1,604  6   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the end of 2022, DNA Group had 1,695 employees (1,604), of whom 659 were women (621) and 1,036 men	(983).	Salaries	and	employee	benefit	expenses paid during the year amounted to EUR 116 million (117). The number of employees grew largely due to the in-housing of previously outsourced tasks.

Offering the opportunity to work anywhere, anytime has been one of DNA's success stories for more than a decade. The freedom to choose the best place and time	for	work	has	developed	significantly	during	that time	and	the	flexible	approach	is	now	a	mainstay of DNA's corporate culture. Alongside these, the importance of a humane approach to employees' ability to work has become an important focus area. Working on these topics was one of the most important concerns in personnel communication in 2022. These themes have also been widely covered in multiple campaigns in various media platforms.

As a one concrete action, DNA published its employer promise in June, promising to help every DNA employee to live a humane and one-of-a-kind life. In practice,	the	employer	promise	is	divided	into	five themes: straightforwardness, one-of-a-kindness, continuous development, family-friendliness, and getting things done - in a meaningful way. We work continuously to make life at DNA more humane.

In September, DNA took another step forward in terms of freedom, responsibility, and trust by launching a fully location-independent recruitment and working model in our technology and IT departments. In practice, this means that new employees can choose to work in any of our many locations around Finland. We also introduced other improvements to our personnel policies, such as extending the possibility of remote working from abroad to four weeks a year. These changes support DNA's employer promise and also our response to the global IT and technology skills shortage.

DNA	understands	that	the	most	satisfied	customers and the best results come from the employees. We want to hold on to what is most important, that is, our employees and customers. That is why the employees deserve a workplace where they are respected and their wishes are heard. DNA and its personnel have a significant	role	in	Finland's	digital	development.

For years, DNA has also understood that only a tolerant, non-discriminatory and inclusive work culture can best promote customer needs and guarantee an excellent workplace. Being one-of-a-kind is a theme that DNA will foster and bolster even more going forward.	In	June,	DNA	was	an	official	partner	of	Helsinki Pride for the fourth year running.

## Management and governance and significant litigation matters

## Significant litigation matters

In its ordinary course of business, DNA is involved in	trials	and	official	proceedings.	These	processes concern matters such as telecommunications regulation, partner agreements and competition law.

In its decision in February 2022, the Finnish Transport and Communications Agency ruled that DNA Plc violates section 109 (5) of the Electronic Communications Services Act and order 46 K/2021 M 13 of the Finnish Transport and Communications Agency's regulation on telephone number portability by requiring their consumer customers to separately allow the contract information inspection service for telephone subscriptions. DNA appealed the decision to the Administrative Court, which rejected the appeal on 5 July 2022. DNA appealed to the Supreme Administrative Court. On 30 September 2022, the Supreme Administrative Court issued a decision refusing to grant DNA leave to appeal. On 5 October 2022, DNA sought annulment from the Supreme Administrative Court. On 25 November 2022, the Supreme Administrative Court rejected DNA's request for annulment and ordered that DNA must implement its service for checking contract details in compliance with the law by 9 December 2022. DNA changed its service to comply with the requirements of the law by the deadline.

## Management and governance

DNA Plc has a line organisation comprising of Consumer Business, Corporate Business, Technology, and Information Management and IT units, as well as support functions.

At the end of the year, DNA's Executive Team comprised CEO Jussi Tolvanen , acting CFO Timo Kipinoinen , SVP, Consumer Business and at the same time acting SVP, Corporate Business Pekka Väisänen , CTO Ville Virtanen, SVP, Human Resources Marko Rissanen , SVP, Corporate Affairs Asta Rantanen , acting CIO Taneli Ropponen , CSO Bjørn Taale Sandberg and SVP, Communications, Sustainability and Brand Development Vilhelmiina Wahlbeck .

## Changes in DNA's Executive Team in 2022

On 3 March 2022, DNA announced that Bjørn Taale Sandberg had been appointed as Chief Strategy Officer	(CSO)	and	a	member	of	the	Executive	Team.	He started in his new position on 1 April 2022.

On 15 September 2022, DNA announced that Olli Sirkka , Senior Vice President, Corporate Business, DNA, and member of the Executive Team, was leaving the company on 16 September 2022. On 28 November 2022, DNA announced that Anna-Mari Ylihurula , M.Sc. (Technology), eMBA, has been appointed DNA's Senior Vice President, Corporate Business, and a member of the Executive Team. She will start in her new position by August 2023.

On 29 September 2022, DNA announced that DNA's CIO and a member of the Executive Team Janne Aalto had moved to DNA's parent company Telenor's Nordic organisation as CIO in September and was therefore leaving his position at DNA. The search for a new CIO began immediately. Taneli Ropponen , who has worked as the head of DNA's ERP, Integrations and IT Production, is serving as the acting CIO and a member of the Executive Team.

On 25 October 2022, DNA announced that DNA's CFO and a member of the DNA's Executive Team Maria Strömberg had decided to leave her current position. Timo Kipinoinen , who worked as Senior Business Controller, Consumer Business, has been DNA's acting CFO and a member of the Executive Team since 26 October 2022.

## Decisions of DNA Plc's shareholder on matters belonging to the AGM

DNA's sole shareholder, Telenor Finland Holding Oy, decided to make decisions belonging to the Annual General Meeting without holding the Annual or Extraordinary General Meetings. The decisions were made legally, in accordance with the Companies Act Chapter 5 Section 1. DNA announced the decisions by means of stock exchange releases on 24 March 2022, 13 September 2022 and 30 December 2022.

-  On 24 March 2022, it was decided to approve the consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	parent company's	financial	statements	for	the	financial period 1 January to 31 December 2021. It was noted that the Board of Directors had proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the company distribute a dividend of EUR 1.52 per share for the financial	year	2021.	Based	on	the	number	of	shares on 31 December 2021, a total dividend of EUR 200,916,919.68 was distributed. It was also decided that the remaining portion of the distributable funds be retained in equity. It was resolved to discharge the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability regarding	the	financial	year	from	1	January	to	31 December 2021. It was decided that as of 24 March

2022, the number of the Members of the Board of Directors	will	be	five. Jukka Leinonen was elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors and the following as Members of the Board of Directors: Birgitte Engebretsen , Gaute Simen Gravir , Håvard Naustdal and Trine Rønningen . Authorised Public Accountants Ernst	&amp;	Young	was	chosen	as	the	company's	auditor. APA Terhi Mäkinen continued as the principal auditor.

-  On 13 September 2022, Petter­Børre Furberg was chosen as the new Member and the Chair of the Board of Directors, while Jukka Leinonen left the board. There were no other changes in the board.
-  On 30 December 2022, it was decided that as of 1 January	2023,	the	number	of	members	of	the Board of Directors will be three. Petter­Børre Furberg continued as the Chair of the Board of Directors and Thomas Thyholdt and Cecilie Heuch were named as two other members.

## Board of Directors in 2022

1 January - 24 March 2022: Jukka Leinonen (Chair), Birgitte Engebretsen , Gaute Simen Gravir , Nils Katla , Håvard Naustdal and Trine Rønningen .

24 March 2022 - 13 September 2022: Jukka Leinonen (Chair), Birgitte Engebretsen , Gaute Simen Gravir , Håvard Naustdal and Trine Rønningen .

13 September - 31 December 2022: Petter­Børre Furberg (Chair), Birgitte Engebretsen , Gaute Simen Gravir , Håvard Naustdal and Trine Rønningen .

The Board convened 9 times in 2022.

## Board committees

In 2022, DNA's Board of Directors did not have any committees elected.

## Shares and shareholders

## Shares

DNA's shares were delisted from Nasdaq Helsinki on 3 February	2020.

On 31 December 2022, DNA's shares totalled 132,303,500 (132,303,500) and the share capital registered in the Finnish Trade Register amounted to EUR 72,702,225.65 (EUR 72,702,225.65). At the end of December, DNA held 121,316 treasury shares.

Members of DNA's Executive team or Board of Directors did not have any holdings of DNA shares on 31 December 2022.

## Sustainability

DNA's approach to sustainability is guided by the sustainability	program	and	its	five	main	areas:	digital inclusion, being a great place to work, climate-friendly operations, reliable data security and privacy, and good governance. DNA's corporate responsibility objectives are	specified	in	the	strategy.	DNA	has	assessed corporate responsibility risks as part of the Group's overall risk management process.

DNA's sustainability objectives and measures are described in a separate sustainability report according to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) reporting model. The report is published annually with DNA's Annual Report.

## EU Taxonomy and DNA: Climate mitigation and action

DNA is closely following the development of the EU Taxonomy Regulation 2020/852. Currently, most telecom operations are not covered by the taxonomies. However, the Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act is still an evolving regulation that is constantly adding new functionality to its scope.

We	have	made	our	first	assessment	of	the	extent	to which our activities are Taxonomy-aligned. Based on our	analysis,	we	have	not	identified	Taxonomy-aligned activities.	However,	we	have	identified	Taxonomyeligible activities also this year.

DNA	came	to	its	result	by	first	going	through	the	list provided by the EU Taxonomy Compass, and marking potential areas for its business. After this the potential areas	were	confirmed	together	with	internal	accounting.

| EU Taxonomy economic activity  Company products/technologies/services  Climate mitigation 8.2  Data-driven solutions for GHG emissions reductions  Wattinen reduces the heating energy consumption of apartment  buildings. Homes always have a suitable temperature during the  heating season, energy is saved and residents only have to give up  old thermostats. In addition, the investment in heating control with  Wattinen made by the housing  association is compensation neutral.  Wattinen also helps in balancing the heating and planning the  housing association's geothermal project.  Climate mitigation 8.2  Data-driven solutions for GHG emissions reductions  Power Star for Radio Networks: RAN equipment that is part of  equipment related energy consumption reduction. Utilizing software  features to reduce energy consumption.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Substantial contribution  criteria  DNSH criteria  ('Does Not Significantly  Harm')  Economic  activities (1)  Code(s) (2)  Absolute turnover (3)  Proportion of turnover (4)  Climate change mitigation (5)  Climate change adaptation (6)  Water and marine resources (7)  Circular economy (8)  Pollution (9)  Biodiversity and ecosystems (10)  Climate change mitigation (11)  Climate change adaptation (12)  Water and marine resources (13)  Circular economy (14)  Pollution (15)  Biodiversity and ecosystems (16)  Minimum safeguards (17)  Taxonomy-  aligned  proportion  of  turnover,  year 2022  (18)  Taxonomy-  aligned  proportion  of  turnover,  year 2021  (19)  Category  (enabling  activity  or)  (20)  Category  '(transi-  tional  activity)'  (21)  Currency  %  %  %  %  %  %  %  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Percent  Percent  E  T  A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES  %  A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities  (Taxonomy aligned)  Turnover of environmentally sustainable  activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally  sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)  Data-driven solutions for GHG emissions reductions  8.2  0.4  0.0%  Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible but not  environmentally sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)  (A.2)  0.4  0.0%  N/A  N/A  Total (A.1 + A.2)  0.4  0.0%  B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES  Turnover of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities (B)  996.7  100.0%  Total (A + B)  997.1  100.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Substantial contribution  criteria  DNSH criteria  ('Does Not Significantly  Harm')  Economic  activities (1)  Code(s) (2)  Absolute CapEx (3)  Proportion of CapEx (4)  Climate change mitigation (5)  Climate change adaptation (6)  Water and marine resources (7)  Circular economy (8)  Pollution (9)  Biodiversity and ecosystems (10)  Climate change mitigation (11)  Climate change adaptation (12)  Water and marine resources (13)  Circular economy (14)  Pollution (15)  Biodiversity and ecosystems (16)  Minimum safeguards (17)  Taxonomy-  aligned  proportion  of  CapEx,  year 2022  (18)  Taxonomy-  aligned  proportion  of  CapEx,  year 2021  (19)  Category  (enabling  activity  or)  (20)  Category  '(transi-  tional  activity)'  (21)  Currency  %  %  %  %  %  %  %  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Percent  Percent  E  T  A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES  %  A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities  (Taxonomy aligned)  CapEx of environmentally sustainable  activities (Taxonomy-aligned)  (A.1)  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not  environmentally sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)  Data-driven solutions for GHG emissions reductions  8.2  0.4  0.0%  CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible but  not environmentally sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)  (A.2)  0.4  0.0%  N/A  N/A  Total (A.1 + A.2)  0.4  0.0%  B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES  CapEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities (B)  166.9  99.7%  Total (A + B)  1)  167.4  100.0%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Total	capex	includes	investments	in	tangible	and	intangible	assets	according	to	the	financial	statements	2022. Eligible capex includes investments related to processes that are associated with taxonomy-eligible economic activities.

<!-- image -->

| Substantial contribution  criteria  DNSH criteria  ('Does Not Significantly  Harm')  Economic  activities (1)  Code(s) (2)  Absolute OpEx (3)  Proportion of OpEx (4)  Climate change mitigation (5)  Climate change adaptation (6)  Water and marine resources (7)  Circular economy (8)  Pollution (9)  Biodiversity and ecosystems (10)  Climate change mitigation (11)  Climate change adaptation (12)  Water and marine resources (13)  Circular economy (14)  Pollution (15)  Biodiversity and ecosystems (16)  Minimum safeguards (17)  Taxonomy-  aligned  proportion  of  OpEx,  year 2022  (18)  Taxonomy-  aligned  proportion  of  OpEx,  year 2021  (19)  Category  (enabling  activity  or)  (20)  Category  '(transi-  tional  activity)'  (21)  Currency  %  %  %  %  %  %  %  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Y/N  Percent  Percent  E  T  A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES  %  A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities  (Taxonomy aligned)  OpEx of environmentally sustainable  activities (Taxonomy-aligned)  (A.1)  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not  environmentally sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)  Data-driven solutions for GHG emissions reductions  8.2  1.0  0.3%  OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible but  not environmentally sustainable activities  (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)  (A.2)  1.0  0.3%  N/A  N/A  Total (A.1 + A.2)  1.0  0.3%  B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES  Opex of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities (B)  288.7  99.7%  Total (A + B)  2)  289.7  100.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2) Total opex includes maintenance and rental expenses as well as other expenses that describe the expenses necessary to ensure the continued and effective functioning of property,	plant	and	equipment,	as	reported	in	other	operating	expenses	of	the	financial	statements	2022.	Eligible	opex	includes	expenses	related	to	processes	that	are	associated with taxonomy-eligible economic activities.

## Report on non-financial information

## Business model description

DNA	plays	a	significant	role	in	society	by	providing important communication connections and maintaining infrastructure that is critical to the operation of society.

According to its strategy, DNA will meet the growing demand for faster high-quality connections. The company invests in a very competitive and cost-effective network and service platform infrastructure to meet the growing communications needs of consumers, businesses and the society in general. By doing so, DNA promotes digitalisation and competitiveness in Finland. Our purpose is, that we are connecting you to what matters most.

In terms of corporate responsibility, the main areas include the provision of comprehensive high-quality connections	to	customers,	satisfied	and	productive personnel, mitigation of the environmental impact of DNA's business and greenhouse gas emissions in particular, and responsible business practices and good governance.

## Social responsibility and employee-related factors

One of DNA's strategic objectives is being a great place to	work.	Satisfied,	motivated,	and	qualified	employees are a crucial foundation for DNA's ability to provide the best customer experience on the market.

DNA places special emphasis on personnel development with the aim of having every task performed	by	a	dedicated	and	qualified	person.	Any risks related to the availability of competent personnel are reviewed as part of the Group's risk management process.

DNA is aware of the fact that personnel satisfaction drives the positive development of customer satisfaction. Several measures were implemented in both Consumer and Corporate Customer Service to promote personnel satisfaction and well-being.

## Respect for human rights

DNA operates in Finland, where the risk of human rights violations is relatively low. However, human rights issues are substantial in all its operations, and they are especially relevant in the supply chain. In the case of mobile devices for example, some suppliers operate in countries that involve human rights risks. Corporate responsibility	risks	of	DNA's	most	significant	suppliers are assessed, and their responsibility performance is evaluated annually. In 2022, DNA trained its procurement and security teams on human rights issues.

DNA's Supplier Code of Conduct is added to all new supplier agreements and also applies to the suppliers' subcontractors. According to the Supplier Code of Conduct, the suppliers undertake to comply with the internationally recognised human rights as set out in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the basic international labour rights as set out in the basic conventions of the International Labour Organization	(ILO),	and	all	laws	and	official	regulations in all countries where they operate.

There were no human rights violations related to DNA's own activities in 2022.

Any risks related to the supply chain and human rights violations are reviewed as part of the Group's risk management process.

## Environmental responsibility

The	most	significant	environmental	impact	of	DNA's business is related to greenhouse gas emissions. In 2020, DNA moved to implement Telenor's joint target with the other Nordic countries to achieve carbon neutrality by 2030 for Scope 1 and 2 emissions, and to achieve 68% of Telenor's largest suppliers being SBTi compliant.

The source of DNA's direct greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1) are fuels used in company vehicles and back-up generators. Energy indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2) mostly originate in production, i.e. the electricity consumption of DNA's radio network and transmission equipment as well as the maintenance of their equipment facilities. Sources of other indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 3) include, for example, logistics, business travel, waste as well as purchased goods, services and capital goods.

Increased mobile data volumes challenge the energy	efficiency	of	the	radio	network,	because	the continuously growing volumes require more equipment, which in turn increases energy consumption. On the other hand, the relative per-data energy consumption is reduced through improved technical performance of LTE. The implementation of 5G technology will improve	relative	efficiency	further	even	if	total	energy consumption increases.

In 2022, DNA's indirect emissions from energy consumption (Scope 2, market-based) were 7,502 tonnes (9,625), a 28% reduction compared to 2021. DNA's	emissions	decreased	thanks	to	energy-efficient solutions replacing old technology. In addition, DNA has invested in the use of renewable energy and in improving	the	energy	efficiency	of	its	radio	network. In 2023, DNA will continue to review its network leases. Uncleared leased sites will not count as green electricity.

In	2022,	DNA	certified	its	environmental	management system to the ISO 14001 standard. As part of the Group's	risk	management	process,	DNA	has	identified possible physical risks related to climate change, such as the impact of weather extremes on networks. Furthermore,	DNA	has	identified	possible	political	and regulatory risks related to the transition to a low-carbon society as well as any risks and opportunities related to consumer behaviour. Mitigation practices have been specified	for	the	identified	risks.

## Anti-corruption and anti-bribery

DNA has zero-tolerance of corruption and bribery: Telenor's Code of Conduct bans any corruption. Every DNA employee is required to attend Telenor´s Code of Conduct training. By the end of 2022, 100% of DNA personnel had completed the training. In addition, DNA's Sustainability Manager and Fraud Manager train DNA personnel on DNA Group's anti-corruption policies and procedures as required.

DNA has separate guidelines for the giving and receiving of business gifts. DNA enforces a Supplier Code of Conduct which is appended to its agreements with suppliers and subcontractors. Its requirements include combating corruption and bribery. Any corruption risk is assessed as part of the Group's risk management process. There were no incidents of corruption or bribery at DNA in 2022.

## Near-term risks and uncertainties

## Strategic and operative risks

The Finnish telecommunications market is characterised by tough competition between established operators, and a high degree of penetration of telecommunications solutions.

Russia's war in Ukraine, which Russia started in February 2022, has caused global uncertainty, clouding the economic outlook in Finland as well. In particular, this	has	been	reflected	in	the	rapid	rise	of	energy prices.	Inflation	has	picked	up	speed	and	is	biting	into consumers' purchasing power, and the most common reference rates have risen sharply. Interest rates are expected to rise even further. The situation increases uncertainty in the global economy and weakens the outlook for the economy in Finland as well. All of these	factors	can	impact	on	DNA's	financial	outlook, consumer purchasing behaviour and the availability and supply chains of the components required in network construction.

Cybersecurity threats have increased continuously over the last few years with digitalisation and more widespread use of digital networks and services. The	threat	level	increased	significantly	after	Finland submitted its NATO application, which has contributed to	an	increase	in	cyber	influence	attempts.	However, this did not come as a surprise since an increase in such attempts was to be expected as a result of Finland's NATO application, in particular from Russia. The role of information security, data protection, and high operational network reliability are expected to gain in importance in the future.

Although the coronavirus pandemic has become less significant	in	Finland	in	2022	and	restrictions	have	been lifted, the potential acceleration of the pandemic or new virus variants could still have negative direct or indirect impacts on, for instance, the health of the employees of DNA or its subcontractors, and thereby on DNA's service delivery reliability. The potential acceleration of the pandemic outside Finland's borders might also pose challenges with respect to the availability of components used in telecommunications network construction and maintenance and the reliability of their supply chains.

The nature of DNA's operations and customer requirements place high demands on DNA's information systems and network infrastructure. DNA's business is capital-intensive, and continuous maintenance and improvement of telecommunications systems and network infrastructure is essentially linked to its success.

International players have a strong presence in the competitive environment of TV and entertainment services. DNA's competitors include traditional operators as well as OTT (over-the-top) service providers that deliver content over the Internet to mobile devices. The role of media companies' own distribution channels and services is also becoming more important.

DNA	makes	significant	investments	in	high-quality	data systems and data analytics tools to deepen customer understanding and to create a good omnichannel customer experience. DNA's business operations are dependent on information systems, which involve several interconnected risks but also provide businesscritical opportunities for utilising data.

## Regulatory risks

Both	national	and	EU	regulations	have	a	significant impact on the operation of the telecommunications market	in	Finland.	Regulatory	influence	on	areas	such as the price level of DNA's products and services, wholesale products that DNA procures from other operators, critical network components and the criteria used	for	distributing	frequencies	may	have	a	significant impact on DNA's business. Changes in security policy may necessitate new regulation or stricter interpretations by regulatory authorities.

## Financing risks

In order to manage the interest rate risk, the Group's borrowings	have	been	spread	between	fixed-	and variable-rate instruments. In order to manage liquidity risk, in addition to liquid assets the Group uses credit limits. To manage customer credit risk, the credit history of new customers is checked as part of the ordering process. The Group's foreign interest risk is insignificant,	since	the	majority	of	its	cash	flow	is	euro denominated.

## Damage risk

In anticipation of possible unforeseen damage risks, DNA has continuous insurance policies covering aspects of its operations, including personnel, property, business interruption, third-party liability, and criminal action.	There	is	specific	insurance	in	place	for	cyber damage risks. Damage risks are prevented and minimised by means such as security guidelines and personnel training.

## Market outlook for 2023

The war against Ukraine that Russia started in February 2022 caused global uncertainty, clouding the economic outlook	in	Finland	as	well.	Inflation	has	picked	up speed in all of Europe and is biting into consumers' purchasing power also in Finland, and the sharp rise of the most common reference rates continued towards the end of the year. According to the economic forecast published by the Bank of Finland in December, while economic growth still picked up in the early part of 2022, Finnish economy will slide into a mild recession in 2023 as a result of the energy crisis exacerbated by Russia's war in Ukraine and the surge in the cost of living.

We expect the competitive situation to remain tight. The use of mobile data continues to grow, as it has been doing for years, as people and businesses continue to make increasing use of digital and online video services. As a result, the demand for faster subscriptions is growing and data usage per subscription is increasing. The share of 5G subscriptions in DNA's mobile subscription base is expected to grow. There were already hundreds of thousands of DNA's 5G subscriptions sold by the end of 2022.

In the mobile communication network, the volume of	SMS	and	voice	traffic	is	expected	to	continue	to fall.	The	market	for	fixed	voice	services	will	continue to decline as expected, while DNA will dismantle its remaining copper network by 2025.

In the consumer market, demand for high-speed broadband	subscriptions	and	diversified	entertainment services is expected to continue to grow, in particular with the popularity of streaming and video-on-demand services. Demand for traditional pay-TV is expected to continue to decline.

We expect businesses to continue to migrate their applications to the cloud to improve operational efficiency,	driving	demand	for	secure	high-speed connections. The long-standing digitisation of services in the private and public sectors will continue to create new digital business, with a particular focus on security, network resilience and service availability. Cybersecurity threats have increased with the digitalisation	of	society.	A	significant	increase	in	the threat level occurred after Finland's application for NATO membership in spring 2023. The importance of information security, data protection and network resilience is expected to become even more important in the future.

## DNA's guidance for 2023

DNA will not issue guidance on its net sales and EBITDA for 2023. DNA expects competition to remain intense in 2023, but that DNA's business develops favourably.	DNA's	financial	position	and	liquidity	are estimated to remain good.

Global economic uncertainty, rising energy prices, high	inflation	and	increases	in	prevailing	interest	rates may also have an impact on DNA's economic outlook, consumer purchasing behaviour and the availability and supply chains of components needed for network construction.

## Board of Directors' proposal on dividend payment

DNA	Plc's	distributable	funds	in	the	financial statements amount to EUR 131,747,985.34 of which profit	for	the	financial	year	came	to	EUR	36,696,150.73.

The Board of Directors decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.76 per	share	will	be	distributed	for	the	financial	period ending 31 December 2022. Based on the number of shares on 31 December 2022, the total dividend to be paid comes to EUR 100,458,459.84. The Board proposes	that	the	remaining	profit	be	retained	and carried further in the Group's non-restricted equity.

There	have	been	no	material	changes	in	the	financial position	of	the	company	since	the	end	of	the	financial year. The company's liquidity is good, and in the opinion	of	the	Board	of	Directors,	the	proposed	profit distribution will not jeopardise the company's solvency.

## DNA Plc

Board of Directors

## Group key financial figures

| EUR million  2022  2021  2020  1)  2019  1)  2018  Net sales  997.1  956.0  932.3  946.0  911.8  EBITDA  364.0  358.6  332.6  305.6  284.9  % of net sales  36.5  37.5  35.7  32.3  31.2  Comparable EBITDA  364.0  358.6  332.6  309.9  284.9  % of net sales  36.5  37.5  35.7  32.8  31.2  Depreciation, amortisation and  impairment  203.8  204.4  181.2  171.9  146.0  Operating result, EBIT  160.2  154.2  151.4  133.7  138.9  % of net sales  16.1  16.1  16.2  14.1  15.2  Comparable operating result, EBIT  160.2  154.2  151.4  141.1  138.9  % of net sales  16.1  16.1  16.2  14.9  15.2  Net result before tax  151.0  147.3  143.4  124.6  127.7  Net result for the period  120.3  117.7  114.8  98.8  102.2  Return on investment (ROI), %  12.5  12.1  12.5  12.1  14.1  Return on equity (ROE), %  16.8  16.5  19.0  17.1  16.4  Capital expenditure  167.4  191.3  307.9  158.7  138.3  Cash flow after investing activities  98.5  173.7  105.3  35.6  63.4  Net debt  634.0  491.7  619.5  584.1  379.3  Net debt/EBITDA  1.74  1.37  1.86  1.91  1.33  Net gearing, %  95.6  63.9  94.3  106.0  62.7  Equity ratio, %  39.9  47.3  41.3  38.8  46.9  Personnel at the end of period  1,695  1,604  1,609  1,624  1,590   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) In	financial	statements	2020,	the	calculation	method	of	the	key	figures	regarding	2020	and	2019	differed from	that	of	DNA's	previous	key	figures	and	were	presented	the	same	way	as	the	figures	published	by	Telenor Group.	In	2021,	changes	in	accounting	methods	were	made.	The	main	changes	concerned	the	reclassification of	spectrum	acquisitions	from	intangible	assets	to	right-of-use	assets	and	the	corresponding	reclassification	of spectrum licence liabilities from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing borrowings, which had an impact on the	presentation	of	net	debt	and	cash	flows.	In	addition,	some	receivables	were	reclassified	from	non-current	to current	items,	and	certain	items	reclassified	from	current	to	non-current	receivables.	Figures	for	2020	and	2019 were adjusted accordingly.

There were no changes in 2022.

## Reconciliation of comparable key figures

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  2020  1)  2019  1)  2018  EBITDA  364,015  358,591  332,613  305,575  284,921  Fair value opinion  -  -  -  1,683  -  Share based programmes  -  -  -  1,572  -  Share based programme Bridge  -  -  -  878  -  Matching shares plan for personnel  -  -  -  157  -  Comparable EBITDA  364,015  358,591  332,613  309,865  284,921  Operating result  160,206  154,163  151,418  133,692  138,898  Write-off of other non-current assets  -  -  -  -  -  Fair value opinion  -  -  -  1,683  -  Share based programmes  -  -  -  1,572  -  Share based programme Bridge  -  -  -  878  -  Matching shares plan for personnel  -  -  -  157  -  Write-off of terrestrial network  -  -  -  3,109  -  Comparable operating result  160,206  154,163  151,418  141,091  138,898   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) In	financial	statements	2020,	the	calculation	method	of	the	key	figures	regarding	2020	and	2019	differed from	that	of	DNA's	previous	key	figures	and	were	presented	the	same	way	as	the	figures	published	by	Telenor Group.	In	2021,	changes	in	accounting	methods	were	made.	The	main	changes	concerned	the	reclassification of	spectrum	acquisitions	from	intangible	assets	to	right-of-use	assets	and	the	corresponding	reclassification	of spectrum licence liabilities from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing borrowings, which had an impact on the	presentation	of	net	debt	and	cash	flows.	In	addition,	some	receivables	were	reclassified	from	non-current	to current	items,	and	certain	items	reclassified	from	current	to	non-current	receivables.	Figures	for	2020	and	2019 were adjusted accordingly.

There were no changes in 2022.

## Cash flow and financial key figures

| 2022  2021  2020  1)  2019  1)  2018  Cash flow after investing activities  1)  ,  EUR million  98.5  173.7  105.3  35.6  63.4  Net debt  1)  , EUR million  634.0  491.7  619.5  584.1  379.3  Net debt/EBITDA  1)  1.74  1.37  1.86  1.91  1.33  Net gearing  1)  , %  95.6  63.9  94.3  106.0  62.7  Equity ratio, %  39.9  47.3  41.3  38.8  46.9   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) In	financial	statements	2021,	the	figures	for	the	comparison	periods	2020	and	2019	differed	from	those	previously reported	due	to	classifica-tion	changes	introduced	in	2021,	with	particular	impact	on	the	comparison	of	changes	in working capital.

There were no changes in 2022.

## Per-share key figures

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Earnings per share, basic and diluted, EUR  0.91  0.89  0.87  0.75  0.77  Equity per share, EUR  5.02  5.82  4.97  4.17  4.58   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Key operative indicators

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Number of mobile subscriptions  at end of period  1)  2,750,000  2,699,000  2,694,000  2,696,000  2,877,000  Average revenue per user  (ARPU), EUR  2)  17.4  17.1  16.8  16.3  18.7  Number of fixed subscriptions  at end of period  3)  890,000  892,000  900,000  909,000  860,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Mobile communication network subscriptions include postpaid, prepaid, mobile home phone ('Luuri') and mobile broadband subscriptions. Year 2018: includes voice and mobile broadband subscriptions.

2) ARPU	=	Monthly	mobile	revenues	(company's	subscriptions)	and	traffic	revenues	+	interconnection	/	average number of subscriptions. Year 2018: Includes only postpaid phone subscriptions.

3) The	figure	for	the	number	of	fixed-network	subscriptions	includes	voice,	broadband	and	cable	pay-TV subscriptions.

## Calculation of key figures

| Earnings per share (EPS), EUR  =  Net result for the period  Weighted number of shares during the financial period excl treasury shares  Equity per share, EUR  =  Equity attributable to the owners of the parent company  Number of outstanding shares at end of period  Net debt, EUR  =  Non-current and current borrowings - cash and cash equivalents  Net gearing, %  =  Non-current and current borrowings - cash and cash equivalents  Total equity  Equity ratio, %  =  Total equity  Total assets - advances received  EBITDA, EUR  =  Operating result (EBIT) + depreciation, amortisation and impairments  Return on investment (ROI), %  1)  =  Net result before income taxes + finance expense  Total equity + borrowings (average for the period)  Return on equity (ROE), %  1)  =  Net result for the period  Total equity (average for the period)  Net debt/EBITDA  1)  =  Net debt  Operating result + depreciation, amortisation and impairments  Cashflow after investing activities, EUR  =  Net cash generated from operating activities + net cash used in investing activities  Capital expenditure, EUR  =  Additions to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets excluding  business acquisitions, gross acquisition cost of spectrum license and asset  retirement obligations   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) 12-month adjusted

Operative capital expenditure, EUR

Comparable EBITDA, EUR

Comparable operating result, EUR

Items affecting comparability

- = Operative capital expenditure is reported capital expenditure without capitalized spectrum licenses and lease investments (IFRS 16)
- = EBITDA excluding items affecting comparability
- = Operating result excluding items affecting comparability
- = Material items outside ordinary course of business such as net gain or losses from business disposals, direct transaction costs related to business acquisitions, write-off of non-current assets, costs for closure of business operations and restructurings, costs relating to the change of ownership structure and terminating share-based payments as well as fines, damages and other similar payments.

DNA presents alternative performance measures as additional information	to	financial	measures	presented	in	the	consolidated income	statement,	consolidated	statement	of	financial	position and	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows	prepared	in	accordance with IFRS. In DNA's view, alternative performance measures provide significant	additional	information	on	DNA's	results	of	operations, financial	position	and	cash	flows	and	are	widely	used	by	analysts, investors and other parties.

DNA presents comparable EBITDA and comparable operating result, which have been adjusted with material items outside of ordinary course of business to improve comparability between periods. There	were	no	items	affecting	comparability	in	the	financial	period or in the comparison period 2021. EBITDA, comparable EBITDA and comparable operating result are presented as complementing measures to the measures included in the consolidated income statement because, in DNA's view, they increase understanding of DNA's results of operations. Net debt, ratio of net debt to EBITDA, net gearing, equity ratio, return on equity and return on investment are presented as complementing measures because, in DNA's view, they	are	useful	measures	of	DNA's	ability	to	obtain	financing	and service its debts. Capital expenditure, operative capital expenditure and	cash	flow	after	investing	activities	provide	also	additional information	of	the	cash	flow	needs	of	DNA's	operations.

Alternative performance measures should not be viewed in isolation or	as	a	substitute	to	the	IFRS	financial	measures.	All	companies	do not calculate alternative performance measures in a uniform way, and therefore DNA's alternative performance measures may not be comparable with similarly named measures presented by other companies.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated income statement

| EUR thousands  Note  1 Jan-31 Dec  2022  1 Jan-31 Dec  2021  Total revenues  5, 6  997,059  955,961  Materials and services  -396,707  -379,389  Employee benefit expenses  9  -115,732  -116,590  Depreciation, amortisation and impairments  8  -203,810  -204,429  Other operating expenses  7  -120,606  -101,390  Operating result  160,206  154,163  Finance income  10  748  304  Finance expense  11  -9,976  -7,191  Share of associates' results  16  14  16  Net result before income tax  150,991  147,291  Income tax expense  12  -30,672  -29,554  Net result for the period  120,319  117,737  Attributable to:  Owners of the parent company  120,319  117,737  Earnings per share for net result attributable to  the owners of the parent company:  Earnings per share, basic and diluted, EUR  13  0.91  0.89   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

| EUR thousands  Note  1 Jan-31 Dec  2022  1 Jan-31 Dec  2021  Net result for the period  120 319  117 737  Items that will not be reclassified  to profit or loss:  Remeasurements of post-employment  benefit obligations  24  426  -310  Other comprehensive income, net of tax  426  -310  Total comprehensive income  120,744  117,427  Attributable to:  Owners of the parent company  120,744  117,427   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated statement of financial position

| EUR thousands  Note  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  ASSETS  Non­current assets  Goodwill  15  338,706  338,706  Other intangible assets  15  122,492  127,653  Property, plant and equipment  14  453,371  469,730  Right-of-use assets  30  214,961  232,554  Investments in associates  16  1,249  1,240  Other investments  17  111  111  Other receivables  18  86,584  76,482  Deferred tax assets  19  7,113  7,000  Total non­current assets  1,224,587  1,253,475  Current assets  Inventories  20  45,256  38,217  Trade and other receivables  18  374,472  311,671  Contract assets  5  845  1,305  Income tax receivables  18  9,939  10,280  Accrued expenses  18  21,845  23,840  Cash and cash equivalents  21  8,432  10,817  Total current assets  460,790  396,131  Total assets  1,685,377  1,649,606  EQUITY  Equity attributable to the owners of the parent  company  Share capital  22  72,702  72,702  Reserve for invested unrestricted equity  22  506,079  506,079  Treasury shares  22  -1,728  -1,728  Retained earnings  -34,300  74,620  Net result for the period  120,319  117,737  Total equity  663,072  769,410   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  Note  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  LIABILITIES  Non­current liabilities  Borrowings  26, 27, 29  470,431  313,890  Lease liabilities  30  124,964  144,706  Employment benefit obligations  24  982  1,513  Provisions  25  11,317  14,070  Deferred tax liabilities  19  59,818  52,667  Other non-current liabilities  11,817  12,009  Total non­current liabilities  679,329  538,854  Current liabilities  Lease liabilities  30  47,005  43,889  Contract liabilities  5  3,369  2,886  Provisions  25  438  326  Trade and other payables  28  292,164  284,395  Income tax liabilities  0  9,846  Total current liabilities  342,976  341,342  Total equity and liabilities  1,685,377  1,649,606   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated statement of cash flows

| EUR thousands  Note  1 Jan-31 Dec  2022  1 Jan-31 Dec  2021  Cash flows from operating activities  Net result for the period  120,319  117,737  Adjustments  1)  240,884  240,770  Change in net working capital  2)  -23,935  2,296  Dividends received  36  36  Interest paid  -4,472  -5,259  Interest received  453  272  Other financial items  -2,902  -2,151  Income taxes paid  -26,526  -15,889  Net cash generated from operating activities  303,858  337,812  Cash flows from investing activities  Investments in property, plant and equipment (PPE) and  intangible assets  -147,915  -160,614  Proceeds from sale of PPE  350  585  Other investments  -143  -91  Group account receivable  -57,645  -3,958  Net cash used in investing activities  -205,353  -164,077  Cash flows from financing activities  Dividend distribution  22  -200,917  -  Proceeds from borrowings  26, 27  252,755  95,000  Repayment of borrowings  26, 27  -111,429  -223,123  Repayment of lease liabilities  -41,298  -42,428  Net cash used in financing activities  -100,889  -170,551  Change in cash and cash equivalents  -2,385  3,184  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  21  10,817  7,633  Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  21  8,432  10,817   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  Note  1 Jan-31 Dec  2022  1 Jan-31 Dec  2021  1)  Adjustments:  Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  8  203,810  204,429  Gains and losses on disposals of non-current  assets  153  -431  Other non-cash income and expense  -14  -16  Finance income and expense  10, 11  9,435  6,887  Income tax expense  12  30,672  29,554  Change in provisions  -3,171  346  Total adjustments  240,884  240,770  2)  Change in net working capital:  Change in trade and other receivables  -32,907  -20,887  Change in inventories  20  -7,038  -4,493  Change in trade and other payables  16,010  27,676  Change in net working capital  -23,935  2,296   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated statement of changes in equity

| EUR thousands  Note  Share capital  Reserve for invested  unrestricted equity  Treasury shares  Retained earnings  Total equity  1 Jan 2021  72,702  506,079  -1,728  80,149  657,202  Comprehensive income  Net result for the period  117,737  117,737  Other comprehensive income  Total other comprehensive income, net of tax  24  -310  -310  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  117,427  117,427  Transactions with owners  Share-based payments  23  300  300  Group contribution  32  -5,519  -5,519  Total transactions with owners  -  -  -  -5,219  -5,219  31 Dec 2021  72,702  506,079  -1,728  192,357  769,410  1 Jan 2022  72,702  506,079  -1,728  192,357  769,410  Comprehensive income  Net result for the period  120,319  120,319  Other comprehensive income  Total other comprehensive income, net of tax  24  426  426  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  120,744  120,744  Transactions with owners  Share-based payments  23  715  715  Dividend distribution  22  -200,917  -200,917  Group contribution  32  -26,880  -26,880  Total transactions with owners  -  -  -  -227,082  -227,082  31 Dec 2022  72,702  506,079  -1,728  86,019  663,072   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the consolidated financial statements

## 1 General information

DNA Group ('DNA', the 'Company') is a national supplier of mobile communication services.

Copies of the Consolidated Financial Statements are available	online	at	www.dna.fi	or	at	the	Group	parent company	head	office	at	Läkkisepäntie	21,	00620	Helsinki, Finland.

DNA is part of the Telenor Group. DNA's parent company is Telenor Finland Holding Oy. Telenor ASA is the parent company of the Telenor Group.  Copies of the Consolidated Financial Statements are available at Telenor	head	office	at	Snarøyveien	30,	N-1360	Fornebu, Norway.

DNA Plc's Board of Directors approved the release of these	consolidated	financial	statements	at	a	meeting on 17 February 2023. Under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act, shareholders can approve or reject the consolidated	financial	statements	in	the	Annual	General Meeting held after the release.

## 2 Accounting principles

## Basis of preparation

The	Consolidated	financial	statements	have	been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) the IAS and IFRS standards as well as SIC and IFRS interpretations applicable as at 31 December 2022. International Financial Reporting Standards refer to the standards and interpretations applicable by corporations set out by the Finnish Accounting Act and other regulations set out on the basis of this ordinance enforced for application in accordance with the procedure stipulated in the regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the	Council.	The	notes	to	the	Consolidated	financial statements also comply with Finnish accounting and corporate legislation complementing the IFRS standards.

The	Consolidated	financial	statements	have	been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified	by	the	revaluation	of	investments,	and	financial assets	and	financial	liabilities	at	fair	value	through	the income	statement.	The	consolidated	financial	statements are presented in thousand euros.

## New and amended standards adopted by the Group

The Group has adopted the followings standards and	amended	standards	during	the	financial	year commencing 1 January 2022:

Amendments to IFRS 3 : Reference to the Conceptual Framework (effective from 1 Jan 2022).

Amendments to IAS 37 : Onerous Contracts - Costs of Fulfilling	a	Contract	(effective	from	1	Jan	2022).

Amendments to IAS 16 : Proceeds before Intended Use (effective from 1 Jan 2022).

Amendments to IFRS 9 : Fees in the '10 per cent' test for derecognition	of	financial	liabilities	(effective	from	1	Jan 2022).

These changes have not had material impact on the Group.

## Subsidiaries

The	Consolidated	financial	statements	comprise the parent company DNA Plc and all its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity.

The acquisition method of accounting is applied to business combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group. Acquisitionrelated costs are	expensed	as	incurred.	Identifiable	assets	acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. On an acquisitionby-acquisition basis, the Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquirees' net assets.

The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the group's share of	the	identifiable	net	assets	acquired	is	recorded	as goodwill.

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

All intercompany transactions, receivables, liabilities, unrealised	gains	and	internal	profit	distribution	are eliminated	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the	transferred	asset.		Distribution	of	profit	between parent company shareholders and non-controlling shareholders is presented in the income statement, and distribution of comprehensive income between parent company shareholders and non-controlling shareholders is presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Non-controlling interest in equity is presented in the balance sheet as a separate component of shareholder's equity. The Group did not have any non-controlling shareholders during the financial	years	2021	and	2022.

## Associated companies

Associated companies are companies in which the Group has	a	significant	influence.	A	significant	influence	is realised if the Group holds more than 20 per cent of the voting	rights	or	otherwise	has	a	significance	influence without exercising full control.

Associated companies are consolidated using the equity method. If the Group's share of the associated companies' losses exceeds the carrying amount of the investment, the investment is recognised in the balance sheet at zero value and the portion of the losses exceeding the carrying amount is not consolidated unless the Group has agreed to meet the associated companies' obligations.	Unrealised	profits	between	the	Group	and its associated companies are eliminated to the extent of the Group's share of ownership. The investment in each associated company includes goodwill arising from the acquisition. The Group's share of the associated companies'	result	for	the	financial	year	corresponding the Group's share of ownership is recognised separately below the operating result line. The Group's share of its associates' movements in other comprehensive income is recognised in the Group's other comprehensive income. The Group's associates have not had any such items during	the	financial	years	2021	and	2022.

## Joint arrangements

Joint arrangement refers to an arrangement where two or more entities jointly control an arrangement. Joint arrangements	are	classified	either	as	a	joint	venture	or a joint operation. A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, whereas in a joint operation, the Group has rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement.

Suomen Yhteisverkko Oy, established during the reporting period 2014 is accounted for in accordance with IFRS 11 as a joint operation. The parties control the arrangement jointly. According to the contractual agreement, all decisions on essential operations of the company require unanimous agreement by both parties. The	joint	arrangement	is	classified	as	a	joint	operation. The contractual arrangement establishes the owners of Suomen Yhteisverkko Oy rights to the assets and obligations for liabilities, relating to the arrangement, and the parties' rights to the corresponding revenues and obligations for the corresponding expenses. DNA recognises its share of Suomen Yhteisverkko Oy's assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in its consolidated financial	statements.

## Segment reporting

The reporting on the operating segments is consistent with the internal reporting to the chief operating decision maker and the DNA's operating segments form also reportable segments. The CEO, who is responsible for strategic and operative decisions, has been nominated the chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segments and to assess their performance.

## Foreign currency translation

The	consolidated	financial	statements	are	presented	in euro, which is the functional and presentation currency of the Group's parent company.

## Foreign currency transactions

Foreign currency transactions are translated into functional currency applying the exchange rates valid on the date of the transaction. Monetary items denominated in foreign currency are translated into functional currency applying the exchange rates quoted on the balance sheet date.

Gains and losses on foreign currency transactions and translation of monetary items are recognised in the income statement. Exchange gains and losses related to business operations are included in other operating income or expenses.

## Property, plant and equipment

Items of property, plant and equipment have been carried at their historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.

If an item consists of several components with varying useful lives, each component is treated as a separate asset. In this case, the cost of replacement is capitalised. In other cases, subsequent costs are included in the carrying amount of the asset only when it is probable that the	future	economic	benefits	that	are	attributable	to	the asset	will	flow	to	the	Group	and	the	cost	of	the	item	can be measured reliably. Other repair and maintenance costs are	recognised	against	profit	or	loss	as	they	are	incurred.

Depreciation on assets is calculated using the straightline method over the estimated useful lives. Land is not recognised as a depreciable asset.

The depreciation periods are as follows:

## Buildings and constructions

| Buildings  25 years  Constructions  10-25 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------|

| ## Machinery and equipment  Networks  5-15 years  Machinery and equipments  3-15 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Residual values and useful lives are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and, if appropriate, adjusted to	reflect	any	changes	in	the	expectation	of	financial benefit.

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment ceases when	the	asset	is	classified	as	held	for	sale.

Capital gain or loss on the decommissioning and disposal of property, plant and equipment are included in other operating income or other operating expenses.

## Intangible assets

## Goodwill

Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries and represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the Group's interest in the fair value of the identifiable	net	assets	acquired	at	the	acquisition date. Goodwill arising from business combinations is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are not reversed. Goodwill is allocated to operating segments for the purpose of impairment testing.

## Research and development expenditure

Research expenditure is recognised as an expense in the income statement. Expenditure for the development of new or improved products is capitalised as intangible assets in the balance sheet when the product is technically feasible and commercially viable and it is likely	that	the	future	economic	benefits	attributable	to the development expenditure will go to the company Capitalised development expenditure comprises material, work and testing expenses that are directly attributable of completing the product for its intended use. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period. Intangible assets are amortised from the date they are ready for use. Subsequent the initial recognition, capitalised development expenditure is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment. Currently the Group has no uncompleted capitalised development expenditure.

## Contractual customer base

Contractual customer base acquired in a business combination is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.	The	contractual	customer	base	has	a	finite	useful life and is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straightline method over the expected life of the customer base.

## Other intangible assets

Intangible assets are recorded at historical cost in the balance sheet only when it is probable that the future economic	benefits	that	are	attributable	to	the	asset	will flow	to	the	Group	and	the	cost	can	be	measured	reliably.

Intangible	assets	with	finite	useful	life	are	recognised as an expense on a straightline basis in the income statement over their known or foreseeable useful life.

The useful lives of other intangible assets are as follows:

| Development costs  3 years  Customer contracts and  the related customer relationships  1-20 years  IT software  3-10 years  Brand  Indefinite	useful	life,  not depreciated  Spectrum license  17-20 years  Other intangible assets  2-10 years   |
|---|

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or probable net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated cost to sell. Inventories are stated at the weighted average price.

## Lease agreements

DNA Plc mostly acts as a lessee. The Group enters into agreements	to	lease	office	premises,	equipment	facilities and	aerial	sites	in	particular.	For	office	premises,	the average lease period is 2 to 5 years and for equipment facilities 4 to 7 years. Due to the nature of leases, the Group's most essential contracts are related to leased premises and equipment spaces.  In addition, the Group has essential individual agreements related to technology which have an essential impact on the assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. After consideration, DNA does not separate non-lease components from associated lease components and report lease components and non-lease components as a single lease component. DNA Plc uses the exemption for short-term leases. Lease payments associated with short-term leases are recorded as an expense. Lease agreements are	reported	in	the	profit	and	loss	as	depreciation	and interest expense.

For more information on lease agreements, please see note 30.

## Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

Goodwill,	intangible	assets	with	indefinite	useful	life	and intangible assets in progress are tested for impairment annually and whenever there is any indication of impairment	of	an	asset.	Intangible	assets	with	finite	useful lives and tangible assets, including right-of-use assets, are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately	identifiable	cash	inflows	which	are	largely independent.

Recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's fair value less costs to sell, or the value in use. Value in use refers to	the	estimated	future	net	cash	flows	obtainable	from the asset or a cash generating unit (CGU), which are discounted to their present value. The discount rate is the	pretax	rate	that	reflects	current	market	assessments of	the	time	value	of	money	and	the	risks	specific	to	the asset.

An impairment loss is recognised when the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is immediately recognised in the income statement. If an impairment loss is recognised for a CGU, the	loss	is	first	allocated	to	reduce	goodwill	on	the	CGU and then to reduce other assets of the unit on a prorata basis. When an impairment loss is recognised, the useful life of the amortised asset is reassessed. In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there is a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount for the asset. However, the reversal will not exceed the carrying amount that the asset would have if an impairment loss had not been recognised. An impairment loss for goodwill cannot be reversed.

## Employee benefits

## Retirement benefit obligations

The Group's employee pension plans are managed by external insurance companies. The TyEL pension insurances managed by the pension insurance companies	are	treated	as	defined	contribution	plans,	and additional	pension	insurances	as	defined	benefit	plans.

A	defined	contribution	plan	is	a	pension	plan	under	which the	Group	pays	fixed	contributions	into	a	separate	entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further	contributions	if	the	fund	does	not	hold	sufficient assets	to	pay	all	employees	the	benefit	relating	to employee service in the current and prior periods.

In contribution-based plans, the Group makes payments to publicly or privately managed pension insurances, which are mandatory, contract-based or voluntary. The Group has no other payment obligations apart from these. The payments are recognised as employee expenses when they fall due. Payments made in advance are recognised as assets in the balance sheet to the extent	there	are	economic	benefits	available	in	the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

Post-employment	plans	other	than	defined	contribution plans	are	defined	benefit	plans.	DNA	also	has	additional defined	benefit	plans	for	some	employees.	Defined benefit	plans	generally	pay	an	agreed	benefit	at retirement, determined by a formula based on one or more factors, such as the employee's age at retirement, years of service and compensation earned while in employment.

Net	defined	benefit	plan	liability	is	reported	in	the balance sheet at present value at the end of the annual reporting period. The fair value of any plan assets is deducted from the present value. The Group's obligations with	regard	to	defined	benefit	plans	are	based	on

unbiased actuarial assumptions using the projected unit credit method. The present value of the obligation is determined by using the market yields of high-quality bonds issued by companies as the discount rate. These bonds	are	issued	in	the	currency	in	which	the	benefits are to be paid and their maturity corresponds in essential aspects to the maturity of the pension obligation being considered.

Gains or losses resulting from actuarial losses or past service costs are recognised in the statement of other comprehensive income when they occur. Past service costs are recognised immediately at fair value through the income statement.

## Share-based payments

Telenor has long-term share incentive plans based on which individuals perform work in order to gain Telenor Group's equity instruments. Payments will be made in cash, which will be used to purchase Telenor's shares. The fair value of the consideration received for equity instruments is recognized as an expense in the period in which all vesting conditions are expected to be met. An estimate of how many equity instruments are expected to vest is reviewed at the end of each reporting period. The potential effect of revisions to the original estimates is recognized in the income statement and a corresponding adjustment is made to equity. If the right to the shares is	cancelled	due	to	the	non-fulfilment	of	performancebased conditions, the expenses previously recorded for those shares will be cancelled.

More information regarding share-based payments is presented in note 23.

## Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable	that	an	outflow	of	resources	will	be	required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditure required to settle the obligation. The discount rate used to determine the present value reflects	current	market	assessments	of	the	time	value of money at the time of review and the risks involved in the obligation. Where the Group expects some of the obligation to be reimbursed by a third party, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset but only when it is virtually certain.

A restructuring provision is recognised if the Group has prepared a detailed restructuring plan and initiated its implementation	or	notified	thereof.

The Group recognises a provision for onerous contracts when	the	expected	benefits	to	be	derived	from	a contract are less than the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

A provision for asset retirement obligation is recognised when the Group is under contractual obligation regarding dismantling and demolition of leased equipment and aerial sites, and telephone poles and masts.

## Current and deferred income tax

The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred income tax. Income tax is recognised in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively. The current income tax charge on taxable income for the year is calculated using the tax rate enacted at the balance sheet date adjusted by any income taxes for prior periods.

Deferred income tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill or if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that, at the time of the transaction,	affects	neither	accounting,	nor	taxable	profit or loss.

The	most	significant	temporary	differences	arise	from	the depreciation of property, plant and equipment and fair value measurement on business combinations, unused tax losses and unused taxable depreciation.

Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates enacted by the balance sheet date.

Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it	is	probable	that	future	taxable	profit	will	be	available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.

## Revenue recognition

Contractual performance obligations include voice, data, operator and TV services as well as mobile and data terminal equipment. One contract may include several performance obligations and DNA may agree on the delivery of several services or combinations of services and equipment to a customer. Those service and equipment contracts that have been signed with a customer at the same time are treated as one contract in revenue	recognition.	Prices	specified	in	the	contract	are used as transaction prices, which are allocated to each performance obligation in proportion to the standalone selling price. These are determined based on the standalone selling prices of the products included in the contract at time of sale.

A	performance	obligation	may	be	fulfilled	over	time	or	at a point in time, and the main criterion is the transfer of control. Subscription service contracts mainly comprise performance	obligations	that	are	satisfied	over	time. The performance is carried out throughout the contract period, and discounts and activation fees are allocated evenly throughout the contract period. For performance obligations	that	are	satisfied	at	a	certain	point	in	time, such as mobile equipment or services independent of other services, the customer is deemed to gain control at the entry to contract or at the time the separate service is ordered.

The customer pays for the mobile equipment fully at the time of sale or by monthly payments throughout the contract period. Monthly service fees are paid by monthly payments throughout the contract period. The time for the payment of a performance obligation may be different from the time of recognition. According to	management	evaluation,	no	financing	component applies to the performance obligations. Revenue from monthly services is recognised when the service is performed even though discounts are generally given in the beginning of the contract period. Revenue from the sales of mobile devices is recognised at the time of sale, i.e. when the device is transferred to the customer, regardless of whether the customer pays for the device fully at the time of sale or by monthly payments throughout the contract period.

A customer has the right to cancel the service contract and return the device to DNA for 14 days. If the customer cancels the contract, the activation fee is not returned to the customer. No allocation applies to the refund right in accounting, and returns are processed as normal refunds. Revenue has not been adjusted by the estimated amount of refunds as they are expected to be low.

Mobile devices have an extended warranty of 3 years. During the warranty period, DNA is obliged to service or replace the mobile device. In terms of accounting, there are no essential provisions made in relation to the warranty. The prolonged warranty period is not considered a separate performance obligation.

When a customer purchases several products included in certain product combinations, discounts for these are allocated to the relevant performance obligations in proportion to the standalone selling prices at time of sale.

Activation and connection fees are charged for subscription and data services. No individual good or service is transferred, so they are included in the transaction price, which is allocated to each performance obligation in proportion to the standalone selling prices and allocated evenly throughout the contract period.

For	fixed-term	contracts,	sales	commissions	and fees paid on obtaining a contract are recognised as incremental costs and amortised. Incremental costs are amortised over the expected contract period or the customer's average contract period depending on the nature of the purchase cost and the service. The period during which the cost of obtaining a contract is amortised,	requires	significant	judgment.

For more information, please see note 5.

## Interest and dividend

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method, and dividend income is recognised when the right to receive dividend is established.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.

## Financial assets and liabilities

## Classification of financial assets and liabilities

## Financial assets

Financial assets are recorded on the settlement date. During	the	initial	recognition	of	financial	assets,	the Group	classifies	them	into	the	following	groups: amortised	cost,	fair	value	through	profit	and	loss and fair value through other comprehensive income. Classification	depends	on	the	business	model	in	which the	financial	asset	is	held	and	the	contractual	terms	of the	financial	asset.	Financial	assets	are	derecognised when	the	right	to	receive	the	contractual	cash	flows	has expired and the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.

## Impairment of financial assets

According to the impairment model, impairment provisions must be recognised based on expected credit losses. At DNA, the impairment model applies to the recognition of impairment loss of trade receivables.  DNA applies	a	simplified	approach	and	a	provision	matrix for trade receivables as trade receivables do not have a	significant	financing	component.	Accordingly,	they are measured for impairment purposes at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses. The approach based on expected credit losses is forward looking and expected default rates are based on historical realised credit losses. The lifetime expected credit loss allowance is calculated by multiplying the gross carrying amount of trade receivables by the lifetime expected credit loss rate. The changes in expected credit losses will be recognised	in	profit	and	loss.	Regarding	assets	measured at amortised cost, DNA is actively monitoring such instruments	and	will	recognise	impairment	through	profit and loss in accordance with the set criteria.

## Financial liabilities

Borrowings recognised initially at the fair value of consideration received less transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Borrowings may include both current and non-current borrowings The Group has both current and non-current borrowings. They can be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing. Borrowings are derecognised once the Group's obligations in relation to liability is discharged, cancelled or	expired.	When	a	financial	liability	measured	at amortised	cost	is	modified	without	this	resulting in derecognition, a gain or loss is calculated as the difference	between	the	original	contractual	cash	flows and	the	modified	cash	flows	discounted	at	the	original effective interest rate.

## Derivative financial instruments

The Group does not currently hold any derivative financial	instruments.	DNA	does	not	apply	hedge accounting.

## Cash

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and bank deposits	available	on	demand.	Items	classified	as	cash and cash equivalents have a maximum maturity of three months from the date of acquisition. The related credit accounts in the group accounts are included in current financial	liabilities.

## Share capital

Outstanding ordinary shares are presented in share capital.

## Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The	preparation	of	financial	statements	requires	the use	of	accounting	estimates	which,	by	definition,	will seldom equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the group's accounting policies. These estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that management believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised and in all subsequent periods.

Management believes that the following areas comprise the	most	difficult,	subjective	or	complex	judgments	it	has to	make	in	the	preparation	of	the	financial	statements. For information on accounting policies applied, see the respective sections of this note.

## Business acquisitions

Net assets acquired through acquisitions are measured at fair value. The consideration exceeding the fair value of assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. The measurement of fair value of the assets is based on estimated market value of similar assets (tangible assets), estimate	of	expected	cash	flows	(intangible	assets	such as customer relationships) or estimate of payments required	to	fulfil	an	obligation	(such	as	assumed provisions).

Active markets, where fair values for assets and liabilities are available, exist only seldom for the acquired net assets. Therefore the valuation exercise, which is based on	repurchase	value,	expected	cash	flows	or	estimated payments, requires management judgement and assumptions. Management believes that the estimates and	assumptions	used	are	sufficiently	reliable	for determining fair values.

## Valuation of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment

Intangible assets including goodwill represent approximately 27 per cent of DNA's total assets in 2022 (28) and property, plant and equipment represent approximately 27 per cent of DNA's total assets in 2022 (28).

## Depreciation and amortisation expenses

Depreciation and amortisation expenses are based on management's estimates of residual value, depreciation and amortisation method and the useful life of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. Estimates may change due to technological developments, competition, changes in market conditions and other factors and may result in changes in the estimated useful life and in the amortisation or depreciation charges recognised through the income statement. Technological developments	are	difficult	to	predict	and	the	Group's views on the trends and pace of development may change over time. Critical estimates in the evaluations of useful lives for tangible and intangible assets include, but are not limited to, licence period and expected developments in technology and markets and in the cash	inflows	expected	to	be	derived	from	the	use	of intangibles such as a brand or customer relationships. The useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are reviewed at least annually taking into consideration the factors mentioned above and all other important relevant factors. A change in estimated useful life is a change in accounting estimate, and depreciation and amortisation plans are adjusted prospectively. For additional information on intangible assets as well as property, plant and equipment subject to amortisation and depreciation and their carrying values as of the end of the reporting period, see notes 14 and	15	to	the	Consolidated	financial	statements.

## Impairment testing

The	Group	has	made	significant	investments	in	goodwill and other intangible assets including IT systems, licences, acquired brands and customer relationships as well as in property, plant and equipment comprising mainly mobile and	fixed	broadband	network.	Goodwill,	intangible	assets with	indefinite	useful	life	and	intangible	assets	not	yet	in use are tested for impairment annually or more often if indicators of impairment exist, whereas other assets are tested for impairment when circumstances indicate there may be a potential impairment.

The determination of impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets as well as property, plant and equipment involves the use of estimates that include, but are not limited to, the cause, timing, and amount of the impairment. Impairment is based on a large number of factors, such as changes in current competitive conditions, expectations of growth in the telecommunications industry, increased cost of capital, technological obsolescence, discontinuance of services, current replacement costs, prices paid in comparable transactions, and other changes in circumstances that	indicate	an	impairment	exists.	The	identification of impairment indicators, as well as the estimation of future	cash	flows	and	the	determination	of	fair	values for assets (or groups of assets) require management to make	significant	judgments	concerning	the	identification and validation of impairment indicators, expected cash flows,	applicable	discount	rates,	useful	lives,	and	residual values. When determining the values in use for the cash generating units, additional planning uncertainties are factored	in	that	reflect	the	risks	of	macroeconomic development, which could adversely affect future results of	operations.	The	most	significant	assumptions	in goodwill impairment testing comprise of growth in net sales, development of EBITDA, determination of the discount rate (WACC), and long-term growth rate used after	the	five-year	forecast	period.	The	carrying	amount of goodwill at 31 December 2022 was EUR 338.7 million (338.7). Further details on goodwill impairment testing, including a sensitivity analysis, are included in note 15.

## Lease agreements

Critical judgements and material estimates are mainly related to the length of the lease period as well as the determination of the discount rate.

## Provisions

Provisions for asset retirement obligations related to equipment facilities, masts and telephone poles in use and onerous contracts by DNA are determined based on the net present value (NPV) of DNA's total estimated dismantling or demolition costs for asset retirement obligations and unavoidable costs for onerous costs. The estimates are based on future estimated level of expenses	taking	into	account	the	effect	of	inflation, costbase development and discounting. Assumptions are also used in assessing the time periods for which the asset retirement costs are incurred. Because actual outflows	can	differ	from	estimates	due	to	changes	in laws and regulations, technology, prices and conditions, and can take place many years in the future, the carrying amounts of provisions are regularly reviewed and adjusted to take into account of any such changes. The discount rate applied is reviewed monthly.

Provisions recognized for future costs related to asset retirement obligations amounted to EUR 11.2 million on 31 December 2022 (13.8) and for onerous contracts EUR 0.0 million on 31 December 2022 (0.0). See note 25 for more information on provisions.

## Revenue recognition

## Principal or agent - gross versus net presentation

When DNA acts as a principal, income and payments to suppliers are reported on a gross basis in revenue and operating costs. If DNA sells goods or services as an agent (mainly value added or content services for mobile services) revenue and payments to suppliers are recorded in revenue on a net basis, representing the margin/commission earned.

Whether the Group is considered to act as the principal or the agent in a transaction depends on analysis by management of both the legal form and substance of the agreement between the group and its business partners; such judgments impact the amount of reported revenue and operating expenses but do not impact net income or cash	flows.

Features indicating that the Group is acting as a principal include responsibility for providing the goods or services and the group has latitude in establishing prices or provides additional goods and services. When the Group is acting as an agent, it does not have exposure	to	significant	risks	and	rewards	associated	with the sale of goods or services or the amount it earns is predetermined,	being	either	a	fixed	fee	per	transaction	or a stated percentage of the amount billed to the customer.

## New standards and interpretations not yet adopted by the Group

The following new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory until after 1 January 2022 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the group:

Amendments	to	IAS	8:	Definition	of	Accounting	Estimates (effective from 1 Jan 2023 or later).

Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting Policies (effective from 1 Jan 2023 or later).

Amendments to IAS 12: Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction (effective from 1 Jan 2023 or later).

Amendments	to	IAS	1:	Classification	of	Liabilities	as Current or Non-current (effective from 1 Jan 2024 or later).

Amendments to IFRS 16: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback (effective from 1 Jan 2024 or later).

Each standard will be adopted by the Group on the effective date, or if the effective date is other than the first	day	of	the	reporting	period,	the	next	day,	subject	to endorsement by the EU.

No already published but not yet applied IFRS standards or IFRIC interpretations are expected to have material impact on the Group.

## 3 Financial risk management

The main objectives of the Group's treasury operations are funding, optimising cost of capital and manag-ing financing	risks.	Principles	of	risk	managements	are defined	in	the	Group	treasury	policy,	approved	by	the parent company Board of Directors. The policy includes guidelines for raising capital, investing cash surplus and managing	finance	risk.	The	Group	treasury	activities	are centralised at the parent company treasury department which	coordinates	and	monitors	financing	in	the subsidiaries and reports to the Group management. The Group liquidity is centralised by using Group accounts and pooling systems. The parent company is responsible for investing the surplus liquidity as well as managing the	Group's	external	funding	requirements.	Any	finance deficit	in	the	subsidiaries	will	be	financed	through	internal loans within the Group.

The	main	financial	risks	in	the	Group	are	liquidity, credit and interest rate risk. The objective of the Group financing	risk	management	is	to	identify	and	measure the	total	risk	position	created	by	the	Group	financ-ing operations and to carry out risk management measures to	ensure	that	the	total	financing	risk	will	not	exceed	the Group risk-bearing capacity and objectives. The Group's currency risk is not material since its operations are mainly carried out in Finland.

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk refers to situations where the Group's financial	assets	and	extra	funding	opportunities	fall short of the Group's requirements or the cost of raising funding s is higher than the market cost. Creating cash flow	forecasts	and	determining	any	related	uncertainties are the key measures to manage liquidity risk. At the end of 2022, the Group had a strong liquidity position with cash and cash equivalents of EUR 8.4 million (10.8), and borrowings (non-current and current) of EUR 470.4 million (313.9). In addition to cash and bank deposits, DNA had group cash pool receivables of EUR 85.3 million (27.6) and unused credit facilities and other committed

## Debt maturity analysis

| 2022  EUR thousands  Less than 1 year  1-5 years  Over 5 years  Total  Total  Interest  payment  Re­  payment  Interest  payment  Re­  payment  Interest  payment  Re­  payment  Interest  payment  Re­  payment  Cash  flow  Borrowings  1)  6,174  -  9,804  473,350  -  -  15,978  473,350  489,329  Lease liabilities  2)  -  46,959  -  118,282  -  16,934  -  182,175  182,175  Trade payables  -  116,985  -  -  -  -  -  116,985  116,985   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2021

| EUR thousands  Less than 1 year  1-5 years  Over 5 years  Total  Total  Interest  payment  Re­  payment  Interest  payment  Re­  payment  Interest  payment  Re­  payment  Interest  payment  Re­  payment  Cash  flow  Borrowings  1)  3,489  -  10,529  315,096  54  3,000  14,072  318,096  332,169  Lease liabilities  2)  -  44,927  -  126,319  -  20,319  -  191,565  191,565  Trade payables  -  120,569  -  -  -  -  -  120,569  120,569   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Borrowings	excluding	finance	leases

2) Undiscounted	cash	flows	of	lease	liabilities

The following year's repayments are included in current liabilities. At balance sheet date, the average rate of variable rate loans was 2.82 per cent (0.0) and variable rate loans constituted 47 per cent (21) of the Group's borrowings.

credit facilities of EUR 122.7 million (174.9). The Group's cash and bank deposits and undrawn committed credit facilities, excluding group cash pool receivable, amounted to EUR 131.2 million (185.7). Total borrowings increased by EUR 155 million in 2022.

Borrowings	from	financial	institutions	have	variable	rates and	bonds	have	fixed	rates.	The	coupon	rate	for	the	bond maturing in March 2025 is 1.375 per cent.

## Credit risk

The Group has a large number of customers and the individual receivable amounts are small, and as such there are no major individual risks. New customers are subjected to credit check as part of the ordering process, and if any existing customers are found to have credit problems, unsecured new sales are not made. In 2022, the impairment loss of trade receivables totaled EUR 3.3 million (3.0). The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting	date	is	the	carrying	value	of	financial	assets. Customers with weaker solvency are required to pay the basic charges in advance as a deposit. Counterparty risk refers to a situation where the other party fails to meet	its	obligations	under	the	financing	agreement.	To restrict and monitor the counterparty risk, investments and derivative instruments are managed by counterparty, financial	instrument	and	maturity	limits.	Counterparty risk mainly relates to the cash and cash equivalents of	the	company.	DNA	is	not	subject	to	any	significant counterparty risk since cash and cash equivalents are distributed	to	several	financial	institutions	with	good credit ratings.

## Trade receivables and contract assets

Under	IFRS	9,	DNA	can	apply	a	simplified	approach for expected credit losses from trade receivables and contract assets, according to which expected credit losses are measured for impairment purposes at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses.

For the purpose of determining expected credit losses, trade receivables and contract assets have been grouped based on their credit risk characteristics and historical loss rates. Contract assets are included in non-invoiced items, and their risk characteristics are similar to trade receivables from similar types of contracts.

The age distribution of outstanding trade receivables is shown in the following table.

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Undue  255,515  229,997  1-45 days overdue  14,509  12,962  46-90 days overdue  1,741  1,706  91-180 days overdue  2,457  2,452  More than 180 days overdue  4,569  4,602  Total  278,790  251,719   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest rate risk

The Group's interest rate risk primarily comprises interest	rate	sensitivity	of	financial	items,	referring	to the direct effect of changes in the interest rate level on financial	items,	mainly	borrowings,	and	historical-ly	also derivative instruments. DNA's interest rate risk arises from borrowings	that	are	issued	at	floating	rates	and	expose DNA	to	cash	flow	interest	rate	risk.	To	manage	its	interest rate risk, the Group may use interest rate derivatives. At 31 December 2022, DNA did not hedge any of its borrowings (hedged 0). At the end of 2022, the Group had no interest rate derivatives (0).

Borrowings	issued	at	fixed	rates,	mainly	the	fixed	rate bonds, expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. As at 31 December 2022, 53 per cent of DNA's borrowings were	fixed	rate	(79).

If interest rates had been one percentage point higher, with all other variables held constant, the calcu-lated post-tax result would have been EUR 1.0 million lower (-0.2) and, with the corresponding decrease in interest rates, the calculated post-tax result would have been EUR 1.0	million	higher	(+0.2).	The	sensitivity	analysis covers the Group's variablerate loans, cash and cash equivalents.

## Capital management

The objective of the Group's capital management is to support the business operations by optimising the capital structure, as well as increasing shareholder value by maximising return on capital.

The	capital	structure	can	be	influenced	for	example through dividend distribution, repayment of capital and planning	the	cash	outflows	for	investments.	The	Group management monitors the development of the capital structure for example on the basis of the gearing and equity ratios as well as the det debt to EBITDA ratio. The Group's	credit	facility	agreements	do	not	include	financial covenants. The equity ratio on the balance sheet date was 39.9 per cent (47.3) and net debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.74:1 (1. 37:1).

## Financial instruments by class

## Financial assets

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Financial assets recognised at amortised cost  Trade receivables  1)  278,790  251,719  Other financial assets recognised at amortised cost  10,128  8,777  Cash and cash equivalents  8,432  10,817  Financial assets recognised at fair value through other comprehensive income  111  111  Total  297,461  271,424   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Financial liabilities  EUR thousands  2022  2021  Financial liabilities recognised at amortised cost  Trade and other payables  2)  148,036  151,124  Borrowings  642,400  502,486  Total  790,435  653,610   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Prepayments	are	excluded	from	trade	and	other	receivables	as	they	do	not	represent	financial	instruments.

2) Trade	and	other	payables	do	not	include	items	other	than	financial	liabilities	because	this	analysis	is	only	required	for	financial	instruments.

## 4 Segment information

The Group's operations are managed and reported according to the following business segments:

DNA's Consumer segment offers consumers diverse telecommunication services such as communication, information, safety and entertainment, including mobile phones and mobile phone subscriptions, broadband (mobile	and	fixed),	data	security	services,	TV	services from	connections	to	channel	packages	as	well	as	fixed telephone connections.

DNA's Corporate segment offers companies and communities nationwide, standardised and easyto-use communication and data network solutions, including SMS, telecommunication and voice services, comprehensive solutions as well as services to domestic and international teleoperators.

The primary key indicators for the segments' result monitoring comprise net sales, EBITDA and operating result.	Items	not	allocated	to	segments	include	finance items, share of associates' results and income tax expense.

The DNA Group operates in Finland, domestic operations accounting for a majority of its net sales. In 2022, foreign operations accounted for EUR 24.4 million (22.1).

As the products and services of the Group's extensive portfolio are targeted at the mass market, the Group is not dependent on any single customer.

The	primary	key	indicators	for	the	segments'	profit	and loss monitoring comprise net sales, EBITDA and operating result. The company believes that the EBITDA measure provides meaningful supplemental information to the company	management	and	the	readers	of	its	financial statements by excluding items that may not be indicative of	the	company's	operating	result	or	cash	flows.

## 1-12/2022

| EUR thousands  Business segments  Consumer business  Corporate business  Unallocated  Group total  Total revenues  761,901  235,159  997,059  EBITDA  283,758  80,257  364,015  Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  132,058  71,752  203,810  Operating result  151,700  8,505  160,206  Net finance items  -9,229  -9,229  Share of associates' results  14  14  Net result before income tax  150,991  Net result for the period  120,319  Capital expenditure  1)  107,190  60,162  167,353  Employees at end of period  949  746  1,695  ## 1-12/2021  ## EUR thousands  Business segments  Consumer business  Corporate business  Unallocated  Group total  Total revenues  727,483  228,478  955,961  EBITDA  279,153  79,439  358,591  Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  131,708  72,720  204,429  Operating result  147,444  6,718  154,163  Net finance items  -6,887  -6,887  Share of associates' results  16  16  Net result before income tax  147,291  Net result for the period  117,737  Capital expenditure  1)  126,221  65,034  191,256  Employees at end of period  898  706  1,604   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Capital	expenditure	is	defined	as	additions	to	property,	plant	and	equipment	and	intangible	assets	excluding	business	acquisitions	and	asset	retirement obligations. Capital expenditure includes capitalised licences.

EBITDA is not prepared in accordance with IFRS and is therefore	considered	a	non-IFRS	financial	measure,	which should not be viewed in isolation or as a substitute to the equivalent	IFRS	financial	measures.	EBITDA	should	not be considered as an alternative to (a) operating result or net result for the period as a measure of operating performance,	(b)	cash	flows	from	operating,	investing	or financing	activities	as	a	measure	of	the	company's	ability to	meet	its	cash	needs	or	(c)	any	other	IFRS	financial measures, or as a measure of performance or liquidity.

## 5 Revenue from contracts with customers

## Aggregation of revenue

The group revenue consists of income from contracts with customers. The Consumer segment revenue in 2022 was EUR 761.9 million (727.5) and the Corporate segment revenue was EUR 235.2 million (228.5).

Segment revenue is derived from the transfer of goods and services in the following product lines over time and at a point in time:

| EUR thousands  1-12/2022  1-12/2021  Timing of revenue recognition  Point in time  Over time  Point in time  Over time  Subscription and traffic  533,446  512,461  Interconnect revenues  33,404  39,311  Mobile revenues subscriptions  566,849  551,772  Other mobile revenues  17,161  13,239  Total mobile revenues  584,010  565,011  Non-mobile revenues  171,763  22,978  152,122  19,992  Other revenues  1)  3,633  3,749  Total revenues mobile operation  171,763  610,621  152,122  588,752  Telephony  13,856  16,300  Internet and TV  162,913  157,136  Other revenues  24,978  26,356  Total retail revenues  201,748  199,792  Wholesale revenues  12,927  15,296  Total revenues fixed operation  214,675  215,088  Total revenues  171,763  825,296  152,122  803,839   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Other revenues consist of, among other things, rental income and income from the sale of assets.

## Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers

DNA has recognised the following contract assets related to revenue. Contract assets include deferred discounts. Discounts are recognised evenly throughout the contract period.

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Contract assets  852  1,317  Loss allowance  -7  -12  Total contract assets  845  1,305   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DNA has recognised the following contract liabilities related to revenue. The debt includes activation and connection fees as well as adjustments to subscription and device bundles as a result of the allocation of separate performance obligations on the basis of their relative standalone selling prices. Activation and connection fees are recognised during the contract period.

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Contract liabilities  3,369  2,886   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------|

## Significant changes in contract assets and liabilities

Contract assets have decreased by EUR 0.5 million due to decreased connection-equipment sales. Contract liabilities have increased by EUR 0.5 million due to increased installation sales.

## Revenue recognised related to contract liabilitiest

The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to carried-forward liabilities.

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Revenue recognised that was  included in the contract liability  balance at the beginning of the  period  1,650  1,916   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management expects that 58 per cent (57) or EUR 1.5 million (0.9) of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied	contracts	as	of	31	December	2022	will	be recognised as revenue during the next reporting period. The remaining 42 per cent (43) or EUR 1.1 million (0.7) will be recognised during 2024 or later.

The	figure	above	does	not	include	variable consideration, which is constrained.

All other contracts are for periods of one year or less or are billed based on time incurred. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied	contracts	is	not	disclosed.

## Assets recognised from costs to obtain a contract

In addition to the contract balances disclosed above, DNA has also recognised an asset in relation to costs to obtain a contract. The asset is recognised as a cost throughout the contract period consistent with the pattern of recognition of the associated revenue.

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Asset recognised from costs  incurred to obtain a contract  at 31 December  84,289  74,884  Costs recognised through profit  and loss during the period  35,830  33,191   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 Other operating income

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Rental income  3,046  3,026  Other income  587  643  Total  3,633  3,669   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7 Other operating expenses

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Maintenance expenses  68,954  57,521  Rental expenses  2,943  2,001  External services  4,700  5,812  Other expenses  44,009  36,057  Total  120,606  101,390   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Auditor's fees

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Ernst	&amp;	Young	Oy  Audit fees  267  415  Tax services  46  21  Other services  183  99  Total  496  535   |
|---|

## 8 Depreciation, amortisation and impairment

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Depreciation and amortisation changes per category:  Intangible assets  Customer base  3,800  4,037  Brand  -  0  Other intangible assets  41,052  40,846  Total  44,851  44,883  Property, plant and equipment  Buildings and constructions  3,117  3,791  Machinery and equipment  108,184  107,941  Total  111,300  111,732  Right­of­use assets  Other intangible assets  6,217  6,217  Land and water  482  387  Buildings and constructions  40,276  40,523  Machinery and equipment  684  688  Total  47,658  47,814  Total depreciation, amortisation and impairment  203,810  204,429   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9 Employment benefit expenses

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Wages and salaries  95,611  94,662  Pension expenses - defined contribution plan  15,988  16,563  Pension expenses - defined benefit plan  -33  61  Share-based payments  1,058  1,304  Other personnel expenses  3,107  4,000  Total  115,732  116,590  ## Number of personnel, average  Consumer business  934  914  Corporate business  734  718  Total  1,668  1,632   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Key management compensations are presented in note 32 Related party transactions.

## 10  Finance income

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Interest income from receivables  716  272  Dividend income from other investments  32  32  Total  748  304   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11 Finance expense

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Interest expense  5,909  4,138  Other financial expenses  1)  4,068  3,053  Total  9,976  7,191   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Other	financial	expenses	include	financial	expenses	related	to	lease	liabilities	amounting	to	EUR	2.1	million	(0.9).

## 12 Income tax expense

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Income tax, current year  -23,782  -21,653  Income tax, previous years  41  1,315  Change in deferred tax  -6,931  -9,217  Total  -30,672  -29,554  Reconciliation of the income tax expense and the taxes  calculated at the Finnish tax rate:  Net result before tax  150,991  147,291  Income tax at Finnish tax rate (2022: 20%, 2021: 20%)  -30,198  -29,458  Tax effects of:  Income not subject to tax  125  48  Non-deductible expenses  -159  -1,517  Income taxes from previous years  41  1,315  Adjustment to change in deferred tax  -492  -  Additional deductible expenses  10  58  Tax expense in the consolidated profit and loss statement  -30,672  -29,554   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13 Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net result attributable to owners of	the	parent	for	the	financial	period,	by	the	weighted	average	number	of	outstanding shares	during	the	financial	period.	Earnings	per	share	adjusted	for	dilution	effect	is calculated by including the potential dilution effect of the share-based reward plan.

| 2022  2021  Net result attributable to owners of the parent,  EUR thousands  120,319  117,737  Weighted average number of shares, thousands  132,182  132,182  Basic earnings per share, EUR/share  0.91  0.89  Weighted average number of shares for the purpose of  calculating EPS adjusted for dilution, thousands  132,182  132,182  Earnings per share adjusted for dilution effect, EUR/share  0.91  0.89   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14 Property, plant and equipment

| EUR thousands  Land and  water  Buildings and  constructions  Machinery and  equipment  Prepayments and  non­current assets  under construction  Total  31 Dec 2020  Cost  713  69,631  1,822,958  49,473  1,942,776  Accumulated depreciation  -  -47,458  -1,433,600  -  -1,481,059  Net book amount  713  22,172  389,360  49,473  461,717  1-12/2021  Opening net book amount  713  22,172  389,360  49,473  461,717  Additions and transfers  -  6,636  118,897  -5,633  119,900  Disposals  -18  -325  -974  -  -1,317  Accumulated depreciation relating to disposals  -  310  853  -  1,162  Depreciation charge  -  -3,845  -107,887  -  -111,732  Closing net book amount  695  24,948  400,248  43,840  469,730  31 Dec 2021  Cost  695  75,942  1,940,881  43,840  2,061,359  Accumulated depreciation  -  -50,993  -1,540,635  -  -1,591,628  Net book amount  695  24,948  400,248  43,840  469,730  1-12/2022  Opening net book amount  695  24,948  400,248  43,840  469,730  Additions and transfers  -  -17,408  128,517  -12,526  98,582  Disposals  -  -2,076  -9,294  -  -11,370  Accumulated depreciation relating to disposals  -  4,301  3,428  -  7,728  Depreciation charge  -  -3,117  -108,184  -  -111,300  Closing net book amount  695  6,648  414,715  31,313  453,371  31 Dec 2022  Cost  695  56,458  2,060,104  31,313  2,148,571  Accumulated depreciation  -  -49,809  -1,645,391  -  -1,695,200  Net book amount  695  6,648  414,715  31,313  453,371   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A	reclassification	was	made	in	2022	for	DNA	Tower	Finland	Oy	from	buildings	and	constructions	to	machinery	and	equipment.

The	reclassified	property	comprised	of	masts	with	a	bookkeeping	value	of	EUR	18.4	million	as	at	31	December	2022.

## 15 Property, plant and equipment

| EUR thousands  Goodwill  Customer  base  Brand  Other  intangible  assets  Prepayments and  non­current assets  under construction  Total  31 Dec 2020  Cost  443,184  133,502  46,744  434,547  11,060  1,069,039  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  -104,479  -88,822  -24,565  -379,282  -3,057  -600,205  Net book amount  338,706  44,680  22,179  55,265  8,003  468,833  1-12/2021  Opening net book amount  338,706  44,680  22,179  55,266  8,003  468,833  Additions and transfers  -  -  -  43,172  -763  42,409  Disposals  -  -  -  -799  -  -799  Amortisation relating to disposals  -  -  -  799  -  799  Amortisation charge  -  -4,037  0  -40,846  -  -44,883  Closing net book amount  338,706  40,643  22,179  57,591  7,240  466,359  31 Dec 2021  Cost  443,184  133,502  46,744  476,920  10,297  1,110,648  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  -104,479  -92,859  -24,565  -419,330  -3,057  -644,289  Net book amount  338,706  40,643  22,179  57,590  7,240  466,359   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  Goodwill  Customer  base  Brand  Other  intangible  assets  Prepayments  and  non­current  assets under  construction  Total  1-12/2022  Opening net book amount  338,706  40,643  22,179  57,591  7,240  466,359  Additions and transfers  -  -  -  40,582  -892  39,690  Disposals  -  -  -  -36,745  -  -36,745  Amortisation relating to disposals  -  -  -  36,745  -  36,745  Amortisation charge  -  -3,800  -  -41,052  -  -44,851  Closing net book amount  338,706  36,843  22,179  57,121  6,348  461,198  31 Dec 2022  Cost  443,184  133,502  46,744  480,756  9,405  1,113,593  Accumulated amortisation and  impairment  -104,479  -96,658  -24,565  -423,636  -3,057  -652,395  Net book amount  338,706  36,843  22,179  57,121  6,348  461,198   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Goodwill allocation

Goodwill is allocated to DNA's cash generating units as follows:

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Consumer segment  192,222  192,222  Corporate segment  146,483  146,483  Total  338,706  338,706   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment testing

In order to carry out impairment testing, goodwill and brands are allocated to cash generating units (CGUs) in accordance with DNA's business organisation. The balance sheet values of all CGUs are subjected to an annual impairment testing.

The recoverable amount (the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value in use) of each CGU	is	defined	as	the	value	in	use	according	to	the projected	discounted	cash	flows	(the	DCF	method).	Cash flow	projections	are	based	on	the	plans	approved	by management,	covering	a	five-year	period.	Management considers	the	projections	to	reflect	development	to	date and other information available from external sources. The (before tax) discount rate (weighted average cost of capital, WACC) used in testing represents 6.0-6.3 per cent depending on the segment. The forecasted growth rate	after	five	years	was	0.9-2.0	per	cent,	depending	on the segment.

The impairment test indicated that the recoverable amounts of the CGUs exceeded their balance sheet values and their goodwill have not been impaired. The assumptions used are based on management's best judgement based on the information available at the publication	of	the	financial	statements.

The key assumption used were growth in net sales, development	of	profitability	weighted	average	cost	of capital	(WACC)	as	well	as	the	cash	flow	growth	rate	after the	five-year	forecast	period.	The	major	sensitivities	in the result are associated with the forecasted net sales and	levels	of	profitability.

## Applied parameters used in impairment testing and sensitivity analysis

| Applied parameters 2022  Consumer  segment  Corporate  segment  Applied forecast parameters  2022  2022  Average growth in net sales, %  2.7  4.5  Average operating margin, %  1)  40.5  35.9  Average investment, % of net sales  1)  14.1  23.9  Growth after the forecast period, %  0.9  2.0  WACC, %  6.3  6.0  Amount of headroom, EUR million  3,090  313   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Five-year forecast period average

The table below illustrates the change in percentage points for key forecast parameters before the fair value falls below the carrying value (and other parameters remain unchanged).

| Consumer  segment  Corporate  segment  Sensitivity analysis of forecast parameters  2022  2022  Average EBITDA, % of net sales  -19.9  -4.6  WACC, %  19.4  2.6   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Applied parameters 2021  Consumer  segment  Corporate  segment  Applied forecast parameters  2021  2021  Average growth in net sales, %  1.7  3.4  Average operating margin, %  1)  41.2  35.7  Average investment, % of net sales  1)  14.4  25.8  Growth after the forecast period, %  0.9  2.0  WACC, %  5.8  5.5  Amount of headroom, EUR million  2,986  223   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Five-year forecast period average

The table below illustrates the change in percentage points for key forecast parameters before the fair value falls below the carrying value (and other parameters remain unchanged).

| Consumer  segment  Corporate  segment  Sensitivity analysis of forecast parameters  2021  2021  Average EBITDA, % of net sales  -19.1  -3.1  WACC, %  17.8  1.9   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16 Investments in associates

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  1 January  1,240  1,228  Share of the result for the financial period  10  12  31 December  1,249  1,240   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no goodwill related to the carrying value of associated companies in 2022 and 2021.

## Financial information on the Group's associates, including assets, liabilities, net sales as well as the Group's share of the results

## EUR thousands

| 2022  Domicile  Assets  Liabilities  Net sales  Share of result  Group holding  Suomen Numerot Numpac Oy  Helsinki  1,140  481  1,859  10  33%  Kiinteistö Oy Otavankatu 3  Pori  2,620  16  186  0  36%  Kiinteistö Oy Siilinjärven Toritie  Siilinjärvi  321  32  35  0  38%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Domicile  Assets  Liabilities  Net sales  Share of result  Group holding  Suomen Numerot Numpac Oy  Helsinki  779  150  1,840  12  33%  Kiinteistö Oy Otavankatu 3  Pori  2,655  15  191  0  36%  Kiinteistö Oy Siilinjärven Toritie  Siilinjärvi  320  31  38  0  38%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interests in joint arrangements

| Group holding  Suomen Yhteisverkko Oy  49%   |
|----------------------------------------------|

The	joint	arrangement	was	established	in	2014	and	is	classified	as	a	joint operation. The contractual arrangement establishes the parties' rights to the assets and obligations for liabilities, relating to the arrangement, and the parties'

rights to the corresponding revenues and obligations for the corresponding expenses. DNA recognised its share of 49 per cent (49) of assets, liabilities, revenues	and	expenses	in	its	consolidated	financial	statements.

## 17 Other investments

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Shares in non-listed companies  111  111  Total  111  111   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The	Group	has	chosen	a	method	under	which	the	fair	value	of	items	previously	classified as	available-for-sale	financial	assets	is	recognised	through	profit	and	loss	or	other comprehensive income, because these investments are considered to be long-term strategic investments that are not expected to be sold in the short or medium term.

Other investments consist of unquoted shares and are measured at cost, if fair value cannot be reliably estimated or the market is highly illiquid. Other investments are classified	as	Level	3.

## 18 Trade and other receivables

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Non­current receivables  Prepaid expenses  1)  85,944  75,917  Other non-current receivables  641  564  Total non­current receivables  86,584  76,482  Current receivables  Trade receivables  278,790  250,413  Other current receivables  2)  95,682  61,258  Contract assets  845  1,305  Tax receivable  9,939  10,280  Prepaid expenses  3)  21,845  23,840  Total current receivables  407,102  347,097   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Non-current prepaid expenses mainly consist of IFRS 15 accrued costs, EUR 84.3 million (74.9).

2) Most	significant	other	current	receivables	include	Telenor	group	cash	pool	receivables,	EUR	94.7	million	(60.0)	and other accrued items, EUR 1.0 million (1.3).

3) Current prepaid expenses mainly consist of prepaid production rental invoices, prepayments for IT-support and other prepaid trade payables amounting to EUR 12.1 million (17.5), and other prepayments amounting to EUR 9.7 million (5.1).

During 2022, the Group has recognised an impairment loss on trade receivables of EUR 3.5	million	(3.0).	Fair	value	of	receivables	corresponds	to	book	value	as	the	effect	of discounting is not material considering the maturity.

## Movements in the provision for impairment of trade receivables and contract assets are as follows:

| Contract assets  Trade receivables  EUR thousands  2022  2021  2022  2021  1 January  12  56  7,045  7,013  Change in loss  allowance recognised  in profit or loss during  the year  -5  -44  3,485  3,168  Receivables written  off during the year as  uncollectible  -  -  -2,527  -3,136  31 December  7  12  8,003  7,045   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19 Deferred tax assets and liabilities

## Breakdown of deferred taxes

EUR thousands

| Deferred tax assets 2022  1 Jan  Recognised  in the income statement  Recognised in other  comprehensive income  31 Dec  Provisions  1,555  -53  -106  1,396  Unused taxable depreciation  1,444  -586  -  858  Other temporary differences  4,000  859  -  4,859  Total  7,000  220  -106  7,113   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Deferred tax liabilities 2022  1 Jan  Recognised  in the income statement  Recognised in other  comprehensive income  31 Dec  Fair value of assets through business combinations  12,347  -1,103  -  11,245  Accelerated depreciation  20,998  6,390  -  27,388  Other temporary differences  19,321  1,863  -  21,184  Total  52,667  7,151  -  59,818   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Deferred tax assets 2021  1 Jan  Recognised  in the income statement  Recognised in other  comprehensive income  31 Dec  Provisions  2,712  -1,235  78  1,555  Unused taxable depreciation  1,302  142  -  1,444  Other temporary differences  3,603  397  -  4,000  Total  7,617  -695  78  7,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Deferred tax liabilities 2021  1 Jan  Recognised  in the income statement  Recognised in other  comprehensive income  31 Dec  Fair value of assets through business combinations  13,497  -1,150  -  12,347  Accelerated depreciation  11,709  9,289  -  20,998  Other temporary differences  18,938  383  -  19,321  Total  44,144  8,522  -  52,667   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20  Inventories

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Materials and supplies  45,256  38,217  Total  45,256  38,217   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the reporting period, an expense of EUR 173.3 million (153.2) was recognised in the income statement for materials and supplies. Impairments during the period were EUR 0.9 million (0.8).

## 21 Cash and cash equivalents

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Cash and cash equivalents  8,432  10,817  Total  8,432  10,817   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22  Equity

| Out­  standing  shares  thousands  Treasury  shares  thousands  Total number  of shares  thousands  Share  capital  EUR thousands  Reserve for  invested  unrestricted  equity  EUR thousands  1 Jan 2021  132,182  121  132,304  72,702  506,079  31 Dec 2021  132,182  121  132,304  72,702  506,079  31 Dec 2022  132,182  121  132,304  72,702  506,079   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DNA Plc has one class of shares. The total number of shares is 132,303,500 (132,303,500). The number of outstanding shares is 132,182,184 (132,182,184). On 31 December 2022, DNA Plc's share capital amounted to EUR 72,702,226. The shares do not have a nominal value, and all issued shares have been paid in full.

## Reserve for invested unrestricted equity

The reserve for invested unrestricted equity includes other equity type investments and the subscription price of shares insofar as it has not been expressly recognised in the share capital.

## Treasury shares

Treasury shares are presented separately in shareholders' equity. The treasury shares fund includes the acquisition costs of the company's treasury shares.

DNA holds a total of 121,316 treasury shares which represents 0.09 per cent of voting rights.

## Parent company DNA Plc's distributable funds as at 31 December 2022

| EUR thousands  31 Dec 2022  Treasury shares  -1,728  Retained earnings  96,780  Net result for the period  36,696  Total distributable funds  131,748   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Dividend distribution

| The Company has distributed dividends for the financial period  ending 31 December 2021:  EUR per share  1.52  Total, EUR thousands  200,917   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23  Share-based payments

## Long-term share incentive schemes for DNA senior executives and other key personnel

Telenor has a long-term share incentive scheme for top executives and critical experts, where	they	can	earn	a	cash	bonus	of	up	to	15-30	per	cent	of	annual	base	salary,	which will be used to purchase Telenor's shares. Remuneration is granted on the basis of the profit	development	of	the	two	years	preceding	the	payment	of	the	remuneration.

In addition, Telenor offers employees the opportunity to participate in the Employee Share Plan program, where employees are allowed to invest a certain portion of their annual salary in Telenor shares, and where they also have the opportunity to earn bonus shares based on Telenor share price performance.

There have been no share-based compensations during 2022.

## Share-based payments

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Expense recorded  1,058  1,304   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24  Employment benefit obligations

DNA Group's employee pensions are managed by external insurance companies. The	TyEL	pension	insurances	is	classified	as	a	defined	contribution	plan	and	are managed	by	the	pension	insurance	companies.	DNA	also	has	additional	defined	benefit plans	for	some	employees.	These	plans	are	based	on	the	final	salary,	and	the	persons covered	receive	a	supplementary	pension	at	the	defined	level.	The	size	of	the	benefit	at retirement is determined by factors such as years of service and compensation earned while in employment.

The	liability	recognised	in	the	balance	sheet	for	the	defined	benefit	plans	is	determined as follows:

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Funded defined benefit obligation  2,475  3,603  Fair value of plan assets  -1,493  -2,090  Deficit  982  1,513  Liability recognised in the balance sheet  982  1,513   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Present value  of obligation  Fair value  of plan assets  Total  1 Jan 2021  3,298  ­2,142  1,156  Current service cost  72  72  Interest cost/income (-)  13  -9  4  85  -9  76  Remeasurements recognised:  Return on plan assets, excluding interest  cost/income  62  62  Actuarial gain or loss arising from  changes in demographic assumptions  -4  -4  Gain or loss arising from changes in  financial assumptions  189  189  Experience adjustments  141  141  326  62  388  Contributions:  Contribution paid by employer  -99  -99  Benefits paid:  Benefits  -61  61  0  Settlements  -45  37  -8  31 Dec 2021  3,603  -2,090  1,513   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Present value  of obligation  Fair value  of plan assets  Total  1 Jan 2022  3,603  -2,090  1,513  Current service cost  69  69  Interest cost/income (-)  32  -19  13  101  -19  82  Remeasurements recognised:  Return on plan assets, excluding interest  cost/income  631  631  Gain or loss arising from changes in  financial assumptions  -856  -856  Experience adjustments  -307  -307  -1163  631  -532  Contributions:  Contribution paid by employer  -81  -81  Benefits paid:  Benefits  -66  66  0  31 Dec 2022  2,475  -1,493  982   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Significant	actuarial	assumptions:

| 2022  2021  Discount rate  3.20%  0.90%  Inflation  2.60%  2.00%  Salary growth rate  3.60%  3.20%  Benefit growth rate  2.84%  2.30%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Assumptions regarding future mortality are set based on actuarial advice in accordance with published statistics and experience. These assumptions translate into a weighted average life expectancy in years for a pensioner at the retirement age of 65 as follows:

| ## 2022  Men  Women  Plan participants retiring at the end of the financial year  21  25  Plan participants retiring 20 years after the end of the financial year  22  27   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## 2021  Men  Women  Plan participants retiring at the end of the financial year  21  25  Plan participants retiring 20 years after the end of the financial year  22  27   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The	sensitivity	of	the	defined	benefit	obligation	to	changes	in	the	weighted	principal assumptions:

| ## Impact on defined benefit obligation  2022  Change in assumption  Increase  Decrease  Discount rate  0.5%  -7.3%  8.2%  Salary growth rate  0.5%  1.1%  -1.1%  Pension growth rate  0.5%  6.9%  -6.2%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Addition of one year in

assumption

| ## Life expectancy  4.1%   |
|----------------------------|

## Impact on defined benefit obligation

| 2021  Change in assumption  Increase  Decrease  Discount rate  0.5%  -8.8%  10.0%  Salary growth rate  0.5%  1.6%  -1.6%  Pension growth rate  0.5%  8.1%  -7.2%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Addition of one year in assumption  Life expectancy  5.0%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

The above sensitivity analysis is based on a method where one actuarial assumption changes, but the others remain unchanged. In practice, this is unlikely, and some changes in assumptions may be correlated.

When	calculating	the	sensitivity	of	the	defined	benefit	obligation	to	significant	actuarial assumptions	the	same	method	(present	value	of	the	defined	benefit	obligation calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period) has been applied as when calculating the pension liability recognised within the statement of	financial	position.

The	Group	is	exposed	to	several	risks	in	relation	to	the	defined	benefit	plans,	the	most significant	of	which	are	described	below.

## Changes in the bond yields

According to the employer's IFRS reporting practice, the employer's obligations and liabilities depend on the bond yields on the reporting date. Decrease in yields increases liabilities	and	the	payment	obligation	of	pension	benefits	calculated	according	to	IAS 19. However, since the employer is not subject to an investment risk in relation to the assets covering the liabilities, an increase in the yield of bonds will also have an effect on reported assets.

## Inflation risk

The	benefits	paid	in	the	plan	are	tied	to	the	TyEL	index,	which	depends	on	inflation (80 per	cent)	and	a	general	salary	index	(20	per	cent).	High	inflation	increases	the	TyEL index, which in turn increases liabilities (IFRS) and annual contributions to the insurance company.

## Salary risk

If the salary of an employee increases by more than the general salary index, the size of benefit	will	increase,	which	in	turn	will	increase	the	benefit	obligation,	which	increases the risk of higher contributions payable by the employer.

## Life expectancy risk

As regards the life expectancy risk, the insurance company carries the risk related to actual life expectancy deviating from the expected life expectancy. Changes in life expectancy have an impact on the employer's obligations. The employer's risk in terms of changes in life expectancy only applies to future costs, whereas the insurance company	carries	the	risk	for	benefits	accrued	by	the	change	date.

Expected	contributions	to	the	post-employment	benefit	plan	in	2023	are	expected	to total EUR 102 thousand.

The	weighted	average	duration	of	the	defined	benefit	obligation	was	16	years (2021: 19 years, 2020: 19 years).

Undiscounted	pension	benefits	are	expected	to	mature	as	follows:

| Pension benefits  EUR thousands  2022  2021  2020  Less than 1 year  71  63  42  1-5 years  436  410  309  5-10 years  541  554  486  10-15 years  558  566  506  15-20 years  591  594  509  Over 20 years  2,137  2,094  1,670  Total  4,333  4,280  3,521   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25  Provisions

| EUR thousands  1 Jan  2022  Additions  Provisions  used  Reversals  31 Dec  2022  Asset retirement obligation  13,791  8  -  -2,648  11,151  Restructuring provision  396  196  -118  -112  362  Other provisions  208  34  -  -  243  Total  14,396  238  -118  -2,761  11,756   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  1 Jan  2021  Additions  Provisions  used  Reversals  31 Dec  2021  Asset retirement obligation  11,633  2,369  -210  -  13,791  Restructuring provision  200  196  -  -  396  Other provisions  208  -  -  -  208  Total  12,041  2,565  -210  ­  14,396   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  Non-current provisions  11,317  14,070  Current provisions  438  326  Total  11,756  14,396   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Asset retirement obligation

The asset retirement obligation provision comprises the estimated dismantling and demolition costs of data centres, masts and telephone poles. The asset retirement period for telephone poles is estimated at 10 years, and 40 years for data centres and masts. The realization of the dismantling and demolition costs does not involve any significant	uncertainties.

## 26  Borrowings

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Non­current borrowings  Bonds  247,080  245,794  Other loans  223,350  68,096  Lease liabilities  124,964  144,706  Total  595,395  458,597  Current borrowings  Lease liabilities  47,005  43,889  Total  47,005  43,889   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

DNA	has	a	long-term	credit	rating	BBB+	from	Standard	&amp;	Poor's	Global	Ratings	and CreditWatch positive. The increase in borrowings was due to payment of dividends.

## 27  Net debt

| EUR thousands  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  Non-current borrowings  595,395  458,597  Current borrowings  47,005  43,889  Total borrowings  642,400  502,486  Less cash and cash equivalents  8,432  10,817  Net debt  633,967  491,669   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Change in net debt  Reported in cash flows from financing activities  EUR thousands  Cash  Current  borrowings  Non­current  borrowings  Net debt  1 Jan 2021  7,633  108,018  519,091  619,476  Change in cash  3,184  -3,184  Proceeds from borrowings  -  95,000  95,000  Repayment of borrowings  -125,551  -140,000  -265,551  Other non-cash transactions  61,422  -15,495  45,928  31 Dec 2021  10,817  43,889  458,597  491,669  Change in cash  -2,385  2,385  Proceeds from borrowings  -6,899  259,654  252,755  Repayment of borrowings  -41,298  -110,000  -151,298  Other non-cash transactions  51,312  -12,856  38,457  31 Dec 2022  8,432  47,005  595,395  633,967   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28  Trade and other payables

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Current financial liabilities carried at amortised cost  Trade payables  116,985  120,569  Accrued expenses  1)  86,784  84,376  Advances received  23,718  22,834  Contract liabilities  3,369  2,886  Other current liabilities  64,677  56,617  Total current liabilities  295,533  287,281   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Accrued expenses comprise: holiday pay and bonuses including social expenses totaling EUR 24.4 million (23.8), interest expenses EUR 2.6 million (2.6), deferred income EUR 11.9 million (11.7), debt related to long-term incentive scheme EUR 0.3 million (0.4) as well as other accrued operative expenses EUR 47.5 million (45.6).

## 29  Fair value of borrowings

## Non-current borrowings

| 2022  2021  EUR thousands  Carrying  amount  Fair value  Carrying  amount  Fair value  Bonds  247 080  233 779  245 794  259 103  Other borrowings  223 350  220 248  68 096  68 393  Lease liabilities  124 964  124 964  144 706  144 706  Total  595 395  578 991  458 597  472 202   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Current borrowings

| 2022  2021  EUR thousands  Carrying  amount  Fair value  Carrying  amount  Fair value  Lease liabilities  47 005  47 005  43 889  43 889  Total  47 005  47 005  43 889  43 889   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair	value	of	borrowings	has	been	calculated	by	discounting	the	expected	cash	flow	of borrowings using the market interest rate at balance sheet date plus the company's risk premium. The market value of the bond is the average value of the year-end quoted prices from two banks.

## 30  Lease agreements

## Amounts recognized in the balance sheet

| ## Right-of-use assets  EUR thousands  Land  and water  Buildings and  constructions  Machinery and  equipment  Other  intangible assets  Total  31 Dec 2020  Cost  4,882  203,031  2,236  100,248  310,397  Accumulated depreciation  -670  -38,970  -1,120  -20,582  -61,342  Net book value  4,212  164,061  1,116  79,665  249,055  1-12/2021  Opening net book value  4,212  164,061  1,116  79,665  249,055  Additions and transfers  1,186  29,479  647  0  31,313  Disposals  -205  -2,838  -891  0  -3,934  Accumulated depreciation relating to disposals and transfers  205  2,838  891  0  3,934  Depreciation charge  -489  -40,420  -688  -6,217  -47,814  Closing net book value  4,909  153,121  1,076  73,449  232,554  31 Dec 2021  Cost  5,864  229,672  1,992  100,248  337,776  Accumulated depreciation  -955  -76,552  -917  -26,799  -105,222  Net book value  4,909  153,121  1,076  73,449  232,554  1-12/2022  Opening net book value  4,909  153,121  1,076  73,449  232,554  Additions and transfers  384  28,929  752  -  30,065  Disposals  -55  -1,481  -386  -  -1,922  Accumulated depreciation relating to disposals and transfers  55  1,481  386  -  1,922  Depreciation charge  -482  -40,276  -684  -6,217  -47,658  Closing net book value  4,811  141,774  1,144  67,232  214,961  31 Dec 2022  Cost  6,193  257,120  2,358  100,248  365,919  Accumulated depreciation  -1,381  -115,346  -1,215  -33,016  -150,958  Net book value  4,811  141,774  1,144  67,232  214,961   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average weighted discount rate on 31 December 2022 was 2.3 per cent (0.6). Deferred tax assets on 31 December 2022 were EUR 0.6 million (0.1).

## Lease liabilities

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Non-current  124,964  144,706  Current  47,005  43,889  Total  171,969  188,596   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Amounts recognized in the statement of profit and loss

Depreciation charge of right­of­use assets

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Land and water  482  489  Buildings and constructions  40,276  40,420  Machinery and equipmet  688  688  Other intangible assets  6,217  6,217  Total  47,662  47,814  Interest expense  EUR thousands  2022  2021  Total  2,059  905  Expense relating to short-term leases 1)  EUR thousands  2022  2021  Total  2,758  1,937   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Short-term lease agreements consist mainly of lease agreements for premises.

The commitment for the notice period is EUR 1.4 million (1.0).

## Investment property

DNA	has	a	fixed	term	lease	agreement	for	the	property	in	Mechelininkatu	until	the	end of 2025. Part of the premises are used by the group and part is sub-leased.

The	majority	of	the	lease	agreements	are	indefinite	with	a	6-month	notice	period. Additionally,	some	agreements	are	for	a	fixed	term	of	2-3	years.	Different	purposes	of use form separate asset groups.

DNA as lessee: The property's original valuation of the lease agreement is treated in the balance sheet as an operative lease agreement as per IFRS 16.

DNA as lessor: as per IFRS 16, the property's premises rented to third parties are valued at fair value on the basis of the lease agreements. The fair value of the investment property is EUR 3.0 million (1.3). During 2022, rental income amounted to EUR 2.6 million (2.8).

## 31 Guarantees and contingent liabilities

In addition, DNA's agreements with some of its main suppliers contain minimum order quantities (units) for the contract period. As DNA has discretion over which models to purchase over the contract period and the price per unit varies, DNA is unable to estimate the exact EUR amount for these commitments.

Lease commitments relating to lease agreements are presented in note 30.

## 32  Related party transactions

DNA's	related	parties	include	the	main	shareholders	which	have	significant	influence over the group, subsidiaries, associated companies, joint arrangements and members of the Board of Directors and the management team, including the CEO and the deputy CEO as well as their close family members. In addition, related parties include all entities controlled	or	jointly	controlled	by	a	person	identified	as	related	party.

## Subsidiaries and ownerships

| Company  Country  Share of  ownership  Share  of votes  DNA Kauppa Oy  Finland  100%  100%  DNA Welho Oy  Finland  100%  100%  European Mobile Operator Oy  Finland  100%  100%  Moi Mobiili Oy  Finland  100%  100%  DNA Tower Finland Oy  Finland  100%  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A list of associated companies and joint operations is presented in note 16.

## The following related party transactions were carried out

| EUR thousands  Organisations exercising  significant influence  Associated companies  1-12/2022  1-12/2021  1-12/2022  1-12/2021  Sales  4,215  3,397  -  -  Purchases  18,008  8,665  487  458  Dividend distribution  200,917  -  -  -  Group contribution  33,600  6,899  -  -  Receivables  86,311  28,291  -  -  Liabilities  258,357  72,211  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Key management compensation

Company's key management comprises the Board of Directors and the Executive team.

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Salaries and other short-term employee benefits  3,162  3,012  Pension expenses - defined contribution plan and  defined benefit plan  844  802  Share-based payments  761  553  Total  4,767  4,367   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  CEO Jussi Tolvanen's salary and commissions  Salary and commissions  364  189  Accrued pension expenses  16  16  Share-Based Compensation Plan (gross)  76  -  Total  456  205   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CEO Jukka Leinonen's salary and commissions (until 10 Oct 2021)

| Salary and commissions  -  767  Accrued pension expenses  -  42  Share-Based Compensation Plan (gross)  -  319  Total  ­  1,128   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Members and deputy members of the Board of Directors  Kirsi Sormunen  -  17  Tero Ojanperä  -  17  Total  ­  34   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Those Board members who are non-independent of Telenor group, forgo their entitlement for the reward.

There were no loans given to the board members or the CEO.

## Management's and CEOs' pension commitments

Members	of	the	Group	management	are	entitled	to	defined	benefit	pension	at	the	age of 62 and the CEO and deputy CEO of the parent company at the age of 60. They have supplementary	defined	contribution	plans.

## Parent company income statement, FAS

| EUR thousands  Note  1 Jan-31 Dec  2022  1 Jan-31 Dec  2022  Total revenues  1  839,167  812,858  Other operating income  9,541  10,039  Materials and services  Purchases  -180,343  -156,289  Change in inventory  7,038  4,493  External services  -195,828  -198,161  Total materials and services  -369,132  -349,957  Employee expenses  Salaries and commissions  -79,108  -79,736  Social expenses  Pensions  -13,345  -14,285  Other social expenses  -2,701  -3,570  Total employee expenses  -95,154  -97,591  Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  2  Depreciation and amortisation  according to plan  -136,090  -138,416  Total depreciation, amortisation  and impairment  -136,090  -138,416  Other operating expenses  3  -184,105  -146,089  Operating result  64,227  90,844   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  Note  1 Jan-31 Dec  2022  1 Jan-31 Dec  2022  Finance income and expense  4  Income from other investments  36  36  Other interest and financial income  815  481  Interest and other financial expenses  -7,478  -5,953  Total finance income and expense  -6,627  -5,436  Result before appropriations and tax  57,600  85,409  Appropriations  5  Change in depreciation difference  -20,126  -29,488  Group contribution  10,068  -12,399  Total appropriations  -10,058  -41,886  Income tax expense  6  -10,845  -10,193  Net result for the period  36,696  33,330   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Parent company balance sheet, FAS

| EUR thousands  Note  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  ASSETS  Non­current assets  Intangible assets  7  Intangible rights  59,244  65,659  Goodwill  79,376  85,935  Other capitalised expenditure  50,978  50,309  Prepayments and non-current assets  under construction  5,722  6,644  Total intangible assets  195,320  208,547  Property, plant and equipment  7  Land and water  439  439  Buildings and constructions  12,238  13,238  Machinery and equipment  271,864  287,391  Advances paid and construction in progress  22,006  29,743  Total tangible assets  306,547  330,811  Investments  8  Holdings in Group companies  101,512  101,512  Shares in associated companies  3,982  3,982  Other shares and holdings  1,095  1,095  Total investments  106,589  106,589  Total non­current assets  608,456  645,946   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  Note  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  Current assets  Inventory  Materials and supplies  45,256  38,217  Total inventory  45,256  38,217  Non-current receivables  Trade receivables  51,420  44,006  Receivables from Group companies  9  6,000  6,000  Other receivables  6,396  7,270  Deferred tax asset  10  1,217  1,251  Total non­current receivables  65,032  58,528  Current receivables  Trade receivables  193,627  178,755  Receivables from Group companies  9  68,429  43,322  Other receivables  1,008  1,196  Prepaid expenses  11  27,098  30,307  Total current receivables  290,161  253,580  Financial securities  Other financial securities  235  91  Total financial securities  235  91  Cash and cash equivalents  753  2,454  Total current assets  401,436  352,870  Total assets  1,009,892  998,816   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  Note  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  12  Share capital  72,702  72,702  Treasury shares  -1,728  -1,728  Retained earnings  96,780  264,367  Result for the period  36,696  33,330  Total equity  204,450  368,671  Appropriations  Depreciation difference  90,679  70,553  Total appropriations  90,679  70,553  Provisions  13  3,962  4,932   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  Note  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  Liabilities  Non-current liabilities  14  Borrowings  250,000  250,000  Advances received  189  214  Intercompany borrowings  208,249  45,096  Other non-current liabilities  12,948  18,715  Deferred tax liability  10  404  585  Total non­current liabilities  471,789  314,610  Current liabilities  Advances received  3,877  3,045  Trade payables  84,717  93,140  Liabilities to Group companies  15  62,965  59,903  Other current liabilities  17,048  14,286  Accrued expenses  16  70,406  69,677  Total current liabilities  239,011  240,050  Total liabilities  710,801  554,660  Total equity and liabilities  1,009,892  998,816   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Parent company cash flow statement, FAS

| EUR thousands  1 Jan-31 Dec  2022  1 Jan-31 Dec  2021  Cash flows from operating activities  Net result for the period  36,696  33,330  Adjustments  1)  129,427  188,744  Change in net working capital  2)  11,349  13,591  Interest paid  -4,390  -5,183  Interest received  293  177  Dividends received  36  36  Other financial items  -593  -969  Income taxes paid  -7,294  -15,451  Net cash generated from operating activities  165,524  214,275  Cash flows from investments  Investments in property, plant and equipment (PPE)  and intangible assets  -109,576  -131,322  Proceeds from sale of PPE  348  580  Other investments  -143  -91  Short-term investments increase (-) / decrease (+)  -554  28,820  Net cash used in investing activities  -109,925  -102,013  Cash flows from financing activities  Dividend distribution  -200,917  -  Proceeds from borrowings  266,224  95,000  Repayment of borrowings  -110,193  -205,053  Group contributions received  -12,399  3,871  Net cash used in financing activities  -57,285  -106,182   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  1 Jan-31 Dec  2022  1 Jan-31 Dec  2021  Change in cash and cash equivalents  -1,686  6,080  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  2,672  3,593  Cash and cash equivalents transferred  in a business transfer  -  -7,000  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  986  2,672  1)  Adjustments:  Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  136,090  138,416  Gains and losses on disposals of non-current assets  160  -429  Other non-cash income and expense  -23,324  34,987  Finance income and expense  6,627  5,436  Income tax expense  10,845  10,193  Change in provisions  -971  141  Total adjustments  129,427  188,744  2)  Change in net working capital:  Change in trade and other receivables  -20,712  -6,650  Change in inventories  -7,038  -4,493  Change in trade and other payables  39,099  24,735  Total change in net working capital  11,349  13,591   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Parent company accounting principles, FAS

## Information regarding the Group

The company is a part of the DNA Group. DNA Plc is the parent company of the DNA Group, domiciled in Helsinki.

Copies of the Consolidated Financial Statements are available	online	at	www.dna.fi	or	at	the	Group	parent company	head	office	at	Läkkisepäntie	21,	00620	Helsinki, Finland.

DNA Group is a part of the Telenor Group. DNA Plc is owned by Telenor Finland Holding Oy. Telenor ASA is the parent company of the Telenor Group. Copies of Telenor Group's Consolidated Financial Statements are available at	Telenor	head	office	at	Snarøyveien	30,	N-1360 Fornebu, Norway.

## Valuation principles

## Fixed assets

Intangible assets and property, plant and equipment are shown on the balance sheet as acquisition costs, less planned depreciation. Planned depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the useful life of an asset.

The depreciation/amortisation periods are:

| Intangible rights  1-20 years  Goodwill  4-20 years  Other intangible assets  3-10 years  Buildings  25 years  Constructions  10-25 years  Machinery and equipment  3-15 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The depreciation period of the merger loss capitalised in the balance sheet is 20 years, based on management's view	that	the	merger	will	generate	economic	benefits	for a minimum of 20 years.

The company has made full increased depreciation for tax purposes in accordance with the Tax Relief Act in 2022.

## Inventory valuation

Inventories are stated at the lower of acquisition cost or replacement cost or likely realisable value.

## Financial assets

The	company	applies	the	valuation	of	financial	assets under 5:2§ of the Accounting Act.

## Research and development

Development expenditure is recognised as annual costs for the year in which it is incurred. Development expenditure expected to generate future economic benefits	are	capitalised	under	intangible	assets	and amortised over three years.

## Pensions

The company's employee pensions are managed by an external insurance company. Pension contributions and	other	costs	for	the	financial	period	are	based	on the actuary calculations. Expenditure on pensions is recognised as an expense for the year in which it is incurred.

## Deferred tax

Deferred tax has been determined for temporary differences between tax bases of assets and their amounts	in	financial	reporting,	using	the	tax	rates effective	for	future	years	confirmed	on	the	balance	sheet date. The balance sheet includes deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability at their estimated realisable amounts. The deferred tax asset comprises provisions, deferred depreciation and other temporary differences and the deferred tax liability comprises other temporary differences.

## Comparability with prior period

Prior	period	figures	are	comparable	with	the	financial period 2022.

## Foreign currency translations

Items denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the Bank of Norway reference rates.

## Group financing

The company is a part of Telenor group cash pool account system.

## Parent company income statement notes, FAS

## 1 Total revenues

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Total revenues  839,167  812,858  Domestic  814,774  790,756  Foreign  24,393  22,102  Total  839,167  812,858  During the financial period,  parent company employed personnel on average  1,389  1,361   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2 Depreciation and amortisation

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Amortisation of intangible assets  50,808  49,498  Depreciation of tangible assets  85,282  88,918  Total  136,090  138,416  Total depreciation and amortisation  136,090  138,416   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3 Other operating expenses

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Operating and maintenance costs  70,178  56,184  Rental costs  78,548  62,102  External services  9,911  5,190  Other cost items  25,468  22,613  Total  184,105  146,089  Auditor's fees  Ernst	&amp;	Young	Oy  Audit fees  151  329  Tax consulting  25  21  Other fees  142  99  Total  318  449   |
|---|

## 4 Finance income and expense

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Income from other non-current investments  Dividends from associated companies  4  4  Dividends from others  32  32  Total  36  36  Other interest and finance income  Interest income from group companies  315  304  Interest income from others  283  177  Finance income from others  217  -  Total  815  481  Other interest and finance expense  Interest expense to group companies  2,264  -  Interest expense to others  3,455  3,803  Other finance expense  1,759  2,150  Total  7,478  5,953  Total finance income and expense  -6,627  -5,436   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5 Appropriations

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Change in depreciation difference  -20,126  -29,488  Group contribution received  49,579  2,813  Group contribution given  -39,511  -15,212  Total  -10,058  -41,886   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 Income tax

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Direct taxes  11,007  10,427  Income tax from previous periods  -15  -1,372  Change in deferred tax asset  35  1,318  Change in deferred tax liability  -181  -181  Total  10,845  10,193   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Parent company balance sheet notes, FAS

## 7 Non-current assets

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Development costs  Acquisition cost 1 January  3,828  3,828  Disposals  -3,828  -  Acquisition cost 31 December  0  3,828  Accumulated amortisation 1 January  3,828  3,828  Accumulated amortisation relating to disposals  -3,828  -  Accumulated amortisation 31 December  -  3,828  Net book value 31 December  0  0  Intangible rights  Acquisition cost 1 January  308,338  304,338  Transfers  3,278  4,000  Acquisition cost 31 December  311,616  308,338  Accumulated amortisation 1 January  242,679  232,363  Amortisation for the financial period  9,693  10,316  Accumulated amortisation 31 December  252,373  242,679  Net book value 31 December  59,244  65,659  Goodwill  Acquisition cost 1 January  153,795  153,795  Acquisition cost 31 December  153,795  153,795  Accumulated amortisation 1 January  67,860  61,301  Amortisation for the financial period  6,559  6,559  Accumulated amortisation 31 December  74,419  67,860  Net book value 31 December  79,376  85,935   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Other non­current intangible assets  Acquisition cost 1 January  327,052  290,171  Transfers  35,225  36,903  Disposals  -28,400  -22  Acquisition cost 31 December  333,876  327,052  Accumulated amortisation 1 January  276,743  244,142  Amortisation for the financial period  34,556  32,623  Accumulated amortisation relating to disposals  -28,400  -22  Accumulated amortisation 31 December  282,898  276,743  Net book value 31 December  50,978  50,309  Prepayments and non­current assets  under construction  Acquisition cost 1 January  6,644  6,812  Additions  37,581  40,735  Transfers  -38,503  -40,903  Acquisition cost 31 December  5,722  6,644  Total intangible assets  195,320  208,547   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Land and water  Acquisition cost 1 January  439  713  Deductions due to business transfer  -  -256  Disposals  -  -18  Net book value 31 December  439  439  Buildings and constructions  Acquisition cost 1 January  26,654  52,151  Additions  33  2,056  Transfers  2,804  3,641  Deductions due to business transfer  -  -30,924  Disposals  -1,981  -271  Acquisition cost 31 December  27,510  26,654  Accumulated depreciation 1 January  13,416  19,429  Depreciation for the financial period  1,856  2,827  Accumulated depreciation on deductions due  to business transfer  -  -8,585  Accumulated depreciations on disposals  -  -256  Accumulated depreciation 31 December  15,272  13,416  Net book value 31 December  12,238  13,238   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Machinery and equipment  Acquisition cost 1 January  1,490,293  1,416,637  Additions  505  -  Transfers  68,598  88,830  Deductions due to business transfer  -  -14,462  Disposals  -8,098  -713  Acquisition cost 31 December  1,551,298  1,490,293  Accumulated depreciation 1 January  1,202,902  1,125,611  Depreciation for the financial period  83,426  86,090  Accumulated depreciation on deductions due  to business transfer  -  -8,205  Accumulated depreciations on disposals  -6,894  -594  Accumulated depreciation 31 December  1,279,434  1,202,902  Net book value 31 December  271,864  287,391  Prepayments and non­current assets  under construction  Acquisition cost 1 January  29,743  40,055  Additions  63,666  83,034  Deductions due to business transfer  -  -874  Disposals  -71,402  -92,472  Acquisition cost 31 December  22,006  29,743  Total property, plant and equipment  306,547  330,811   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 Investments

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Holdings in Group companies  Net book value 1 January  101,512  98,338  Additions  -  3,174  Net book value 31 December  101,512  101,512  Shares in associated companies  Net book value 1 January  3,982  3,982  Net book value 31 December  3,982  3,982  Other shares and holdings  Net book value 1 January  1,095  1,098  Disposals  -  -3  Net book value 31 December  1,095  1,095  Parent company ownerships:  Holdings in Group companies  DNA Kauppa Oy  100%  100%  DNA Welho Oy  100%  100%  European Mobile Operator Oy  100%  100%  DNA Tower Oy  100%  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All	group	companies	are	included	in	the	parent	company	consolidated	financial statements.

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Interests in joint arrangements  Suomen Yhteisverkko Oy  49%  49%  Shares in associated companies  Suomen Numerot Numpac Oy  33.33%  33.33%  Kiinteistö Oy Otavankatu 3  36%  36%  Kiinteistö Oy Siilinjärven Toritie  38%  38%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Suomen	Numerot	Numpac	Oy	is	included	in	the	parent	company	consolidated	financial statements.

## 9 Receivables from group companies

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Long-term loan receivables  6,000  6,000  Trade receivables  15,437  16,091  Prepaid expenses  3,413  2,030  Group account receivables  0  22,389  Group contribution receivables  49,579  2,813  Total  74,429  49,322   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The company has issued a subordinated loan of EUR 6,000,000.00 under Chapter 12 of the Companies Act (624/2006) to Moi Mobiili Oy. The loan is recorded as a long-term debt in the receiving company and in DNA Plc it is recorded as a long-term receivable from group companies.

The maturity date of the loan is 20 March 2025. The annual interest rate is 5 per cent.

Repayment of the loan is subordinate to other debts and obligations in bankruptcy and liquidation. Otherwise, repayment of capital and payment of interest may be effected only to the extent that the amount of the company's unrestricted equity and all capital loans at the time of payment exceeds the amount of the loss recognized in the balance sheet	for	the	latest	financial	year.	If	the	interest	payable	on	the	subordinated	loan	cannot be	paid,	the	interest	shall	be	transferred	to	the	first	financial	statement	on	the	basis	of which it can be paid. No capital or interest shall be secured.

## 10 Deferred tax asset and liability

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Deferred tax asset  Deferred tax asset from provisions  484  542  Deferred tax asset from deferred depreciation  28  29  Deferred tax asset from temporary differences  705  680  Total  1,217  1,251  Deferred tax liability  Deferred tax liability from loss on sale of bond  404  585  Total  404  585   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11 Prepaid expenses

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Trade payables  10,457  12,112  Other receivables  10,059  7,915  Tax receivables  6,582  10,280  Total  27,098  30,307  Unrecognised costs  Of the bond issue costs:  remainder of the capitalised non-current deferred  receivables  364  628  remainder of the capitalised current deferred receivables  264  264   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Equity

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Share capital 1 January  72,702  72,702  Share capital 31 December  72,702  72,702  Treasury shares 1 January  -1,728  -1,728  Treasury shares 31 December  -1,728  -1,728  Retained earnings 1 January  297,697  264,367  Dividend distribution  -200,917  -  Retained earnings 31 December  96,780  264,367  Net result for the period  36,696  33,330  Total equity  204,450  368,671  Distributable funds  Retained earnings  96,780  264,367  Net result for the period  36,696  33,330  Treasury shares  -1,728  -1,728  Total distributable funds  131,748  295,969   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13 Provisions

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Estimated decommissioning costs of data centres and  masts  2,543  2,844  Onerous contracts  1)  815  1,485  Pension provision  166  276  Restructuring provision  196  118  Other provisions  243  208  Total provisions  3,962  4,932   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) The provision covers the under-utilised premises for the full agreement term until 2025.

## 14 Non-current liabilities

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Bonds  250,000  250,000  Loans from other group companies  208,249  45,096  Other long-term liabilities  12,948  18,715  Accrued expenses  189  214  Deferred tax liability  404  585  Total non­current liabilities  471,789  314,610   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15 Liabilities to group companies

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Trade payables  5,262  2,554  Accrued expenses  8,711  9,521  Group account payables  9,480  32,616  Group contribution payables  39,511  15,212  Total liabilities to Group companies  62,965  59,903   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16 Accrued expenses

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Holiday pay and bonuses  20,951  20,677  Interest expenses  2,637  2,637  Sales accruals  11,843  11,634  Other accruals  34,975  34,728  Total accrued expenses  70,406  69,677   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 Pledged assets and contingent liabilities

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Pledged assets  Other obligations on behalf of Group companies  Bank guarantees  1,580  1,416  Contingent liabilities and other liabilities  Finance lease payments  Payments due during the next financial period  471  399  Payments due at a later date  419  252  Total finance lease payments  890  651   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Leasing contracts are made for three-year periods.

| Other contractual obligations  Leasehold commitments  1)  73,619  76,144   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Includes EUR 814 919 (1 485 140) for the non-voidable lease agreement reported under the provision for onerous contracts.

In addition, DNA's agreements with some of its main suppliers contain minimum order quantities (units) for the contract period. As DNA has discretion over which units to purchase over the contract period and the price per unit varies, DNA is unable to estimate the exact EUR amount for these commitments.

## 18 Related party transactions

## Related party trade

DNA's	related	parties	include	the	main	shareholders	which	have	significant	influence over the group, subsidiaries, associated companies, joint arrangements and members of the Board of Directors and the management team, including the CEO and the deputy CEO as well as their close family members. In addition, related parties include all entities controlled	or	jointly	controlled	by	a	person	identified	as	related	party.	The	company acquires products sold to external parties from its related parties. Related party transactions are with same terms than transactions carried out with independent parties.

## Key management compensation

| EUR thousands  2022  2021  Remuneration of CEO Jussi Tolvanen  (1 Jan-31 Dec 2022 and 11 Oct-31 Dec 2021)  Wages and salaries  364  189  Share-based incentive scheme (gross)  108  -  Total  472  189  Remuneration of CEO Jukka Leinonen  (1 Jan-10 Oct 2021)  Wages and salaries  -  767  Share-based incentive scheme (gross)  -  319  Total  ­  1,086  Members and deputy members of the Board of Directors  Kirsi Sormunen  -  17  Tero Ojanperä  -  17  Total  ­  34   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Those Board members who are non-independent of Telenor group forgo their entitlement for the reward.

No loans have been granted to the Members of the Board of Directors or the CEO.

Members of the Executive team and the CEO and deputy CEO of the parent company are	entitled	to	defined	benefit	pension	at	the	age	of	62.

They	have	supplementary	defined	contribution	plans.

## Signatures of the board of directors' report and financial statements

## Auditors' note

Helsinki 17 February 2023

Petter-Børre Furberg

Cecilie Heuch

Chair of the Board of Directors

Member of the Board of Directors

Thomas Thyholdt

Jussi Tolvanen

Member of the Board of Directors

CEO

An auditors' report has been issued today on the performed audit.

Helsinki 17 February 2023

Ernst	&amp;	Young	Oy

Authorized Public Accountants

Terhi Mäkinen

Authorized Public Accountant

## Auditors' Report

(Translation of the Finnish original)

To the Annual General Meeting of DNA Plc

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Opinion

We	have	audited	the	financial	statements	of	DNA	Plc (business identity code 0592509-6) for the year ended 31	December,	2022.	The	financial	statements	comprise the consolidated balance sheet, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes	in	equity,	statement	of	cash	flows	and	notes, including	a	summary	of	significant	accounting	policies, as well as the parent company's balance sheet, income statement,	statement	of	cash	flows	and	notes.

In our opinion

- the	consolidated	financial	statements	give	a	true and	fair	view	of	the	group's	financial	position	as	well as	its	financial	performance	and	its	cash	flows	in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU.
- the	financial	statements	give	a	true	and	fair	view	of the	parent	company's	financial	performance	and financial	position	in	accordance	with	the	laws	and regulations	governing	the	preparation	of	financial statements in Finland and comply with statutory requirements.

Our opinion is consistent with the additional report submitted to the Board of Directors.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland. Our responsibilities under good auditing practice are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report.

We are independent of the parent company and of the group companies in accordance with the ethical requirements that are applicable in Finland and are relevant	to	our	audit,	and	we	have	fulfilled	our	other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

In our best knowledge and understanding, the non-audit services that we have provided to the parent company and group companies are in compliance with laws and regulations applicable in Finland regarding these services, and we have not provided any prohibited non-audit services referred to in Article 5(1) of regulation (EU) 537/2014. The non-audit services that we have provided have been disclosed in note 7 to the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	note	3	to	the parent	company	financial	statements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for	our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional	judgment,	were	of	most	significance	in our	audit	of	the	financial	statements	of	the	current period. These matters were addressed in the context of	our	audit	of	the	financial	statements	as	a	whole,	and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate	opinion	on	these	matters.

We	have	fulfilled	the	responsibilities	described	in	the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of	the	financial	statements.	The	results	of	our	audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our	audit	opinion	on	the	accompanying	financial statements.

We have also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls. This includes consideration of whether there was evidence of management bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

## Key Audit Matter

## Revenue Recognition

We refer to the Group's accounting policies and the note 5

DNA Group delivers goods and services which can be sold separately or bundled. There is an inherent risk around the accuracy of revenue recognized given the complexity of IT systems, high volume of customer contracts and transactions, and changing business and pricing models (tariff structures, incentive arrangements, discounts etc.). The application of revenue recognition accounting standards is complex and revenue recognition involves a number of key judgements and estimates.

Revenue	recognition	was	determined	to	be	a	key	audit	matter	and	a	significant	risk	of material misstatement referred to in EU Regulation No 537/2014, point (c) of Article 10(2) due	to	the	identified	risk	of	material	misstatement	in	revenue	recognition.

## Valuation of Goodwill

We refer to the Group's accounting policies and the note 15

At the balance sheet date 31 December 2022, the value of goodwill amounted to EUR 339	million	representing	20	%	of	total	assets	and	51	%	of	total	equity (2021: EUR 339 million, 21 % of total assets and 44 % of total equity). The valuation of goodwill was a key audit matter as:

-  the management's annual impairment test is complex and involves judgments
-  the annual impairment test is based on market and economical assumptions
- the	goodwill	balance	is	significant.

The	cash	flows	of	the	cash	generating	unit	are	based	on	the	value	in	use.	Changes	in	the assumptions	used	can	significantly	impact	the	value	in	use.	The	value	in	use	is	dependent on several assumptions such as the growth in net sales, development in EBITDA, discount rate and the long term growth rate used. Changes in these assumptions can lead to an impairment.

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Our	audit	procedures,	addressing	the	significant	risk	of	material	misstatement related to revenue recognition, included amongst other:

-  assessing the application of group's accounting policies over revenue recognition and comparing the group's accounting policies over revenue recognition with applicable accounting standards;
-  testing the IT general controls and application controls over the main IT systems and applications that bill material revenue streams;
-  testing the revenue recognized including testing of group's controls on revenue recognition, when applicable. Our testing included among other tracing the information to agreements and testing cash receipts for a sample of customers back to the customer invoice on a sample basis;
-  testing the end-to-end reconciliation from billing system to accounting system;
-  testing the accruals for deferred and unbilled revenue;
-  assessing the revenue recognized with substantive analytical procedures and
-  assessing the group's disclosures on revenue recognition.

Our audit procedures included, among others, involving valuation internal specialists to assist us in evaluating the assumptions and methodologies used by the group including those related to forecasted net sales, EBITDA, the weighted average cost of capital and long term growth rate used in discounting	the	cash	flows.

We reviewed the sensitivity in the available headroom by cash generating unit and focused on whether any reasonably possible change in assumptions could cause the carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.

We compared the historical forecasting of the group with actual outcome and we compared projections to the latest budgets approved by the board. We checked the mathematical accuracy of the underlying calculations.

We compared the groups' disclosures related to impairment tests in note 15	in	the	financial	statements	with	presentation	requirements	in	applicable accounting standards and we reviewed the information provided on sensitivity analysis.

## Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements

The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible	for	the	preparation	of	consolidated	financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as	adopted	by	the	EU,	and	of	financial	statements	that give a true and fair view in accordance with the laws and	regulations	governing	the	preparation	of	financial statements in Finland and comply with statutory requirements. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of	financial	statements	that	are	free	from	material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In	preparing	the	financial	statements,	the	Board	of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for assessing the parent company's and the group's ability to continue as going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting.	The	financial statements are prepared using the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the parent company or the group or cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance on whether	the	financial	statements	as	a	whole	are	free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with good auditing practice will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they	could	reasonably	be	expected	to	influence	the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial	statements.

A part of an audit in accordance with good auditing practice, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

-  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of	the	financial	statements,	whether	due	to	fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that	is	sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
-  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the parent company's or the group's internal control.
-  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
-  Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors' and the Managing Director's use of the going concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that

may	cast	significant	doubt	on	the	parent	company's or the group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to	the	related	disclosures	in	the	financial	statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the parent company or the group to cease to continue as a going concern.

-  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content	of	the	financial	statements,	including	the disclosures,	and	whether	the	financial	statements represent the underlying transactions and events so that	the	financial	statements	give	a	true	and	fair	view.
- Obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence regarding	the	financial	information	of	the	entities	or business activities within the group to express an opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and	timing	of	the	audit	and	significant	audit	findings, including	any	significant	deficiencies	in	internal	control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were	of	most	significance	in	the	audit	of	the	financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be	expected	to	outweigh	the	public	interest	benefits	of such communication.

## Other Reporting Requirements

## Information on our audit engagement

We	were	first	appointed	as	auditors	by	the	Annual General Meeting on 28 March 2019, and our appointment represents a total period of uninterrupted engagement of 4 years.

## Other information

The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the report of the Board of Directors and the information included in the Annual Report,	but	does	not	include	the	financial	statements and our auditor's report thereon. We have obtained the report of the Board of Directors prior to the date of this auditor's report, and the Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our	opinion	on	the	financial	statements	does	not	cover the other information.

In	connection	with	our	audit	of	the	financial	statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified	above	and,	in	doing	so,	consider	whether	the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial	statements	or	our	knowledge	obtained	in	the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. With respect to report of the Board of Directors, our responsibility also includes considering whether the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.

In our opinion, the information in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the information in the	financial	statements	and	the	report	of	the	Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Helsinki 17.2.2023

Ernst	&amp;	Young	Oy

Authorized Public Accountant Firm

Terhi Mäkinen Authorized Public Accountant

## Independent Auditor's Report on DNA Oyj's ESEF Consolidated Financial Statements

(Translation of the Finnish original)

## To the Board of Directors of DNA Oyj

We have performed a reasonable assurance engagement on the iXBRL tagging of the consolidated financial	statements	included	in	the	digital	files DNAOYJ-2022-12-31-fi.zip	of	DNA	Oyj	for	the financial	year	1.1.-31.12.2022	to	ensure	that	the financial	statements	are	marked/tagged	with	iXBRL in accordance with the requirements of Article 4 of EU Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/815 (ESEF RTS).

## Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and Managing Director

The Board of Directors and Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of the Report of Board of	Directors	and	financial	statements	(ESEF	financial statements) that comply with the ESESF RTS. This responsibility includes:

- preparation	of	ESEF-financial	statements	in accordance with Article 3 of ESEF RTS
- tagging	the	consolidated	financial	statements included	within	the	ESEF-	financial	statements	by using the iXBRL mark ups in accordance with Article 4 of ESEF RTS
- ensuring	consistency	between	ESEF	financial statements	and	audited	financial	statements

The Board of Directors and Managing Director are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is	necessary	to	enable	the	preparation	of	ESEF	financial statements in accordance with the requirements of ESEF RTS.

## Auditor's Independence and Quality Control

We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are applicable in Finland and are relevant to the engagement we have performed, and	we	have	fulfilled	our	other	ethical	responsibilities	in accordance with these requirements.

The auditor applies International Standard on Quality Control (ISQC) 1 and therefore maintains a comprehensive quality control system including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

## Auditor's Responsibilities

In accordance with the Engagement Letter we will express an opinion on whether the electronic tagging of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	complies	in	all material respects with the Article 4 of ESEF RTS. We have conducted a reasonable assurance engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000.

The engagement includes procedures to obtain evidence on:

- whether	the	tagging	of	the	primary	financial	statements in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	complies	in	all material respects with Article 4 of the ESEF RTS
- whether	the	tagging	of	the	notes	to	the	financial statements	and	the	entity	identifier	information	in the	consolidated	financial	statements	complies	in	all material respects with Article 4 of the ESEF RTS
- whether	the	ESEF-financial	statements	are consistent with	the	audited	financial	statements

The nature, timing and extent of the procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgement including the assessment of risk of material departures from requirements sets out in the ESEF RTS, whether due to fraud or error.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient	and	appropriate	to	provide	a	basis	for	our statement.

## Opinion

In	our	opinion	the	tagging	of	the	consolidated	financial statement	included	in	the	ESEF	financial	statement	of DNA Oyj for the year ended 31.12.2022 complies in all material respects with the requirements of ESEF RTS.

Our	audit	opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial statements of DNA Oyj for the year ended 31.12.2022 is included in our Independent Auditor's Report dated 17.2.2023. In this report, we do not express an audit opinion any other assurance on the consolidated financial	statements.

Helsinki 3.3.2023

Ernst	&amp;	Young	Oy Authorized Public Accountant Firm

Terhi Mäkinen Authorized Public Accountant

<!-- image -->

DNA Plc | Läkkisepäntie 21, FI-00620 Helsinki | dna.fi