Annual Report 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Contents

| Letter to Shareholders  4-5  Economic Review  6-7  Portfolio Investments  8-9  Directors and Chief Executive Officer  10-13  Board of Directors  12  Chief Executive Officer  13  Corporate Governance Report  14-21  Risk Factors  22-45  Financial Statements  46-123  Report from External Real Estate Valuer: Petrovsky Fort  48  Independent Auditor's Report  50-53  Net Asset Value and Attributable Net Asset Value  54-55  Consolidated Financial Statements  56-112  Independent Auditor's Report  114-116  Parent Company Financial Statements  117-123  Compensation Report  124-129  Report of the statutory auditor on the remuneration report  128-129  Investment Guidelines  130-133  Shareholder Information and Corporate Details  134   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Letter to Shareholders

## Dear shareholders,

For the year ended 31 December 2022, ENR Russia  Invest  SA  and  its  subsidiaries  produced  a consolidated  net  profit  of  CHF  0.18  million (2021:  consolidated  net  profit  of  CHF  3.34 million).

During 2022 our profitability was impacted by ruble strength or weakness. In early 2022, the ruble  depreciated  sharply  against  the  Swiss Franc on the back of events in Ukraine. After Central Bank of Russia ('CBR') intervention, stability  returned.  The  ruble  then  strengthened strongly against major currencies for most of the  year  due  to  rising  export  revenues,  ruble based gas payments by customers and falling Russian  imports  (at  half-year  2022,  ruble strength resulted in an uplift in profits at that time). The ruble remained strong until December 2022, but then depreciated sharply against major currencies during the last few weeks of the year.  Year-on-year,  it  appreciated  by  3.72% against the Swiss Franc.

Our flower production facility is the largest Russian  domestic  flower  producer  and  benefits from its locally produced flowers to substitute imported flowers. The flowers are high-quality and last longer compared to imported flowers and the business provides regular and reliable supply to customers. Greenhouses are at full capacity utilisation with 25.1 hectares in productive use. 15 hectares are planted with more than 40 rose varieties; 2 hectares are planted with more than 20 germini and gerbera varieties; 5

hectares are used for a large annual tulip program and a range of seasonal flower programs; 3 hectares are used for chrysanthemums and 0.1 hectares for flower plant propagation. Flower growing, cutting and sales increased in 2022 as rose,  gerbera  and  germini  plants  mature  and yields improve. Clients include retail and wholesale groups and the smaller regional client base continues to grow.

At the Petrovsky Fort business centre in SaintPetersburg the business continues to perform solidly.  A  new  supermarket  store  now  brings convenience grocery shopping to our tenants. As part of the optimisation program on the retail floors, a 1'000 square meter area is under refurbishment to create a new value added coworking  rentable  space.  Regular  ongoing  improvements and capex programs continue.

At  the  Turgenevskaya parking garage in Moscow, daily parking income is stable and the new card payment system makes it easier for customer  payments.  The  rental  of  longer-term parking bays to corporates and individuals are also improving.

Due to the sanctions against Russia, Russian entities,  and  individuals,  the  operating  environment in Russia was impacted by import and export  restrictions,  import  substitution,  new regional and international sourcing and distribution  routes,  capital  controls,  and  a  lower growth environment.

<!-- image -->

Notwithstanding,  our  operational  businesses, which are all focused on the domestic economy, continue  operating  at  levels  comparable  to 2021. However, there are challenges as our listed equities and bonds have been blocked (we are restricted from trading or repatriating sales proceeds abroad) and the CBR tightened available channels to repatriate cash distributions from our operational businesses. We have taken the necessary actions to optimise available channels for cash repatriations. In addition, we renegotiated terms with our service providers and applied a range of measures within our group to cut costs.

On  the  economic  front,  the  CBR  initially  increased the key rate in February to 20% to stabilise financial markets, but within a few months reduced this rate via number of cuts. At yearend 2022 the rate was 7,5%, below the 9.5% one year  earlier.  Notwithstanding  the  impact  of sanctions and higher inflation in 2022, economic  growth  contracted  by  2.9%  in  2022,  much lower than initial forecasts.

ENR continues to monitor geopolitical developments and the economic environment to evaluate how the situation is evolving, and to assess what actions to take.

Geneva, 4 April 2023

Gustav Stenbolt Chairman

<!-- image -->

Ben de Bruyn Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Economic Review

## Growth and inflation

Gross Domestic Product ('GDP') in Russia contracted by 2.9% in 2022. Current CBR forecasts are that GDP will start growing in the second half of 2023 (by 1.5% - 2.5% annually).

On the domestic front, household savings increased  along  with  the  uncertainties  on  the geo-political  front  and  consumer  adaption  to the new supply and sourcing structures in consumer markets.

Year-end  2022  inflation  was  11.9%.  Over  the short  term,  negative  ruble  exchange  fluctuations may increase inflation, but lower houshold domestic spending will have an opposite effect.

## Sanctions

The  European  Union  ('EU')  and  United  States prohibited transactions with the CBR related to the management of its reserves and assets. The CBR can no longer access assets it has on account in central banks and private institutions in western countries. There are limitations on financial inflows from Russia abroad and many Russian banks have been sanctioned and/or cutoff  from  the  SWIFT  interbank  system.  Many large  Russian  companies are sanctioned from raising finance in western markets and Russia itself cannot raise funds on the sovereign debt market. There are prohibitions on trading of instruments  of  listed  Russian  state-owned entities.

There is a ban from western countries on imports of Russia crude oil, petroleum products, liquefied natural gas and coal and an embargo on crude oil and certain refined petroleum products from Russia, the provision of related services, including insurance or reinsurance for the transport of oil and petroleum products. There are exceptions for imports of crude oil by pipeline  into  EU  member  states  that,  due  to  their geographic  situation,  have  a  specific  dependence on Russian supplies and no viable alternative options. Certain countries have temporary exemptions for the import of Russian seaborne crude oil and gas oil. Russian oil exports have been redirected mainly to India and China and China is now Russia's largest customer.

Oil  and  gas  prices  and  markets  to  sell  these products remain key factors to the prospects of the Russian economy (majority of exports and generating the bulk of federal budget revenues). Russian oil and gas income via exports is also a key source of ruble support. In 2022 natural gas prices in Europe initially increased sharply during 2022, whilst oil prices increased marginally at yearend after spiking to very high levels during a large part of the year.

The list of sanctioned imported goods from Russia  include,  coal  and  other  solid  fossil  fuels; steel,  steel  products  and  iron;  gold;  cement, wood, paper and plastics;  seafood  and  liquor and cosmetics. A range of goods cannot be ex

<!-- image -->

ported to Russia, such as certain high-end technology; certain types of machinery and transportation equipment; specific goods and technology needed for oil refining; energy industry equipment,  technology  and  services;  aviation and space industry goods and technology; maritime navigation goods and radio communication technology; goods that could be used for both civil and military purposes; as well as some luxury goods and firearms.

The world's largest shipping groups suspended non-essential deliveries to Russia, including export of electrical components used in military and civilian computers and machinery components. The EU prohibited Russian road transport operators from entering the EU, including goods in transit (with exemptions for the transport of energy;  pharmaceutical,  medical,  agricultural and  food  products;  and  humanitarian  aid purposes).

## Central Bank of Russia, key rate movements and Ruble

In 2022, the CBR initially increased the key rate in February from 9.5% to 20%, to compensate for  increased  ruble  depreciation  and  inflation risks at that time. It was required to support financial and price stability and protect savings from depreciation. This halted ruble devaluation. Since then, the CBR has made a number of rate cuts and the key rate, at 31 December 2022, was 7.5% (below the 9.5% rate at year-end 2021).

On  the  economic  front,  the  CBR  initially  increased the key rate in February to 20% to stabilise financial markets, but within a few months reduced this rate via number of cuts. At yearend 2022 the rate was 7,5%, below the 9.5% one year  earlier.  Notwithstanding  the  impact  of sanctions and higher inflation in 2022, economic  growth  contracted  by  2.9%  in  2022,  much lower than initial forcasts.

## Other

To date, there has not been a solution for the situation  in  Ukraine  and  bilateral  peace  talks have stalled. That impacted the Ukranian economy dramatically and its GDP contracted by 45% in  2022  with  low  exports,  widespread  infrastructure damage and population migration.

<!-- image -->

## Portfolio Investments

## Petrovsky Fort (http://www.petrofort.ru/en/)

Petrovsky  Fort  is  a  class  B+  office  and  retail center  in  Saint-Petersburg  near  the  embankment of the Neva river.  There  are  nine  office floors (15'328 square meters rentable space) and two retail levels (5'815 square meters rentable space), two technical floors, a large central atrium,  and  underground  parking  for  118  cars (above ground parking for 36 cars).

The Saint-Petersburg based team is actively involved in  the  day-to-day  management of the building and its tenants. A turnkey service offering is provided to the tenants (i.e. utility services,  central  heating,  ventilation  and  air  conditioning; telecommunication l i n e s and high-speed internet access; daily cleaning; security services; reception services and engineering and maintenance services).

For office space, vacancies increased to 11% (31 December 2021: 2%). For the two retail floors, vacancies increased to 41% (31 December 2021: 25%)  when  a  large  retail  tenant  reduced  its rental  space.  Overall,  the  vacancy  rate  in  the building increased to 19% at year-end 2022 (31 December  2021:  8%).  Notwithstanding,  2022 rental income was solid and the replacement of a few remaining international tenants who rented premises in the building was nearing completion at year-end.

A supermarket store in the building now provides convenience grocery shopping to tenants. Regular ongoing improvements and capex pro- grams continue and the new co-working space refurbishment  is  progressing  well  on  a  retail floor (1'000 square meter area). Once completed, it  will  enhance and compliment the rental offering in the building.

At 31 December 2022, Petrovsky Fort's valuation was ruble 2.79 billion (31 December 2021: ruble 2.86 billion). The carrying value, in Swiss Franc, increased to CHF 36.72 million at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: CHF 36.20 million) due to a stronger ruble against the Swiss Franc at year-end  and  capex  investments  of  CHF  0.89 million in 2022.

## Kaluga Flower Holding LLC - Florentika (https://www.florentika.ru/)

ENR has a 50% interest in LLC Kaluga Flower Holding, who owns a greenhouse complex for flower growing in the Kaluga Oblast in Russia (135 km south-west of Moscow) ('Flower Growing Facility'). The Flower Growing Facility is well engineered and equipped with five stand-alone greenhouses. Each greenhouse has gas driven combined cycle generators and heating systems, water treatment and flower growing and harvesting machinery and equipment.

ENR  invested  ruble  764.42  million  in  Kaluga Flower  Holding  LLC  via  promissary  notes  and ruble 32 million via equity.

Greenhouses are at full capacity utilisation with 25.1 hectares in productive use. 15 hectares are planted  with  more  than  40  rose  varieties;  2 hectares are planted with more than 20 germini

<!-- image -->

and gerbera varieties; 5 hectares are used for a large annual tulip program as well as a range of seasonal flower programs; 3 hectares are used for chrysanthemums and 0.1 hectares for flower plant propagation. Flower growing, cutting and sorting and sales have increased in 2022 as rose, gerbera and germini plants mature and yields improve.  Client  includes  Russian  retail  and wholesale groups, with a growing smaller regional client base.

Russia remains one of the 5 largest flower consumption markets in the world and imports 85% of all flowers. As the Flower Growing Facility is the largest Russian domestic flower producer, it is well positioned with locally produced flowers to substitute imported flowers. Its flowers are high-quality  and  last  longer  than  imported flowers and provides regular and reliable supply to customers. This is relevant as offshore flower suppliers  and  importers  face  challenges  with imports due to sanctions and transport, logistical and payment challenges.

At 31 December 2022, the carrying value of this flower business increased to CHF 12.55 million due to accrued interest income on loans and a stronger ruble against the Swiss Franc at yearend  2022  (31  December  2021:  CHF  10.99 million).

## Turgenevskya parking garage (http://www.turgenevka-parking.ru/)

The parking garage is well located in the central business district of Moscow at Turgenevskaya square  on  the  Boulevard  Ring.  It  has  a  gross built area of almost 10'000 square meters, with parking lot above ground and in six levels underground. Parking lots are leased to corporate clients and to individuals and on an hourly basis for other users. There are several business centers  and  retail  properties  in  the  surrounding area,  with  three  subway  stations  within  close walking distance. Daily parking income is stable and the new card payment system makes it easier  for  customer  payments.  Rental  of  longerterm parking bays to corporates and individuals are slowly improving.

At 31 December 2022 the carrying value of the Turgenevskaya parking garage decreased to CHF 3.58  million  (31  December  2021:  CHF  3.76 million).

## Listed equities

These are Severstal shares, (a vertically integrated steel and steel-related mining business, listed on the Moex Moscow stock exchange), with an attributable value of CHF 0.17 million at 31 December  2022  (31  December  2021:  CHF  0.29 million).

## Fixed Income Investments

These are bonds of the VTB group, a financial services group in Russia. The aggregate value of these investments declined from CHF 1.46 million at 31 December 2021 to CHF 0.15 million at 31 December 2022.

<!-- image -->

## Directors and Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

+

<!-- image -->

## Board of Directors

Gustav Stenbolt - Chairman

<!-- image -->

Born 12 August 1957. Lic. rer. pol., University of Fribourg. From 1 March 2017, Mr. Stenbolt assumed the functions of delegate of the Valartis Group  AG  board  of  directors  for  the  Valartis Group AG. Since 2015 he has been the Chairman of the Board of Valartis Group AG. From 2007 until 2015 he was the Chief Executive Officer of Valartis Group AG. He was Chairman of the Executive Board of Jelmoli Holding from 2004 to 2007. From 1996 to 2004, CEO and founder of the MCT group in Geneva. MCT merged with OZ Holding  in  2005.  The  merged  entity  was  renamed Valartis Group in 2007. From the period 1983 to 1996, Chief Investment Officer of Unifund for Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe/ CIS. Gustav Stenbolt is member of the Board of ENR Russia Invest S.A., EPH European Property Holdings Limited.

The  board  of  directors  ('Board')  establishes strategic,  accounting,  organisational  and  financing policies to be followed by the Company. The Board further appoints the authorised signatories of the Company. Moreover, the Board is entrusted  with  preparing  shareholders'  meet-

Walter Fetscherin

<!-- image -->

Born 18 August 1945. Swiss citizen with Zurich as his place of origin and Meilen, Switzerland, as his domicile. Dr. Fetscherin studied at the Law Faculty of the University of Zurich, Vienna and Heidelberg, including a doctorate of Law from Zurich University. In 1973 he joined the Swiss department  of  Foreign  Affairs  and  has  since served  in  diplomatic  postings  in  Poland,  the USSR and Canada. He was Swiss Ambassador to South Korea, the Czech Republic and until 2003 he served as Swiss Ambassador to Russia, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan (and Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia for one year). He is currently a member of the board of a number of private companies. Dr. Fetscherin is also former president of the Joint Chamber of Commerce (JCC, Switzerland-Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Belarus and Kyrgyzstan) and Chairman of the Advisory Board of Nestle Russia LLC.

ings and   carrying out shareholders' resolutions. The main duty of the Board is to exercise the supervision over the Company's affairs and its investment policy.

<!-- image -->

## Ben de Bruyn

Born 10 June 1966. Mr. de Bruyn was appointed as chief executive officer of the Company with effect 1 January 2014. Prior to that he was employed from July 2006 with Valartis Asset Management SA with responsibility for private equity operations. Mr. de Bruyn has more than 20 years of experience in merger and acquisitions, capital  raisings,  privatisations  and  group  restructurings.  Previously,  he  led  the  corporate finance division of Brait SA, a South African private equity and investment group where he was involved in a number of private equity transactions,  including  leveraged  buy-outs  of  listed companies. Before this he worked for the capital markets team of Absa Bank Ltd and in the corporate  banking  division  of  First  Rand  Ltd.  He holds business and legal degrees from the University of Stellenbosch, South Africa as well as a postgraduate diploma in taxation from the University of Johannesburg, South Africa. In 1993 he  was  admitted  as  an  attorney  of  the  High Court of South Africa.

## Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

Corporate Governance Report

<!-- image -->

15

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Governance Report

## Domicile

118 Rue du Rhone 1204 Geneva 3 Switzerland

Swiss Security Number: 3447695 ISIN Number: CH0034476959 Market Capitalisation: CHF 15.87 million (At a closing price of CHF 6 per share on 31 December 2022)

## 1. Group Structure

## 1.1 Group structure

The operative group structure of ENR Russia Invest SA ('ENR' or the 'Company') is described in note 1 to the 2022 audited consolidated financial statements (see page 60 of this annual report). The subsidiaries, associate companies  and joint-ventures of ENR are described in notes 3.1 and 3.2 to the 2022 audited consolidated financial statements (see pages 62 to 64 of the annual report).

## 1.2 Significant shareholders

Significant  shareholders are disclosed in note 25.5 to the 2022 audited consolidated financial statements (see page 109 of this annual report). ENR has no knowledge of any significant shareholder agreements.

## 1.3 Cross-shareholdings

ENR is not aware of any cross shareholdings.

## 2. Capital Structure

## 2.1 Capital

The Company's capital structure is disclosed on pages 104 and 105 of the annual report in note 23 and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity in the 2022 audited consolidated financial statements on page 59 of the annual report.

## 2.2 Change in capital

Changes in capital are summarised in the consolidated statement of changes in equity in the 2022 audited consolidated financial statements on page 59 of the annual report (also see note 23 on pages 104 and 105 of the annual report).

## 2.3 Shares and participation certificates

Note 23 to the 2022 audited consolidated financial statements (see pages 104 and 105 of the annual  report)  contains  a  description  of  the Company's shares. No participation certificates have been issued.

## 2.4 Profit sharing certificates

The Company has not issued any profit sharing certificates.

## 2.5 Limitations on transferability and nominee registration

The  Company's  articles  of  association  do  not foresee any restrictions on the transfer of the Company's  shares.  As  the  Company  only  has bearer shares in issue there are no rules on registration in a shareholder register.

<!-- image -->

## 3. Board of Directors

## 3.1 Members of the Board of Directors

As of 31 December 2022, the board of directors was composed of the following members:

## Gustav Stenbolt Non-executive member and Chairman (Norwegian national, first election in 2007)

For details, refer to page 12 of the 2022 annual report, section 'Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer'.

## Walter Fetscherin

## Non-executive member (Swiss national, first election in 2007)

For details, refer to page 12 of the 2022 annual report, section 'Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer'.

## 3.2 Other activities and functions

For details, refer to page 12 of the 2022 annual report, section 'Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer'.

## 3.3 Cross involvement

For details, refer to page 12 the 2022 annual report, section 'Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer'.

## 3.4 Election and term of office

Each member of the Board is elected for a period of 1 year, expiring at the first ordinary general assembly following his or her election. There is no limitation on re-election. The time of first elec- tion has been disclosed above under the Corporate Governance Report, section 3.1.

## 3.5 Internal organisational structure

Physical or tele/video conference Board meetings are usually held four times per year. Conference calls  are  organised  from  time  to  time.  Board members,  collectively,  attend  to  audit  related matters.

Since the Company's separate listing on SIX Swiss Exchange in late 2007 and up to 31 December 2013, the day-to-day management was delegated to Valartis International Ltd., acting as investment manager in accordance with an investment management agreement ( 'Agreement') .

With effect 1 January 2014, at operational level the Company appointed Mr. Ben de Bruyn (refer to page 13 of the 2022 annual report at the section 'Board of Directors and Chief Executive') as Chief Executive Officer. Under the organisational regulations dayto-day management and operations of the Company were delegated to the chief executive officer from 1 January 2014. The Board will be informed regularly on the activity of the Company by the chief executive officer who formally reports back during Board meetings. Valartis International Ltd., from 1 January 2014, reports back on a regular basis to the chief executive officer.

## 3.6 Definitions of areas of responsibility

The Board is responsible for managing the business affairs of the Company in accordance with the  Company's  memorandum  and  articles  of association.

<!-- image -->

As  mentioned  in  section  3.5  of  the  Corporate Governance Report, with effect 1 January 2014, the chief executive officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company.

Valartis International Ltd. continues to perform investment management services to the Company in accordance with the Agreement, as well as asset management services relating to the SaintPetersburg based Petrovsky Fort business center and the Moscow based Turgenevskya parking garage  (see  section  4.2  of  the  Corporate  Governance Report). Valartis International Ltd, (Moscow branch) also provides accounting support to LLC Kaluga Flower Holding, for which it is paid ruble 6.68 million per year.

## 3.7 Information and control instruments

Valartis Advisory Services SA, a wholly owned Valartis Group AG subsidiary, reports the Company's net asset value ( 'NAV' ) on a monthly basis.

Potential changes in the investment strategy and major investments are discussed at Board level. Any investment or disinvestment decisions in accordance with the investment guidelines (see pages 132 to 133 of the annual report) for private equity (including real estate), equity, fixed income and other investment opportunities require Board approval if the investment or disinvestment exceeds CHF 5.25 million. Investments or disinvestments below this threshold are approved by the chief executive officer, who will seek input from the Board where required.

## 4. Other activities and Investment Manager

## 4.1 Other activities and vested interests

Refer to pages 12 to 13 the annual report, section  'Board  of  Directors  and  Chief  Executive Officer'.

## 4.2  The  Agreement  (see  section  3.5  of  the Corporate  Governance  Report)  and  other property management services

Valartis International Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Valartis Group AG, renders investment management services for ENR and its subsidiary companies  in  accordance  with  the  Agreement (reviewed from time to time) and originally dated 13 December 2013; the Company's articles of association; the Investment Guidelines (see 'Investment Guidelines' on pages 132 to 133 of the annual  report);  a  risk  profile  and  investment objectives associated with investments and on specific instructions from the Company.

The duties of Valartis International Ltd. comprise, inter alia, with respect to private equity (including real estate) and illiquid capital market investment opportunities to screen potential opportunities  and visit businesses, identify investment objectives  and  interests,  preparation  of  valuations,  market  analyses,  competition  analyses, debt capacity calculations, tax optimising structures, financing structures, debt finance (if appropriate), conducting due diligence investigations  and  to  consider  potential  exit  strategies (refer to 'Investment Guidelines' on pages 132 to 133 of the annual report for information on the investment process).

<!-- image -->

Valartis  International  Ltd.  may  also  assist  the Company to invest in, inter alia, securities, financial instruments or capital market instruments, derivatives, fixed term or fiduciary deposits, currencies and may instruct Company custodians to carry out both spot and forward transactions.

For  the  Saint-Petersburg  based  Petrovsky  Fort business center, Valartis International Ltd and Valartis  Advisory  Services  SA  were  appointed  to perform property management services relating to the building (business development, management of tenant agreements; third party broker agreements, property administration and commercialisation,  legal  support,  local  accounting, financial and cash management, budgeting and preparation  of  monthly  feedback  reports).  A property management fee of US$ 0.17 million per annum (VAT exclusive) is paid to Valartis Advisory Services SA for rendering these services and ruble 3.94 million to Valartis International Ltd Moscow. Valartis International Ltd is also appointed to  perform specific  services  to  assist  with  the banking relationship relating to loan funding towards the Petrovsky Fort business center. For this a fee of EUR 0.08 million per annum (VAT exclusive) is paid.

For the Turgenevskaya parking garage, since mid2017 Valartis International Ltd (Moscow) was appointed to perform property management services  relating  to  the  parking  garage  (business development,  management  of  tenant  agreements; property administration and commercialisation, legal support, local accounting, financial and cash management, budgeting and preparation of monthly feedback reports). For this a fee of  ruble  3  million  (VAT  exclusive)  was  paid  in 2022.

The services rendered in respect of the Petrovsky Fort business center, Turgenevskaya parking garage and LLC Kaluga Flower Holding are regulated by separate contracts.

## 5. Compensation, Shareholdings and Loans

## 5.1 Content and method of compensation

Remuneration to Directors comprise of a fixed cash compensation, determined on an individual basis. From 2014 onwards same was determined in accordance with the provisions set out in the Company's  articles  of  association  (and  any changes thereto as may be required at future annual  general  meetings  of  the  Company's shareholders).  No  past  compensation,  shares, options or warrants were allotted to the members of the Board. Also refer to the Compensation Report forming part of the 2022 annual report  on  pages  124  to  127  for  information  on compensation matters relating to Directors and employees.

Directors will be reimbursed for traveling, hotel and other expenses reasonably incurred in the performance of their duties as members of the Board. The directors and officers of the Company will be covered by a directors' and officers' liability insurance entered into by the Company.

<!-- image -->

## 5.2  Compensation  for  acting  members  of governing bodies

Total compensation paid to non-executive directors for 2022 was CHF 0.07 million.

## 5.3  Compensation  for  former  members  of governing bodies

No compensation was paid to former members of governing bodies.

## 5.4 Share allotment

There  were  no  share  allotments  made  by  the Company during 2022.

## 5.5 Share ownership

For share ownership in the Company of Dr. Walter Fetscherin and Mr. Gustav Stenbolt refer to note 25.3 of the 2022 audited consolidated annual financial  statements  (page  109  of  the  annual report).

## 5.6 Options

The members of the Company's Board and parties closely linked to such persons did not hold any options on shares of the Company as of 31 December 2022.

## 5.7 Additional fees and remunerations

Neither additional fees nor remunerations were paid during the period under review.

## 5.8 Loans to members of governing bodies

The Company did not grant any loans to members of the Board.

## 5.9 Highest total compensation

The highest total compensation paid to a director during 2022 was CHF 0.05 million.

## 6. Shareholders' Participation

## 6.1 Voting rights

The  Company's  statutory  provisions  with  regards to shareholders participation rights are in line with applicable legal provisions. There are no voting rights restrictions.

## 6.2 Statutory quorums

Statutory quorums are in line with the applicable legal provisions.

## 6.3 Convocation of shareholders meetings

Statutory  rules  on  the  convocation  of  shareholders meetings are in line with the applicable legal provisions.

## 6.4 Agenda

Shareholders holding shares with a total nominal value of CHF 1 million may request in writing that additional items are added to the proposed agenda for the meeting of shareholders of the Company.

## 6.5 Inscriptions into share register

All of the Company's shares have been issued in the form of bearer shares. Therefore, the Company does not maintain a shareholders' register.

## 7. Changes of Control and Defence Measure

## 7.1 Duty to make an offer

Pursuant to article 135 of the Federal Act on Financial Market Infrastructures and Market Conduct in Securities and Derivatives Trading of 19 June 2015 ('FMIA') an offeror who acquires directly or indirectly 33 1/3 % of the voting rights of the Company will be required to make a public offer to acquire all

<!-- image -->

the listed securities of the Company.  However, pursuant to Article 13 of the Company's articles of association (reference - http://www.enr.ch/ENR\_Ar-ticles2014.pdf)  this  duty  shall  not  apply  with respect to the Company. A purchaser of shares of the Company will therefore not be obliged to make a public tender offer under Article 135 of FMIA.

## 7.2 Clauses on change of control

At the date of this annual report, the Company has not entered into any agreements that trigger  financial  consequences  in  the  case  of  a change of control.

## 7.3 Black out periods

There are no defined blackout periods. Directors and management maintain and respect confidentiality of price sensitive information.

## 8. Auditor

## 8.1 Duration of mandate and term of office

BDO SA,  at  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the Company held on 15 June 2017, was appointed as auditor of the Company and has acted as auditor for the Company since that time. The auditor is elected by the general assembly for a term of oneyear. For the Company, Mr. Nigel Le Masurier is the auditor in charge since the financial year 2017.

## 8.2 Auditing fees

For  the  2022  financial  year,  CHF  0.06  million (excluding VAT) has been paid to BDO Switzerland for audit fees.

## 8.3 Additional fees

During 2022 no additional fees were paid to BDO SA.

## 8.4 Supervisory and control instruments

It  is  the  Company's  policy  to  hold  a  formal meeting between members of Board and the auditor in charge once a year.

## 9. Information Policy

The Company appointed Valartis Advisory Services SA (see Corporate Governance Report in section  3.7  -  Information  and  control  instruments above) for the calculation of its NAV and attributable NAV per share, which is published on a quarterly basis on Bloomberg and on the Company's website. From 1 January 2014, quarterly NAV publications are made via ad hoc announcements. In respect of the first and third quarters of each calendar year, publications will take place within one month after the calendar quarter.  For  the  remaining  two  quarters,  the NAV will be published after the finalisation of the interim and annual results. Audited annual reports as at 31 December, are published within 4 months after year-end. Semi-annual reports at 30 June, generally unaudited, are published within 2 months after closing.

Furthermore,  information  can  be  obtained  by contacting the Company in writing or by phone:

ENR Russia Invest SA Investor Relations 118 Rue du Rhone 1204 Geneva 3, Switzerland Tel: +41 22 510 2626 E-mail: contact@enr.ch

<!-- image -->

Risk Factors

<!-- image -->

23

<!-- image -->

## Risk Factors

## 1. General

Risks and uncertainties may impact on ENR's investment activities in Russia and other member countries of the CIS and the Baltic states. As Russia is the largest economy in this region the focus is on Russia. Risk factors, in varying degrees, will also apply to other CIS member countries and the Baltic States. Also, emerging market economies are prone to greater risks than more developed markets (i.e. economic, political, social and legal and tax risks). Events in emerging market economies can rapidly change and information in this section may become outdated. In times of uncertainty  or  economic  disruptions  due  to  external factors (for example, COVID-19 impact or military conflicts), business models will be tested, there can be liquidity constraints and other challenges.

## 2. Risk factors - ENR's investment environment

ENR's investment activities in Russia, other CIS countries and the Baltic States involve a higher degree of risk than investments in more developed or regulated environments.

## Economy related and lower growth risks in Russia

Any  economic  instability  in  Russia  could  adversely impact ENR's operations and its investments and businesses' growth strategies.

For a period after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, amongst other things, the GDP in Russia declined sharply; there was hyperinflation and high interest rates; the ruble was unstable and government debt was high; the banking sector was weak; and there were bankruptcy actions; a black and grey market economy; capital flight; corruption,  high  unemployment  and  volatile natural  resources  prices.  In  August  1998,  the Russian government defaulted on its debt obligations, the CBR stopped support of the ruble and  a  temporary  moratorium  was  placed  on hard currency payments. This resulted in sharp ruble devaluation, high inflation and a decline in the value of Russian bonds and equities and no access  to  international  capital  markets.  The banking sector nearly collapsed and banks could not provide liquidity to Russian companies.

In 1999 and 2000 the economy rebounded (GDP grew by 5.4% and 8.3%, respectively) in a weak ruble  environment  fueled  by  rising  oil  prices. Structural reforms were introduced, and confidence  business  increased,  which  helped  GDP growth for some years.

Russia  is  dependent  on  export  commodities, mainly oil and natural gas and that makes the Russian economy vulnerable to changes in commodity prices. From 2000 until mid-2008, GDP grew  strongly,  tax  collections  had  increased, whilst  the  ruble  was  stable.  Government  debt reduced from 32% to 6.5% of GDP in the period 2004 and 2009 and an early repayment of external  debt  was  made.  Russia  also  benefited from higher commodity prices, higher disposable income and more consumer spending in a period of budget surpluses.

<!-- image -->

In  mid-2008  and  2009,  the  Russian  economy was adversely impacted by the global financial crisis. There was volatility in world debt and equity markets, reductions in foreign investment and  sharp  GDP  declines  worldwide.  Russia's economy contracted by 7.9% in 2009, with a 5.9%  budget  deficit  in  that  year.  In  summer 2010,  fires  across  western  Russia,  combined with a summer drought and record high temperatures, resulted in a small harvest and higher demand for imported grain. GDP recovered in 2011 and grew by 4.3% and then by 3.4% in 2012,  followed  by  1.3%  growth  in  2013.  The sharp fall in world crude oil prices in 2014 from US$ 115 a barrel to around the US$ 50 levels resulted in lower growth in 2014, and the ruble depreciated in line with lower oil prices.

In  2015  the  Russian  economy  contracted  by 3.7% as demand and consumption were weaker, manufacturing growth and construction output lower and fixed investment contracted (oil prices fell sharply by 34% in 2015). In 2016, there were signs of improvement as the dual shocks from lower oil prices and sanctions were partly absorbed (GDP still contracted by 0.6%). Inflation was lower at 5.6% end 2016 compared to the 12.9% a year earlier, which allowed the CBR to  reduce  the  key  rate  to  10%.  In  2017,  GDP grew by 1.5% with rising oil output and higher oil prices, lower inflation, lower unemployment, a strong performance by the agriculture sector and better consumer demand. Lower financial outflows and higher oil prices allowed economic activity  to  stabilise,  corporate  profits  to  increase, with positive trends in industrial produc tion,  growing freight turnover and more construction projects. Inflation slowed to 2.5% in 2017. The CBR reduced the key rate from 10% to 7.5%. In 2018, the economy grew at the fastest pace  in  6  years  and  GDP  increased  by  2.3%. Russian crude oil output reached a record 11.45 million  barrels  a  day.  Hotels  and  restaurants benefitted from the 2018 soccer World Cup in Russia (3 million foreign visitors). In 2019, the economy grew by 1.2% and the CBR continued to cut the key lending rate to 6% in early 2020.

In  March  2020,  OPEC+  talks  failed  to  reach agreement on curbing production volumes to curb lower demand due to Covid-19. Saudi Arabia cut its oil prices and promised to ramp up oil output. Oil price fell to levels last seen during the Gulf War and dropped 24% overnight, trading below US$ 30 a barrel in March 2020. That lead  to  sharp  ruble  depreciation  (some  23% against the CHF in March 2020). Oil prices continued to fall sharply (by 65% in April). Subsequently, an agreement was reached to reduce oil production. As the Covid pandemic gained momentum, demand for oil slowed. Oil prices stabilized again at year-end 2020 at low-to-mid USD 50 levels per barrel. Lower oil prices had a negative impact on the ruble, which depreciated by 25% against the Swiss Franc in 2020. In 2021, Russia's GDP grew by 4.7% with a revival of domestic and external demand. The domestic recovery was driven by the cancellation of restrictions related to the Covid epidemic and external demand was boosted by a rebound in the global economy. However, with the Ukrainian conflict in 2022, GDP slowed by 2.9% by year-end 2022.

<!-- image -->

Any  sustained  deterioration  of  the  economic situation worldwide or in the economic conditions in Russia or a sustained fall in world energy prices will impact negatively on Russia, which could have an adverse impact on ENR's investments, the ENR NAV and ultimately on the value of ENR shares.

## The risk of ruble depreciation

In the past, there were times of meaningful ruble depreciation against stronger currencies. For example, after the August 1998 Russian government default on its debt obligations and in 2014, with falling oil prices and a political standoff in Ukraine. In 2014, the CBR introduced a flexible exchange rate regime, whereafter it only intervened in foreign exchange markets where there are threats to financial stability. It also placed limits on daily foreign currency interventions. That was done to smooth currency movements and bring about a more stable currency environment and to manage any decline in the value of the ruble against a currency basket. The CBR reserved the right to make once off interventions. In 2015, with the sharp fall in crude oil prices by 34%, the ruble weakened by almost 30% against the Swiss Franc. There was a reversal in 2016 as global oil prices recovered and the value of the ruble  increased  by  17.37%  against  the  Swiss Franc. This was reversed in 2018 when the ruble declined by 16% against the Swiss Franc. Lower oil prices in 2020 had a negative impact on the ruble,  which  depreciated  by  25%  against  the Swiss  Franc  in  that  year.  In  2022,  due  to  the Ukraine situation, and sanctions which followed, the operating environment in Russia changed, particularly  with  regards  to  imports/exports, currency conversions and capital controls. Initially  the  CBR  imposed  capital  and  currency controls, making it challenging to convert the ruble (subsequently eased), and the CBR initially increased  the  key  rate  in  late  February  from 9.5% to 20%, stating at that time that external conditions for the economy had changed and the increase will have higher deposit rates to compensate for increased depreciation and inflation risks. This was to support financial and price stability and protect savings from depreciation.  Rapid  ruble  devaluation  was  halted. Since then, commodity prices increased sharply for most of 2022 with supply disruptions, before lowering in the last quarter of 2022. The ruble strengthened  by  year-end  2022  by  3.72% against the CHF.

The fluctuation in the value of the ruble as measured against other currencies (appreciation or depreciation) or the timing thereof and/or impact of CBR interventions and policy shifts and the impact on the ruble, could have an adverse impact on the businesses in which ENR has invested in and ultimately ENR's profitability and NAV and/or value of ENR shares.

## The Russian economy is vulnerable to economic downturns  of  major  trading  partners  and  is highly dependent on world commodity prices

As Russia produces and exports large quantities of crude oil, natural gas and other commodities, the  economy  is  vulnerable  to  fluctuations  in world commodity prices for crude oil and natural gas and/or any production, supply and/or demand

<!-- image -->

disruptions and changes. Any sustained decline in the price of crude oil, natural gas or other commodities or any disruption or demand decline in the markets where these commodities are sold, may  impact  negatively  or  disrupt  the  Russian economy, which could have an adverse impact on the businesses in which ENR has invested in and ultimately on ENR's profitability and NAV and/or the value of ENR shares.

## Impact of lower liquidity or sanctions

After the 2008 world financial crisis, the banking sector suffered from a lack of liquidity. After CBR interventions, liquidity to the banking sector increased, leading to growth in lending. By end 2009 these programs were partially successful, but the economic environment was still challenging, and banks were reluctant to lend. In 2010, liquidity returned to the market, but banks continued to be very cautious with their lending. The position was the same in 2011. In 2014, the conflict in the east of Ukraine resulted in western sanctions aimed at Russian individuals and companies, including sanctions banning commercial  activities  for  western  banks  to  offer long-term credits to Russian companies. Then, in 2020 and 2021, the COVID-19 impact on the economy made banks cautious in their lending practices. In 2022, new sanctions against Russia,  Russian  entities,  and  Russian  individuals changed the operating environment in Russia, particularly  with  regards  to  imports/exports, currency conversions and capital controls. Many large Russian companies were sanctioned from raising finance in western markets and Russia itself cannot raise funds on the sovereign debt market and prohibitions were put into place on trading of listed Russian state-owned entities. A number of Russian banks were sanctioned to use  the  SWIFT  interbank  system.  The  German government  blocked  the  certification  of  the Nord-Stream 2 gas pipeline, and the US sanctioned Nord-Stream 2 AG. Aeroflot was prohibited  from  using  EU  and  UK  airspace.  The  UK banned Russian-operated ships from its ports. Western sanctions against Russia are mentioned elsewhere. Russia, in turn, imposed export bans on certain products (exports of telecoms, medical,  vehicle,  agricultural,  and  electrical  equipment, as well as some forestry products such as timber).  Severstal  halted  deliveries  in  the  EU. Sberbank  and  VTB  banking  group  ceased  EU operations.

A weaker ruble or lower liquidity environment and/or  reduced  bank  lending  could  adversely impact  future  economic  growth,  which  could have  an  adverse  effect  on  the  businesses  in which ENR invested in and ultimately on ENR's profitability and NAV and/or the value of ENR shares.

## Physical infrastructure condition in Russia may disrupt business activity

Some physical infrastructure has not been adequately upgraded or maintained in Russia over the years. As with many countries, rail and road networks; electric power generation, transmission and distribution; district heating systems and  water  utilities;  communication  systems have to be maintained and upgraded. Electricity and heating shortages in some regions have in

<!-- image -->

the past disrupted local economies. Any deterioration of physical infrastructure harms the national economy and adds costs to doing business  in  Russia  and  can  interrupt  business operations. This may have an adverse impact on the businesses in which ENR invested in and ultimately on ENR's profitability and NAV and/or the value of ENR shares.

## The official credit rating for Russia has a material impact on investor sentiment

Ratings  of  agencies  (S&amp;P,  Moody's  and  Fitch) impacts on investor sentiment towards Russia and sovereign bond issues. For example, in January 2015, Fitch downgraded ratings for Russian debt from BBB to BBB- as the economic outlook deteriorated  following  a  sharp  fall  in  the  oil price and the ruble, coupled with a steep rise in interest rates. In February 2015, Moody's downgraded Russia, with a negative outlook on the back  of  events  in  Ukraine;  drop  in  oil  prices; lower international reserves amid capital outflows and limited access to foreign capital markets. In February 2019, Moody's upgraded Russia's  credit  rating  as  government  policies implemented over a number of years strengthen Russia's strong public finances and had a positive effect on its ability to withstand external shocks. Russia's sovereign bonds, at that time, were rated as investment grade by all three major rating agencies. Rating agencies reacted to the Ukraine situation in March 2022 and S&amp;P downgraded Russia to junk status. Subsequently, the EU banned top credit rating firms from rating Russia's sovereign debt and Russian companies. In the future Russia could face further downgrades or rating agencies may refrain from assigning ratings or rating improvements. This may deter  investors  from  investing  in  Russia and reduce capital inflows into Russia and could have an adverse impact on ENR's investments and ultimately the value of the ENR NAV and/or ENR shares.

## Russian banking and financial system - a banking crisis  could  place  liquidity  constraints  on  ENR portfolio companies and adversely impact their financial condition

The Russian banking and financial system evolved and strengthened since the 1998 financial crisis which resulted in the bankruptcy and liquidation of  many  Russian  banks.  In  2004  the  Russian banking sector experienced turmoil. Several privately owned Russian banks had liquidity problems and could not obtain funds on the interbank  market  or  from  their  clients.  Several privately owned Russian banks ceased or limited operations. Russian banks owned or controlled by the Government or CBR and foreign owned banks were generally not adversely affected. Banking supervision  improved  since  and  most  Russian banks comply with CBR regulations for lending criteria, credit quality, loan loss reserves, diversification  of  exposure  and  other  requirements. Since 2013, the CBR revoked banking licenses of non-compliant banks resulting in an increase in retail deposits at stronger banks. During a global financial crisis some banks ceased operations or required bailouts from the government. In 2014, EU and US sanctions against Russia included prohibitions to buy or sell new bonds, equity or similar financial instruments with a maturity exceed-

<!-- image -->

ing 30 days, issued by five major state-owned Russian banks (and other banks) and their subsidiaries and those acting on their behalf or at their direction.  There  are  prohibitions  on  providing loans with a maturity exceeding 30 days to these banks. In 2022 the EU prohibited all transactions with the CBR related to the management of its reserves and assets and the CBR can no longer access the assets it has on account in EU central banks and private institutions. The ban was imposed by other countries. There are limitations on financial inflows from Russia to western countries and many Russian banks have been sanctioned to use the SWIFT interbank system.

Deficiencies in the Russian banking sector, combined with the deterioration in credit portfolios of Russian banks, may result in the banking sector  being  susceptible  to  market  downturns  or economic slowdowns or Russian corporate and individual defaults that may occur during market downturns  or  economic  slowdowns.  Another banking crisis, bankruptcy of any bank with who ENR or one of its portfolio companies do business  with  could  adversely  impact  ENR  or  the portfolio company business. It could result in the loss  of  funds  or  income  or  impact  on  banking transactions in Russia, which could have a material adverse impact on ENR or its portfolio company business, results, operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, any shortage of funds or other disruptions or access to bank funding or the inability to transfer funds abroad due to sanctions or CBR restrictions for ENR or its subsidiaries, associates or portfolio companies could have a material adverse impact to complete planned expansion or operating at optimum ca pacity or impact negatively on its liquidity position and could then have a material adverse impact on ENR or its portfolio company and the value of the ENR NAV and/or ENR shares.

## Labour shortages

Any  shortage  in  the  labor  market  may  cause shortages of certain skills and can be a contributing factor to higher wages. This could be exagerated by conscription drives to suppliment army personnel. This could lead to lower productivity and profitability of businesses, which could adversely impact ENR portfolio companies and ultimately the value of the ENR NAV and/or ENR shares.

## A higher inflation environment

The Russian economy in the past has seen periods of high rates of inflation.  For example, annual inflation was 13.3% in 2008. Inflation reduced to record low levels mid 2012 at 3.6%, before increasing to 6% at end 2012. The weakened ruble, along with Russia's ban on imports of western food produce, pushed inflation up to 11.4%,  at  year-end  2014.  Despite  inflationary pressures the CBR cut the key interest rate to 11% in July 2015 where it remained for the rest of the year to make lending more accessible for businesses. In 2016, inflation continued to slow from 12.9% to 5.6%. This allowed the CBR to cut the key rate to 10%. Since then, inflation tended downwards reducing to 3% at the end of 2019. The VAT rate was increased in 2019 to 20% (from 18%). Russia inflation increased to 5% at yearend 2020, and to 11.9% end 2022 due to the Ukraine situation.

<!-- image -->

The  CBR  continued  with  rate  cuts  to  the  key lending rate throughout 2019 and in 2020 (December 2020 rate of 4.25%). This was reversed in 2021. In February 2022, the CBR was sanctioned due to the Ukraine conflict and imposed capital  and  currency  controls,  also  increasing the key rate from 9.5% to 20% (in 2021, the CBR increased  the  key  rate  by  4.25  %  to  8.5%  at year-end 2021) as external conditions for the economy had changed and the increase resulted in higher deposit rates to compensate for the increased depreciation and inflation risks. This was required to support financial and price stability and protect savings from depreciation at the time. Rapid ruble devaluation was halted. High  inflation  could  impact  negatively  on growth, cost of funding and may have an adverse impact on ENR portfolio companies and the value of the ENR NAV and/or ENR shares.

## Market risk in Russia

Investments in Russia may be highly volatile due to price movements influenced by a wide variety of factors. World commodity price movements, particularly  crude  oil  and  gas  (as  mentioned elsewhere) will impact on economic and corporate  performance in Russia. Other factors include,  changing  supply  and  demand  relationships, government, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs and policies, national  and  international  political  and  economic events, as well as changes in interest rates.

Any adverse movement in inflation could have a negative  impact  on  ENR  investments  and  the value of the ENR NAV and/or ENR shares.

## Political, Social, Regulatory Risks

## Political instability in Russia

Since 1991 Russia moved from a one-party state with a centrally planned economy to a federal republic with democratic institutions and a market-oriented economy. Throughout his first term of  office,  Mr.  Putin  maintained  governmental stability. Elections to the lower house of the legislature, the State Duma, in December 2003 resulted in a substantial majority for parties sympathetic to President Putin. In February 2004, before his election to a second term as president, President Putin dismissed the entire cabinet, including the prime minister and issued a presidential decree reducing the number of federal ministries, redistributed certain functions amongst various agencies of the Russian government and overhauled the federal administrative system. President Putin implemented a proposal  that  executives  of  sub-federal  political units are nominated by the president of Russia and confirmed by the legislature of federal region. President Putin also eliminated individual races  for  the  State  Duma  and  that  all  votes would instead be cast for political parties.

December  2007  parliamentary  elections  were held under new rules which prohibited candidates from running as independents from single-mandate  electoral  districts  and  deputies could  only  be  elected  as  members  of  a  party that receives at least 7% of all the votes cast (previously 5%). Legislative elections for electing members of the 450-seat State Duma (Federal Assembly of Russia's lower house) are held once  in  five  years  (for  four  years  till  2008)

<!-- image -->

through proportional representation. In December 2011 during the Russian parliamentary elections United Russia won 49.9% of the vote. The Communist Party  secured  19.2%,  Just  Russia 13.2% and the Liberal Democratic Party 11.2%. United Russia lost its two-thirds majority in the Duma. The transition from President Putin to Mr. Dmitry Medvedev as President went smoothly. In September 2011 Mr. Medvedev took up the leadership of the United Russia party in Duma elections and was appointed as the prime minister  after  the  2012  presidential  elections.  In March 2012, President Putin secured 64% of the vote in presidential elections and won a third term as president. He was inaugurated as president on 7 May 2012. Mr. Alexey Kudrin, who had successful record of maintaining budget stability over 12 years and overseen a number of important initiatives to reduce government spending, resigned. During his tenure Russia paid off its external debt, reducing debt levels to 10% of GDP and set up two reserve funds, the Reserve Fund, the National Welfare fund.

In  2016  Russia's  parliamentary,  regional  and municipal  elections  the  ruling  United  Russia party received 54% of the vote and 343 deputies in the Duma. The nationalist Liberal Democratic Party of Russia and the Communist Party received 13 % of votes each. The 2018 Russian presidential election was held in March 2018, where President Vladimir Putin won re-election for a second consecutive term and fourth term overall.  In  2020,  President  Putin  put  in  place changes to the constitution, shifting the power between the executive, judicial, and legislative branches. A government reshuffle followed.

Mr. Medvedev, Russia's prime minister was replaced with former tax chief, Mr. Mishustin. In 2021  parliamentary,  regional  and  municipal elections the ruling United Russia won nearly 50% of the vote.

Possible future governmental changes or major policy shifts or a lack of consensus internally between the President, Prime Minister, the government, Russia's parliament and powerful economic groups could disrupt or reverse economic and regulatory reforms or may lead to political instability, which could have a material adverse impact  on  ENR's  investments  and  therefore could adversely impact on the ENR NAV and/or ENR shares.

## Political conflicts may create an uncertain operating environment

The delineation of authority among the districts, regions and the federal government, as well as among branches of government, is at times unclear.  Tensions  and  conflicts  can  arise  among federal, regional and local authorities over various matters, including land ownership, tax revenues, regulatory authority and regional autonomy.  Similar  tensions  and  conflict  may  exist among regulatory authorities within the federal government or within any given regional or local government. In the past, the lack of co-ordination between the federal government and local or regional authorities has resulted in the enactment of conflicting legislation at various levels. Some laws and governmental and administrative decisions implementing them and certain transactions have been challenged in the courts.

<!-- image -->

Regional conflicts between Russia and neighboring countries can be very disruptive and spill over  in  longer  term  regional  conflict  and/or armed conflict (for example, in Georgia over a dispute over the break-away areas of South Ossetia  and  Abkhazia).  The  relationship  between Russia and Ukraine has been strained due to disputes,  for  example,  about  Ukraine's  failure  to pay arrears relating to the supply of energy resources, border disputes and increases of the price of natural gas sold to Ukraine. In late 2013, Ukraine and the EU failed to conclude an association agreement and Ukraine agreed to a financial aid package from Russia. A political crisis  developed,  polarising  sentiments  between Ukraine's western and central regions and those in  the  south  and  east  that  are  home  to  more Russian speakers and ethnic Russians. This spiraled  into  anti-government  demonstrations. President Yanukovych had to leave the country and was replaced by a provisional government. After the re-incorporation of Crimea into Russia,  a  political  stand-off  developed  between Russia and Ukraine. A first set of sanctions were issued by the US and EU against Russia in 2014 as a consequence of the Crimea situation. Russia announced a ban on the import of specified food products from western countries. In 2014, the US imposed a ban on business transactions for several Russian officials and certain Russian companies. Due to the conflict in the Donbass region, the US issued transaction bans to Rosneft, Novatek and Gazprombank and Vnesheconombank, which was followed by the EU  (with  the  extension  of  sanctions  against more Russian individuals and commercial entities). New sanctions consisted of a ban of com- mercial  activities  for  western  banks  to  offer long-term credits to Russian companies but also to deliver technology for oil exploration as well as the delivery of certain dual use products. In 2017 the US imposed further sanctions on Russia, targeting defence, intelligence, mining, shipping and railway industries and restricting dealings with Russian banks and energy companies.

Russia continued to urge for adherence to the Minsk II Peace Treaty (not implemented by 2022). The possible Ukraine and/or Georgia accession to NATO and the EU was a longstanding source of tension and in late 2021 and early 2022 the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued security demands to the US. That kicked off a first round  of  diplomacy  with  the  US  in  January 2022, which failed, as the US did not accept a position  where  Ukraine  is  not  allowed  to  join NATO. French President Macron kicked off a second round of EU diplomacy by pushing for the implementation of the Minsk II agreement, without success as Ukraine did not implement the agreement. Discussions with the German Chancellor,  Mr.  Scholz  failed  and  Russia  launched military operations in Ukraine which has escalated and are ongoing at end  2022. That has led to, amongst other things, sanctions as described in various parts of the Risk Section, lower economic  growth  in  Ukraine,  Russia  and  the  EU, with energy supply disruptions, higher energy prices, higher food prices, a higher inflationary environment worldwilde and increased geopolitical  tensions  and  polarization.  Geopolitical tensions between Russia and the west resulted in  a  continued  eastwards  pivot  of  Russia  towards China and others.

<!-- image -->

Conflicts  such  as  these  may  lead  to  negative economic growth or political instability or impact world stock and bond markets negatively (Russia is no exception) and lead to the suspension of trade for periods of time. This could have a material adverse impact on the operating environment and ENR's investments and therefore could adversely impact on ENR's operations and its  NAV and/or ENR shares.

## Government investigations

Various government agencies may launch investigations related to tax and environmental matters against companies or prosecutorial authorities  may  launch  criminal  actions  against individuals.  Russian  authorities  have  at  times challenged Russian companies and prosecuted their  senior  officers  and  shareholders  on  tax evasion and related charges. In some cases, the result of prosecutions and challenges have been significant claims against companies for unpaid taxes and the imposition of prison sentences on individuals. Certain environmental challenges by Russian authorities may target businesses and the outcome of these procedures could result in changes of control or even liquidation proceedings. Regulatory authorities have a high degree of  discretion.  This  could  include  a  denial  or withdrawal of licenses or unexpected tax audits, criminal  prosecutions  or  civil  actions  (and  in some cases changes of ownership). The outcome of  investigations  or  such  actions,  if  directed against  ENR  portfolio  companies,  its  senior management,  its  shareholders  or  beneficial owners, the portfolio company's business, financial  condition,  operations  and  prospects could  be  negatively  affected,  which  may  ad- versely  impact  on  the  value  of  ENR's  investments and its shares.

## Terror or related attacks

Ethnic and religious divisions have on occasion given rise to tensions and with neighbouring regions.  For  example,  in  the  past  the  Chechen conflict  have led to terror attacks in parts of Russia, including Moscow and Saint Petersburg. Terror or attacks (for example, linked to the conflict in Ukraine) and heightened security measures may cause disruptions to, amongst other things, the local infrastructure and economy in Russia. Any such attack (directly or indirectly) could  adversely  impact  ENR  investments  and therefore the ENR NAV and/or ENR shares.

## Weaknesses of the legal system

Weaknesses associated with Russia's legal system include, to varying degrees, inconsistencies between and among laws, presidential decrees, edicts and governmental and ministerial orders and resolutions, conflicting local, regional and federal rules and regulations; the lack of judicial and administrative guidance regarding the interpretation  of  the  applicable  rules;  independence of the judiciary and its immunity from political,  social  and  commercial  influences,  in some cases inexperience of jurists, judges and courts in interpreting recently enacted legislation and complex commercial arrangements; a degree of unchecked discretion on the part of governmental authorities; gaps in the regulatory infrastructure  caused  by  delays  in  or  the  absence of implementing regulations; use of bankruptcy procedures and binding judicial precedents.  The  enactment  of  new  laws,  lack  of

<!-- image -->

consensus about the scope, content and pace of political  and  economic  reform  and  the  rapid evolution of legal systems may not always coincide with market developments and can result in legal ambiguities, inconsistencies and anomalies and enactment of laws without a clear constitutional or legislative basis. Not all Russian legislation and court decisions are readily available to the public and the judicial system can be slow at  times  and  court  orders  are  not  always  enforced or followed by law enforcement agencies. Court  claims  and  governmental  prosecutions may in some cases be influenced by furtherance of political aims or private interests. The Russian Civil Code and other federal laws regulating land use and ownership may not yet be sufficiently developed to fully support protection of private ownership of land the same extent as is common in countries with more developed market economies. Russian courts may not always enforce protections in the event of an attempted expropriation  or  nationalisations.  Corporate governance standards in Russia are not as developed as corporate governance standards in western Europe. Corporate governance practices in Russia are not as transparent as in developed western economies. There can be a lack of independence of directors and regulatory oversight and protection of shareholder rights.

These weaknesses could negatively impact ENR portfolio companies and their ability to protect their  legal  rights,  including  rights  under  contracts and to defend against claims by others. This  could  adversely  impact  ENR  investments and therefore the ENR NAV and/or ENR shares.

## Restrictive currency and related regulations

Notwithstanding the liberalisation of the Russian currency control regime and the abolishment of certain restrictions in January 2007, the Federal Laws on currency regulation and control and current regulations contain limitations on foreign currency operations. In February 2022, due to the Ukraine conflict, the CBR was sanctioned, and a large part of its assets were frozen. The CBR then imposed capital and currency controls making it challenging to convert or to transfer proceeds abroads.

During 2022, new governmental laws and regulations were introduced to either limit foreign investors to dispose of real estate or other assets in Russia and/or to first obtain government approvals prior to doing so. There are restrictions or approvals in place on how to channel sale proceeds abroad.

Restrictions may prevent ENR portfolio companies  from  optimising  business  operations,  or successfully  implementing  growth  strategies and/or from proceeding with or timeously completing  sale  processes.  Some  delays  may  also occur in the transfer of funds abroad (which in some cases could not be possible depending on capital controls). Any delay or difficulty relating to any sales process or in transferring or remitting  funds  could  limit  a  company's  ability  to meet obligations and/or have other material adverse impact on its business, financial condition, its operations and value, which may impact negatively on ENR or the ENR NAV and/or the value of ENR shares.

<!-- image -->

## Russian tax system

The government has reformed the tax system and this resulted in an improvement in the tax climate. The cornerstone was the introduction of the  Tax  Code  of  Russia  ('Russian  Tax  Code') which included a successive reduction of general corporate profits tax rate from 35% to 20%. Personal income tax was reduced for individuals who are tax residents in Russia and the general tax rate is 13%. The VAT rate is now 20%. Certain minor taxes have been abolished. Russian tax laws, regulations and court practice are subject to change, varying interpretations, and inconsistent and selective enforcement. In some instances, the tax authorities applied new taxes retroactively and issued tax claims for periods where the statute of limitations had expired or reviewed the same tax period multiple times (a repeated tax audit may be conducted by a higher level tax authority as a measure of control of the activities of a lower level tax authority regarding  a  reorganisation/liquidation  of  a  tax payer, or as a result of the filing by such taxpayer of an amended tax return decreasing the tax payable). Russian tax legislation was based on form rather than substance. However, in recent years Russian tax authorities are increasingly looking at substance over form. In 2005 the Russian Constitutional Court issued a decision that allowed the statute of limitations for tax liabilities to be extended beyond the 3-year term provided for in tax laws if the court determines that the taxpayer obstructed or hindered the tax audit. The 3-year statute of limitations can  be  extended  if  the  taxpayer  actively  obstructed the conduct of a tax audit creating insurmountable barriers to a tax  audit.  Tax  au- thorities  have  a  wide  discretion.  In  2009  the Constitutional Court issued a decision that prohibits Russian tax authorities from issuing decisions in the course of subsequent tax audits for the same tax payer if a court decision given in respect of the tax dispute between the taxpayer and  the  tax  authority  and  covering  taxation matters raised during the initial tax audit that has not been revised or changed. In 2009 the Constitutional Court issued a second decision confirming this position.

From 2015 the Tax Code introduced provisions where an assessment must be made if a person seeking to benefit from a reduced rate or exemption provided for in a treaty with another country  is  the  actual  recipient  or  beneficial owner of the income. From 2016, the Russian approach changed where the actual recipient (beneficial owner) of income is deemed to be the person who, by virtue of participation (direct and/or  indirect)  in  an  organisation  or  control over an organisation, or due to other circumstances, has the right independently to use and/ or dispose of that income, or a person in whose interests  another person has the authority to dispose of the income in question. The new beneficial owner rules a foreign company receiving income from Russia (as dividends, interest and royalties) may not have the right to claim lower rates of withholding tax under double taxation treaties. Lower rates do not apply to companies which cannot be deemed beneficial owners of income. The Tax Code provides that if a Russian taxpayer has outstanding debt to a foreign organisation who directly or indirectly owns more than 20% of the share capital of the Russian

<!-- image -->

business or is a related party of the foreign organisation, or where the related party or foreign organisation act as a surety or guarantor and where such amount of controlled indebtedness to a foreign organisation is more than 3-times greater than the net assets of the taxpayer, the Russian business will calculate a maximum interest on controlled indebtedness that may be recognised as an expense for tax purposes. Any positive  difference  between  interest  charged and maximum interest calculated is treated for tax purposes as dividends paid to the foreign organisation. The approach of Russian tax authorities changed recently and in many cases they now consider the loans provided by a foreign sister company as loans from the parent company, especially if the foreign financing company is a conduit and funds are provided and finally repaid to the parent company. This position is supported by court decisions in favor of the tax authorities. Changes to the tax laws (to include  the  foreign  sister  companies  into  the scope  of  the  above  thin  capitalisation  rules) came  into  force  from  2017.  Russian  transfer pricing rules are vague, generally leaving wide scope for interpretations by tax authorities and courts. There has been little guidance (although some court practice is available) as to how these rules should be applied.

Uncertainties or actions under Russian tax legislation  could  impact  negatively  on  companies  in which ENR has invested arising in tax obligations and could have a material adverse impact on their business, financial condition and value, which may impact negatively on ENR investments, the ENR NAV and/or the value of the ENR shares.

## Minority shareholders recourse against companies / their officers and directors in Russia

In  past  cases  some  minority  shareholders  in Russian companies have experienced difficulties in enforcing legal rights and have suffered losses  due  to,  for  example,  share  dilutions,  asset transfers and transfer pricing practices. Shareholders' meetings could also be irregularly conducted,  and  shareholder  resolutions  may  not always been respected by management. Shareholders have also suffered losses of control due to bankruptcies initiated by hostile creditors. Although  the  Federal  Law  on  Stock  Companies provides that shareholders owning not less than one percent of the company's shares may bring an action against members of the management, or board for damages incurred by the company, the concept of such fiduciary type duties of officers or directors to their companies or shareholders is recent to Russian law. Remedies for violations  of  minority  shareholder  rights  may still not be available in practice. ENR portfolio company rights may not be able to pursue legal redress  for  such  violations,  which  could  adversely impact the value of ENR's investments in these companies and impact negatively on the ENR NAV and/or the value of ENR shares. Although  the  Federal  Law  on  Stock  Companies provides that shareholders owning not less than one percent of the company's shares may bring an action against members of the management board for damages incurred by the company, the concept of such fiduciary type duties of officers or directors to their companies or shareholders is still relatively new to Russian law and derivative lawsuits by shareholders on behalf of the company are not possible. Russian courts do not

<!-- image -->

always have sufficient experience with respect to cases based on such causes of action so adequate  remedies  for  violations  of  minority shareholder rights may still not be available in practice. ENR portfolio company rights may be violated and their ability to pursue legal redress for such violations may be limited, which may adversely impact the value of ENR's investments in such companies and then may impact negatively on the ENR NAV and/or the value of ENR shares.

## Russian courts may force a Russian legal entity into liquidation based on formal non-compliance with Russian law

Some provisions of Russian law allow a court to order liquidation of a Russian legal entity on the basis  of  formal  non-compliance  with  requirements relating to the formation of the entity or during its operation. As for many other Russian companies,  ENR  portfolio  companies  (or  their subsidiaries) may inadvertently fail to fully comply with all applicable legal requirements. This may impact negatively on an ENR portfolio company and the ENR NAV and/or the value of ENR shares.

## Past  transactions  of  portfolio  companies  and

subsidiaries may be challenged under Russian law ENR's portfolio companies and subsidiaries may establish new business organisations, share issues,  share  acquisitions  and  disposals,  valuations of property and transactions, if successfully  challenged  by  state  authorities  and counterparties  (due  to  non-compliance  with technical legal requirements) could result in invalidation of the transactions or fines or possible liabilities. Russian law can be subject to dif- ferent  interpretations  and  there  can  be  no assurance that the companies would be able to successfully defend any such challenge brought against them. Invalidation of any transactions or actions or imposition of any fine or liability may have an adverse impact on ENR's investments. This may then impact negatively on the portfolio company and consequently on the ENR NAV and/or the value of ENR shares.

## Environmental risks in Russia

Companies in Russia are subject to environmental  requirements  and  compliance  with  health, safety and environmental laws and regulations and enforcement of these provisions could result in an adverse impact on the financial position  of  a  portfolio  company  (and  possibly  on ENR).  New  laws  and  regulations  may  require tougher requirements for environmental permits and licences, increasing enforcement or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations of licences or the discovery of previously unknown areas of contamination. This may require portfolio investment companies to incur additional expenditure to modify operations, install pollution  control  equipment,  perform  remediation, curtail or cease certain operations, or pay fees or fines for the discharge or other breaches of environmental  standards.  That  could  have  an adverse impact on the financial performance of the relevant portfolio company and on the ENR NAV and/or value of ENR shares.

<!-- image -->

## 3. Risk factors relating specifically to ENR

## Limited diversification

ENR may hold a portfolio investment/s, which, in its overall investment portfolio context, represents a relatively large part of the portfolio or represent a large part of a particular industry sector  or  asset  class.  Any  adverse  impact  on such an investment or the particular industry segment or a change in funding rates or terms could result in lower portfolio investment valuations and consequently could negatively impact ENR's NAV and/or its share price.

## Historical returns on investments should not be considered indicative of future results

The internal rate of returns ('IRR') relating to any current and/or past investment of ENR may not be achieved for future investments. Investors  should  not  assume  that  ENR,  for  investments, will achieve IRR's similar as for past investments. Investment returns are dependent on many factors such as changes in economic conditions in the markets of portfolio investments, competition, demand and supply factors, cashflows and financing, ability of management to successfully execute business plans and a range of  other  factors.  It  is  not  certain  if  ENR  may have access to similar investment opportunities as in the past and which may impact on future investment returns, the value of ENR's NAV and/ or its shares.

## Service providers

ENR outsources certain administrative and related  functions,  overseen  by  ENR.  ENR  or  its subsidiaries or the companies into which it has invested also retain third party investment and real estate asset managers and other experts to manage or provide certain services to ENR or its subsidiaries or portfolio companies pursuant to investment and real estate asset management and/or other service agreements. Some of these parties and/or its employees may have competing demands for their time for other funds or businesses managed by them. Although outside service providers are supervised and coordinated, oversight may become more challenging due to  changing reporting and regulatory compliance requirements and/or other factors. Also, ENR or its subsidiaries  or  the  companies  into which it has invested, at times may not be able to  retain  service  providers  on  market  related terms. ENR or its subsidiaries or companies into which it has invested also retain third party investment and real estate asset managers and other  experts  to  manage  or  provide  services. There is no certainty these services are always delivered up to required standards or on the termination of these agreements that a suitable replacement can be found. Should third parties not adequately perform services it could have an adverse impact on ENR's investments and/or its NAV or the value of ENR shares.

## Funding and investments

ENR may from time to time attract funding from investors (or  increase  its  capital  base)  for  investments. The amount of funding to be raised may be significant and any such funding and the subsequent utilisation thereof could change the  overall  investment  portfolio  composition, making comparisons against prior historical periods difficult. Factors such as the global finan-

<!-- image -->

cial crisis of 2008 and 2009, or the sharp downwards adjustment of world oil prices in 2014 and 2015 and early 2020 (impact of Covid 19 and the situation in Ukraine and its impact on economic activity), together with ruble depreciation may impact negatively on the Russian economy and will impact on the nature or and timing of any exit or value realisation from investments. Any sustained deterioration of the economic situation and/or investments and/or capital controls may also have an adverse impact on ENR, the ENR investments and ultimately on the value of ENR's NAV and/or shares. There is no certainty that ENR will be successful in the timing of any exit or value realisation from of its investments or be able to successfully navigate adverse market cycles and this may have an adverse impact on ENR's investments or the value of ENR shares or its NAV.

## Major shareholders

Major shareholders of ENR could influence decisions and resolutions at ENR shareholder meetings. Interests of shareholders, in certain cases, may differ  from  those  of  other  shareholders. This could result in potential disputes between shareholders and ultimately impact negatively on the ENR business, which may have a negative impact on the ENR shares.

## Preparation of ENR's financial statements require assumptions and estimates, and changes thereof may cause a material change in its results of operations or financial condition

The preparation of ENR's consolidated financial statements requires assumptions and estimates which impact on reported values of assets, lia- bilities, revenues and expenses and disclosures of contingent liabilities. For example, past experiences,  ruling  economic  conditions  and  the market environment, quoted prices, transactions involving third parties and/or independent valuations, are amongst the factors taken into account when considering carrying values of assets and liabilities.  Over  time,  carrying  values may fluctuate, which may have an adverse impact on ENR's results or financial condition and on the value of the ENR's NAV and/or shares.

## Subsidiary or portfolio companies may be subject to tax risks in jurisdiction of establishment

Any changes in tax laws or double tax treaties with jurisdictions where investment structures are based may materially impact on tax efficiencies and could result in additional tax liabilities, which ultimately may have an adverse impact on ENR's results or financial condition and on the value of the ENR's NAV and/or shares. Investments  are  held  via  subsidiary  companies where investment structures may, for example, take  the  form  of  corporate  entities,  partnerships, joint ventures or other appropriate vehicles. Changes in legislation in relevant jurisdictions could result in additional taxation or other negative consequences which could then impact negatively on ENR investments and/or the value of ENR's NAV and/or shares.

## Potential conflict of interests

ENR's board members, its employees, the investment and real estate asset manager or its employees and other parties performing administrative or related functions for ENR may have a direct or indirect interest in investments or po-

<!-- image -->

tential  investments.  Also,  the  investment  and real estate asset manager or other service providers will not provide services exclusively for ENR  and  may  either  manage  or  accept  new management mandates for assets of other institutional and/or private clients.

## Exit risks (see funding above)

ENR may invest in a range of different investments and situations  and  use  various  investment techniques and funding sources, all which will bear certain risks and special considerations. For  example,  investments  in  unlisted  investments will  generally  be  illiquid  whilst  investments in certain listed  equities  could  also  be relatively illiquid. External factors, such as sanction restrictions or local laws, such as restrictions on sale transactions could prevent trading or sale of investments at certain times. Therefore, ENR may not be able to optimally time the sale of investments and/or raise liquidity from sales and this could impact negatively on the ENR business and/or value of ENR shares and/or NAV.

## Valuation methods of illiquid investments could have a subjective element and the fair value of investments may not be realised

For private equity (including real estate investments)  and  certain  other  non-listed  investments,  there  may  be  no  readily  ascertainable market or other comparable prices. There may be times of extraordinary circumstances caused by regional or other conflicts or circumstances which can cause short or medium term adverse economic consequences or ruble depreciation or capital or other controls or restrictions. ENR will determine the value of investments taking ac- count of valuation methodologies such as those set out in the financial statements segment of this  annual  report  or  follow  other  recognised valuation approaches to best reflect values under  circumstances  such  as  those  mentioned above. Accordingly, values attributable to assets will be reflective of the valuation approach and may not be representative of eventual exit values.  Valuations  and  adverse  valuation  movements will have an adverse impact on the ENR NAV and may have such an impact on the value of ENR shares.

## Use of leverage to finance ENR's business may expose it to substantial risk

Should ENR or its group entities use borrowings to finance its investments or operations, it will be exposed to typical risks associated with use of leverage. This may lead to an increase in borrowing costs and/or a requirement to raise additional financing or refinancing. It may also not be  possible  to  refinance  loans  on  the  same terms and conditions which could result in higher funding costs and tougher loan conditions or even part or full loan redemptions where ENR may have to use cash resources on hand. There may also be times where sanctions or other regulatory rules make it challenging or limit refinancing alternatives. This could result in temporary  refinancing  delays  and  with  related consequences. This may have an adverse impact on ENR, ENR's investment companies or its business and/or the value of ENR shares or possibly also impact on credit ratings.

## Currency risk and funds transfer

ENR may invest in assets denominated in foreign currencies (other than Swiss Francs). The

<!-- image -->

value  of  such  investments,  cash  or  income, measured in CHF, may be negatively impacted by fluctuations in cross currency rates and by certain currency control regulations. This may have an adverse impact on the value of ENR's investments in CHF terms, the ENR NAV and/or the value of ENR shares. Portfolio companies earn revenues  in  currencies  other  than  CHF.  These risks could be mitigated by hedging strategies (considered from time to time). Hedging policies may not always have the desired results, which, in turn, may have an adverse impact on the ENR performance and its NAV and/or the value of ENR shares. The ruble may not always be freely convertible and the CBR, in the past, imposed certain currency control regulations. These regulations may impact on ENR's ability to convert rubles into other currencies or to make funds transfers abroad for use in operations or otherwise and any delay or difficulty in converting rubles into foreign currencies, or a delay or restriction  in  the  transfer  of  foreign  currency, could adversely impact ENR's ability to meet potential payment and debt obligations denominated in other currencies, which could result in disputes or impact debt serving obligations and/ or  impact  negatively  on  group  liquidity.  That may have an adverse impact on the ENR business, its NAV and/or the value of ENR shares.

## 4. Risk factors relating to private equity investments

## Market environment

The  market  and  economic  environment  influence the suitability and timing of private equity investments (including real estate investments)

and changes over time. For example, the global financial  crisis  of  2008  and  2009  caused  the Russian  economy  to  contract  markedly.  The same applies to 2014 and 2015 and in 2020 with a sharp decline in the price of oil prices and ruble depreciation negative growth in Russia with the COVID-19 pandemic and in 2022 with the impact resulting from the Ukraine situation. In such times it is very challenging for businesses (business models are stress tested; restructurings may be required; payment terms are renegotiated;  alternative  financing  arrangements and debt schedules are required; there are demand and supply pressures and supply chain constraints etc). Portfolio companies will face similar challenges and their value may be adversely effected and that impacts the value of ENR's NAV and/or shares. Periods of political, economic  or  regional  uncertainty  or  conflict could impact negatively on businesses, valuations and exits. Companies not publicly traded are not subject to the same disclosure and other investor protection requirements applicable to listed securities. The quality and availability of information may differ markedly and this may make companies difficult to assess or value or to sell and the risk of investing in such companies is generally greater than investing in listed or publicly traded companies. Consequently, it is not always possible to have certainty on the accuracy of information, which may result in some discrepancies which could cause an adverse impact on the portfolio company and/or the value of the ENR NAV and/or its shares.There can also be no assurances that portfolio companies and investments can be sold at prices above their acquisition costs and any failure to do so may

<!-- image -->

have  an  adverse  impact  on  the  ENR  business and/or the value of ENR NAV and/or its shares.

## Long term illiquid investments

Although investments may generate income returns, the return of capital and the realisation of gains (if any) to ENR generally occurs on partial or full disposal of such investment. For private equity investments (including real estate investments) such investments are held for a medium to long term duration. The exit usually takes place via a trade sale or in certain circumstances via a public market offering. Accordingly, there is no certainty ENR will exit from these investments in the short or medium term. ENR may be restricted via shareholder agreements or legislation from disposing its interest in the portfolio investment for a certain period. Potential trade sales or other exit  routes  may  not  always  be  appropriate  or readily available and depend on economic conditions,  demand  and  other  factors.  Accordingly, there is no certainty that ENR will exit from investments within a short or medium investment period. The timing of an exit and other factors can have an adverse impact on investment returns and the value of ENR NAV and its shares.

## Investments in less established companies

ENR may invest in smaller,  less  established  or start-up companies. These investments may involve greater risks than generally associated with investments in more established companies. Their valuations may have more volatility compared to established companies. Less established companies  also  have  fewer  resources  and  controls, sometimes inefficient capital structures, early- stage growth challenges and are more vulnerable to financial failure compared to established businesses. Due to shorter operating histories, earlystage businesses may also be more difficult to evaluate compared to established companies. Investments in companies who fail to successfully deal with early business cycle challenges could adversely  impact  on  the  ENR  portfolio  investments or its ENR NAV and/or its share values.

## No assurance of investment return or distribution

There is no assurance that ENR will be able to generate positive returns for its shareholders or that these returns will be commensurate with investment risks. There is also no assurance ENR will proceed with or make any distribution to its shareholders.

## Risk in introducing operational improvements

In some cases, the success of an investment in a private  company may depend, in part, on the ability  to  restructure  and/or  introduce  operational and/or structural improvements. This entails a high degree of uncertainty. There is no assurance it can be successfully achieved. That could have an adverse impact on ENR investment or the value of ENR NAV or its shares.

## Non-controlling investments

ENR may hold minority positions (in private equity investments with negative control and/or blocking rights for major decisions and matters impacting on the portfolio company business). It may not always be possible to secure blocking rights for every situation, which may result in potential conflicts or disputes with the portfolio

<!-- image -->

company, its executives or other shareholders. That may have an adverse impact on the business of the company and impact negatively on the  ENR  NAV  and/or  value  of  ENR  shares.  In Russia, it is not be always possible to optimally use minority shareholder protection rules, which may result in conflicts or disputes and have an adverse impact on the business of the company and could impact negatively on ENR and/or the value of the ENR NAV and/or shares.

## Investments in special situations or restructurings or workout situations

ENR may invest in special situations or restructurings that may involve anticipated unbundling processes.  In  certain  circumstances,  the  outcome may be different than anticipated and the portfolio  company  could  be  subject  to  bankruptcy proceedings. This may have an adverse impact on the ENR investment and/or the value of ENR shares or its NAV. ENR may have to deal with a workout situation for one of its investments and the outcome may be different than anticipated. This may have an adverse impact on the  ENR  investment  and/or  the  value  of  ENR shares or the ENR NAV.

## Additional capital or bank financing

Portfolio investments, especially in a development or a high growth phase, may require additional financing to satisfy their working capital commitments or  growth  objectives.  Should  a portfolio company not raise sufficient capital or lose the benefit of an existing preferential working capital arrangement or bank financing or do so on unfavourable terms or a capital raising re- sult in a dilution of ENR's interests in such company, it may have an adverse impact on the value of the investment and on the ENR NAV and/ or its shares.

## Reliance on portfolio company management

Portfolio company day-to-day operations will be done by the company's management team. Although there is regular interaction with management teams, there can be no assurance that the existing management team, or any successor, will be able to operate the portfolio company successfully and not doing so may have an adverse impact on ENR and/or the value of ENR shares or its NAV. The portfolio company may be highly dependent on a small group of key employees, who may be difficult to replace. There is no assurance that these staff could be retained, failing  which  the  portfolio  company  may  be negatively impacted, which could have an adverse  impact  on  ENR's  investment  and/or  the value of ENR's NAV and/or its shares.

## Accounting, governance, disclosure and regulatory standards and availability of information

Accounting,  governance  and  other  disclosure and reporting standards, practices and requirements for companies operating in Russia are not equivalent to those in more established markets and may differ in meaningful ways. Less transparency and information may be available for portfolio companies, and information could be less reliable than for comparable investments in developed economies. Incomplete or incorrect information may have an adverse impact on the value of ENR's NAV and/or its shares.

<!-- image -->

## Loan financing

ENR may invest in a portfolio company by providing loan financing on short-to-medium terms to assist the business to achieve agreed objectives or in anticipation of a possible future conversion into equity. There is no assurance that any such financing will be repaid or converted into equity and this may have an adverse impact on the ENR investment and/or the value of ENR's NAV and/or its shares.

## Due diligence process may not reveal all relevant facts related to investments

A due diligence investigation is conducted before investments are made in a private equity portfolio company. This process involves an indepth assessment of the business, its finances, tax, accounting, environmental and legal situation. ENR may also involve outside consultants, legal advisors, accountants and or other advisors in the process. There is no certainty that a due diligence will uncover all matters which may in future impact adversely on the portfolio company or that a satisfactory  due  diligence  will lead to a successful investment, and this may have an adverse impact on the value of the ENR investment and/or ENR's NAV and/or its shares.

## 5. Risks relating to ENR shares

## Illiquidity,  General  Market  Risks,  Volatility  of Market Price

There is limited liquidity of ENR's shares in the market and no indication that this situation will change over the short-to-medium term. Investors may not be able to trade out of large posi- tions within a short time frame. Factors such as changes in operational results and changes in general  conditions  in  the  market  or  overall economy may cause the price of ENR shares to fluctuate. The price of the shares may also be impacted  by  fluctuations  in  equity  markets around the world and fluctuations may adversely impact the market price of shares.

## Future sale of shares could impact the market price of the shares

As  no  shareholder  is  subject  to  a  lock-up  arrangement, shareholders are not contractually limited to dispose their shares on the market. This may result in a sale or sales of a block of or shares  in  the  market  by  a  major  shareholder which  could  potentially  adversely  impact  the prevailing market price for ENR shares.

## Valuation

The trading price of the shares may not reflect the ENR NAV and share trades may be executed at a price different to the actual or published NAV. There is currently no active share repurchase program in place.

## Diverse investor group

ENR shareholders may have different and conflicting expectations, perceptions, tax considerations and other interests. Conflicting interests may arise from amongst other things, the nature  of  investments  made by ENR, the timing and frequency of investments, the structuring of  investments  and  timing  of  exits  and  the mechanism used for potential distributions to shareholders. This could result in conflict be-

<!-- image -->

tween ENR and shareholders and may result in costly litigation. This could have an adverse impact on ENR and/or the value of the ENR shares.

## Dividends

Until  2015  ENR  did  not  pay  any  dividends.  In 2015 ENR made a CHF 29.60 million dividend distribution to shareholders and by doing so returned meaningful cash proceeds to shareholders whilst retaining resources to enable ENR to maintain  existing  commitments  and  continue pursuing potential new investments in accordance  with  its  investment  objectives.  Should there be no further dividend distributions, capital  appreciation,  if  any,  would  be  the  primary source of any financial gain for a shareholder from an investment in ENR shares.

## Currency Risk

ENR shares are traded in Swiss Franc. Shareholders who measure their investment performance in a currency other than the Swiss Franc, may be adversely impacted by adverse currency movements. ENR's assets may be invested in assets denominated in foreign currencies (i.e. other than Swiss Franc). Consequently, the value of such investments, cash or income, when measured in Swiss Franc may be negatively impacted by fluctuations in cross currency rates and potentially  also  by  certain  exchange  control regulations. This may have an adverse impact on the value of ENR investments in CHF, the ENR NAV and/or the value of ENR shares.

## Shareholders may not be able to participate in future equity offerings

Under Swiss law, holders of shares are generally given  the  right  to  subscribe  to  and  pay  for enough shares to maintain the same ownership ratio as prior to the issue of new shares or convertible bonds. shareholders in other jurisdictions may not be entitled to exercise their rights unless the rights and shares are registered or qualified for sale under the relevant legislation or regulatory framework. As a result, there is the risk that shareholders may face dilution of their shareholding should they not be permitted to participate in any future equity offerings.

<!-- image -->

## Financial Statements

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Report from External Real Estate Valuer: Petrovsky Fort

<!-- image -->

Room 276, Bldg. 2, 50 Aviamotornaya St., Moscow, 111024 tel +7 495 737 8000 www.dma-valuation.ru

GLYPH&lt;c=3,font=/UNWXPK+DejaVu#20Sans&gt;

1 February 2023

DMA Valuation LLC has been instructed to prepare valuation report regarding the following property:

Petrovskiy Fort office building (St. Petersburg).

We understand that the report is required  for purposes of reporting in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and insurance purposes. The date of valuation: 31 December 2022.

Our valuation has been carried out in compliance with the requirements of RICS Valuation -Global Standards (issued November 2021, effective from 31 January 2022).

Market Value is defined by the RICS Valuation - Global Standards as ' The estimated amount for which an asset or liability should exchange on the valuation date between a willing buyer and a willing seller in  an  arm's  length  transaction,  after  proper  marketing  and  where  the  parties  had  each  acted knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion '.

We valued  the  Market  Value  of  the  Property  as  at  31  December  2022  at  RUB2,793,330,000  (Two Billion Seven Hundred Ninety-Three Million Three Hundred Thirty Thousand Russian Roubles).

In  addition,  our  calculations  have  been  carried  out  and  are  presented  exclusive  of  VAT.  Our  report summaries our key assumptions, estimations and conclusions used in arriving at our opinion of Market Value. The purpose of the report is to present the basic facts and conclusions adopted in relation to the property in arriving at our opinions.

Finally,  and  in  accordance with our normal practice, we confirm that the report is confidential to the party to whom it is addressed for the specific purpose to which it refers. No responsibility whatsoever is accepted to any third party and neither the whole of the report, nor any parts, nor references thereto, may be published in any document, statement or circular, nor in any communication with third parties without our prior written approval of the form and context in which it will appear.

Yours faithfully

<!-- image -->

Dmitry Davydov MRICS General Director

For and on behalf of DMA Valuation LLC

49

<!-- image -->

## Independent Auditor's Report

<!-- image -->

## STATUTORY AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the General meeting of ENR Russia Invest SA, Geneva

## Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of ENR Russia Invest SA and its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and  the  consolidated  statement  of  comprehensive  income,  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in equity and consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion  the  accompanying consolidated  financial  statements  (pages 5 6  to  1 1 2) give  a  true and fair  view  of  the  consolidated  financial  position  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022 and  its consolidated  financial  performance  and  its  consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  then ended  in  accordance  with  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards  (IFRS),  Article  14  of  the Directive on Financial Reporting (DFR) of the SIX Swiss Exchange and comply with Swiss law.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law, International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) and Swiss Standards on Auditing (SA-CH). Our responsibilities under those provisions and standards are further  described  in  the  "Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated  Financial Statements" section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law, together with the requirements of the Swiss audit profession, as well as those of the International  Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants (including  International  Independence Standards) of the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Phone +41 22 322 24 24 www.bdo.ch geneve@bdo.ch

BDO Ltd Rte de Meyrin 123 P.O. Box 150 1215 Geneva 15

<!-- image -->

## Key Audit Matter

Phone +41 22 322 24 24 www.bdo.ch geneve@bdo.ch

BDO Ltd Rte de Meyrin 123 P.O. Box 150 1215 Geneva 15

## How the Key Audit Matter was addressed in the audit

## Valuation of the investment property "Petrovsky Fort"

As of 31 December 2022, the investment property "Petrovsky Fort" is valued at CHF 36,718,563 in the consolidated financial statements. This corresponds to 65 percent of the total assets as of 31 December 2022.

On  initial  recognition  (30  September  2014),  the investment  property  was  recognised  at  cost.  For subsequent  measurement,  it  is  recorded  at  fair value and changes are recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. The  fair  value  is  determined  on  the  basis  of  an independent third party valuation.

In  our  view,  this  key  position  was  of  particular importance  due  to  the  associated  discretionary powers  and  estimates  of  the  management  and external experts.

The  valuation  techniques  used  are  subjective  in nature and involve key assumptions concerning the pricing  factors.  These  key  assumptions  include occupancy rate, future rental cash flows, capitalisation rates and discount rates. The use of different valuation techniques  could result in different estimates of fair value.

ENR  Russia  Invest SA explains the significant accounting policies applied in notes 8 and 12.4 of the annual report. Please also refer to note 15.5 to the consolidated financial statements.

We have examined the valuation on the basis of the report  from  an  independent  real  estate  expert.  We assessed the objectivity, independence and expertise of the valuation specialist.

With  the  support  of  real  estate  specialists  with experience of the Russian market, we have verified the appropriateness  of  the  valuation  method  and  the underlying  assumptions  used.  We  also  assessed  the adequacy  of  the  input  factors  used  on  the  basis  of supporting documentation. These input factors included  rent,  occupancy  rate,  interest  rates  and expected  maintenance  costs.  In  addition,  the  real estate expert compared the valuation to recent real estate transactions in St Petersburg.

We also focused on the correct application of IFRS 13 and  IAS  40  and  the  adequacy  of  disclosures  in  the annual  report  in  connection  with  this  investment property.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Phone +41 22 322 24 24 www.bdo.ch geneve@bdo.ch

BDO Ltd Rte de Meyrin 123 P.O. Box 150 1215 Geneva 15

| Key Audit Matter  How the Key Audit Matter was addressed in the  audit  ## Valuation  of  the  loans  to  Kaluga  Flower Holding LLC  The Group acquired a 50 percent interest in Kaluga Flower  Holding  LLC  (KFH)  in late  2019.  KFH subsequently  acquired  a  greenhouse  facility  for flower growing in Kaluga Oblast in Russia through a public auction.  The  Group  granted  loans  for  a  total  value  of CHF 9,669,913  and  accrued  interest  for  a  total value of CHF 2,882,666 to Kaluga Flower Holding LLC  which  are  presented  as  accounts  receivable and accrued interest in the consolidated financial statements.  The  loans  were  used  by  KFH  to purchase a greenhouse facility in a public auction and for capital and operational expenses. In 2021 the loans were converted into promissory notes and were pledged for KFH to obtain loan facilities. This corresponds to 22 percent of total assets as of 31 December 2022.  In  our  view,  this  key  position  was  of  particular importance due to the development phase of the project and the judgement basis included in the impairment analysis performed by management.  The  Group  explains the accounting principles applied  in  notes  9  and  17  of  the  consolidated financial statements.  We  have  assessed  the  underlying  information  and supporting  documentation  for  the  recording  of  the loans.  We  confirmed  the  IFRS  classification  as  Financial assets at amortised cost as per IFRS 9.  We have also reviewed the assumptions by Management and the calculations made  in  assessing the need for impairment of the loans. We assessed the adequacy  of  the  input  information  used  for  the valuation  and  revaluation  analysis,  which  include financial  statements,  budget  and  long-term  business plan.  We  have  also  assessed  presentation  in  the  annual report and the adequacy of disclosures in relation with the impairment review of the loans by the management.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Information

The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements, the  stand-alone  financial  statements  of  the  Company,  the compensation  report  and  our  auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with  the  consolidated financial  statements,  or our  knowledge obtained  in the  audit or  otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

<!-- image -->

Phone +41 22 322 24 24 www.bdo.ch geneve@bdo.ch

BDO Ltd Rte de Meyrin 123 P.O. Box 150 1215 Geneva 15

## Responsibilities of the Board of Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, which give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS, Article 14 of the Directive on Financial Reporting (DFR) of the SIX Swiss Exchange and the provisions of Swiss law, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Board of Directors is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Swiss law, ISAs and SA-CH will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to  influence  the  economic  decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these  consolidated  financial statements.

A  further  description  of  the  auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements is located at EXPERTsuisse's website at: https://www.expertsuisse.ch/en/audit-reportfor-ordinary-audits. This description forms part of our auditor's report.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In accordance with Art. 728a para. 1 item 3 CO and PS-CH 890, we confirm that an internal control system exists,  which  has  been  designed  for  the  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements according to the instructions of the Board of Directors.

We recommend that the consolidated financial statements submitted to you be approved.

Geneva, 3 April 2023

BDO Ltd

<!-- image -->

Nigel Le Masurier Licensed audit expert Auditor in Charge

Olivier Griot Licensed audit expert

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Net Asset Value and Attributable Net Asset Value

| 31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Following IFRS  presentation  Representing the  existing  shareholders'  economic interest  Following IFRS  presentation  Representing the  existing  shareholders'  economic interest  Assets  Treasury stock  -  1,103,041  -  1,108,654  Cash, investments and other assets  56,447,065  56,447,065  59,124,461  59,124,461  Total assets  56,447,065  57,550,106  59,124,461  60,233,115  Liabilities  Total liabilities  14,762,618  14,762,618  18,323,249  18,323,249  Shareholders' Equity  Treasury stock - at cost  - 2,370,696  -  - 2,370,696  -  Remaining Equity  44,055,143*  42,787,488*  43,171,908*  41,909,866*  Total shareholders' equity  41,684,447  42,787,488  40,801,212  41,909,866  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  56,447,065  57,550,106  59,124,461  60,233,115  Number of shares outstanding  2,644,402  2,644,402  Net asset value per share  16.18**  15.85**  Attributable net asset value per share  16.18**  15.85**  Number of treasury shares  70,168  70,168   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Net of a CHF 29.95 million dividend paid in July 2015

** Net of a CHF 11.50 per share dividend paid in July 2015

## Note

The net asset value ('NAV') per share is calculated in Swiss Francs as the aggregate of the value of all investments and treasury shares less the aggregate amount of the liabilities and accrued expenses divided by the total number of shares issued.

The main differences between the NAV calculation and the International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") based Shareholders Equity relate to the calculation of treasury shares and reclassifying out of shareholders' equity.

Attributable NAV per share is the consolidated NAV, less the aggregate value of any minority interests, reflecting  the  economic  value  attributed  to  shareholders,  divided  by  the  total  number  of  shares issued.

## Consolidated Results

The consolidated shareholders' equity, based on IFRS representation, at the end of the 2022 reporting period amounted to CHF 41.68 million (2021: CHF 40.80 million). The consolidated net profit for the 2022 year is CHF 0.18 million (2021: consolidated net profit of CHF 3.34 million). The consolidated accumulated deficit as of 31 December 2022 is CHF 12.43 million (31 December 2021: CHF 12.61 million) (see consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2022).

## Parent Company

At 31 December 2022 the parent company recorded shareholders' equity of CHF 47.56 million (2021: CHF 47.52 million). The net profit for the 2022 year is CHF 0.03 million (2021: net profit of CHF 0.18 million). The retained loss as of 31 December 2022 amounted to CHF 0.02 million (2021: retained loss of CHF 0.2 million).

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated Financial Statements

## Consolidated statement of financial position

(in CHF)

| Note  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Assets  Current Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  16  495,567  579,234  Accounts receivable and accrued interest  17  242,261  193,356  Investments at fair value through profit or loss  15.1  318,540  4,981,913  Total Current Assets  1,056,368  5,754,503  Non-Current Assets  Accounts receivable and accrued interest  17  16,940,767  15,507,450  Investment in associates  18.3  132  130  Investment property  15.5.1  36,718,563  36,195,465  Goodwill  21  1,731,235  1,666,913  Total Non-Current Assets  55,390,697  53,369,958  Total Assets  56,447,065  59,124,461  Liabilities  Current Liabilities  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  20.2  1,911,952  4,228,990  Loans from banks  20.1  10,910,165  399,235  Income tax liabilities  20.4.2  37,083  18,930  Other current liabilities  22  163,464  179,153  Total Current Liabilities  13,022,664  4,826,308  Non-Current Liabilities  Loans from banks  20.1  -  11,465,175  Financial lease liabilities: Investment property  20.3  1,382,938  1,343,735  Deferred tax liabilities, net  20.4.1  354,175  657,996  Provisions  20.5  2,841  30,035  Total Non-Current Liabilities  1,739,954  13,496,941  Total liabilities  14,762,618  18,323,249  Shareholders' Equity  Share capital  23.1  32,790,585  32,790,585  Capital paid in excess of par value (share premium)  31,922,676  31,922,676  Treasury stock  23.2  -  2,370,696  - 2,370,696  Accumulated deficit  -  12,437,493  - 12,614,217  Cumulative translation adjustment  6.2; 6.3  -  8,220,625  - 8,927,136  Total shareholders' equity  41,684,447  40,801,212  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  56,447,065  59,124,461  Number of shares issued and fully paid-in  23.1  2,644,402  2,644,402  Nominal value (in CHF)  12.40  12.40   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 60 to 112 are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

(in CHF)

| Note  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Gross rental income  15.5.2  4,771,216  3,887,515  Operating costs, land lease and tax  15.5.2  - 1,496,996  - 1,194,927  Net rental income  15.5.2  3,274,220  2,692,588  Fair value adjustment on investment property  15.5.1  -  611,568  Interest income  17.1  1,322,546  1,179,718  Dividend income  -  39,883  Commission income  32,460  -  Other income  68,304  42,948  Realised and unrealised profit / (loss) on investments through profit or loss, net  15; 15.1  -  291,547  Foreign exchange result  24  1,652,111  1,401,331  Release of provisions  21  32,069  12,022  Release of impairments  19  2,146  319,234  Total income and financial result  6,383,856  6,590,839  Expenses and value adjustments  Fair value adjustment on investment property  15.5.1  - 1,881,610  -  Realised and unrealised loss on investments through profit or loss  15; 15.1  -  1,488,346  -  Finance cost  15.5.2  - 693,412  - 699,548  Management fees  25.2  - 717,381  - 604,248  Staff remuneration  25.4.1  - 718,568  - 722,862  Professional fees  27.1  - 423,560  - 415,827  Legal fees  27.2  - 31,995  - 51,350  Other expenses  27.3  - 76,713  - 95,445  Directors' fees and expenses  25.3  - 75,000  - 150,000  Audit fees  26  - 120,092  - 100,500  Information technology  27.4  - 44,142  - 50,612  Administrative costs  27.5  - 31,480  - 45,163  Travel expenses  - 14,821  - 21,015  Impairment losses  19  - 240,096  Tax other than on income  - 3,392  - 2,501  Total expenses and value adjustments  -  6,560,608  -  2,959,071  (Loss) / Gain for the year before taxes  -  176,752  3,631,768  Taxes  20.4.3  353,476  - 295,958  Gain for the year after taxes  176,724  3,335,810  Attributable to  Equity holders of the Company  176,724  3,335,810  Other comprehensive income  Cumulative translation adjustment (net of tax) **  whereof related to fully consolidated subsidiaries (see "Consolidated changes in Equity", page 59)  706,511  709,146  Total comprehensive profit / (loss) for the year (net of tax)  883,235  4,044,956  Attributable to  Equity holders of the Company  883,235  4,044,956  Earnings per share for profit attributable to equity holders during the period  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Time-weighted average number of outstanding shares  14  2,574,234  2,574,234  Basic earnings per share (in CHF)  14  0.069  1.296  Diluted earnings per share (in CHF)  14  0.069  1.296   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 60 to 112 are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

** Will be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss when specific conditions are met

-

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated cash flow statement (in CHF)

| 31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Consolidated cash flow statement  Gain / (loss) before tax  -  176,752  3,631,768  Adjustments for:  Impairments  205,881  -  319,234  Realised and unrealised result on investments through profit or loss, including exchange  profit / (loss)  1,914,551  -  879,592  Fair value change on investment property  1,881,610  -  616,363  Other non-cash income and expenses  -  572,161  829,603  Operating profit / (loss) before working capital changes  3,253,129  2,646,182  Movement in working capital:  Investment portfolio movement, net  3,338,790  1,928,302  Change in accounts receivable and accrued interests  -  1,620,872  -  2,793,606  Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses  -  2,366,060  312,050  Taxes paid  -  365  -  14,586  Net cash flow from operating activities  2,604,622  2,078,342  Cash Flows from Investment Activities  Investments in investment property  -  893,536  -  489,094  Acquisition of subsidiaries and business activities  -  -  128  Interest received  7,748  117,801  Dividends received  -  39,883  Net cash flow (used in) / from investment activities  -  885,788  -  331,538  Cash Flows from Financing Activities  Increase / (Decrease) in short term debts  10,858,297  -  16,025  (Decrease) / increase in long term debts  -  1 1,994,365  -  944,150  Interest paid  -  671,656  -  677,223  Net cash flow (used in) financing activities  -  1,807,724  -  1,637,398  Foreign currency translation effects on cash and cash equivalents  5,223  8,539  Net change in cash and cash equivalents  -  83,667  117,945  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period  579,234  461,289  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  495,567  579,234   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 60 to 112 are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated statement of changes in equity

(in -CHF)

| Share capital  Share premium  Treasury stock  Cumulative  translation  adjustment  Retained earnings  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  Shareholders  Balance as at 1 January 2021  32,790,585  31,922,676  -  2,370,696  -  9,636,282  -  15,950,027  36,756,256  36,756,256  (Loss) for the year after tax  -  -  -  -  3,335,810  3,335,810  -  3,335,810  Other comprehensive income / (loss)  -  -  -  709,146*  -  709,146  -  709,146  Total comprehensive (loss) for the year  -  -  -  709,146 *  3,335,810  4,044,956  -  4,044,956  Balance as at 31 December 2021  32,790,585  31,922,676  -  2,370,696  -  8,927,136  -  12,614,217  40,801,212  -  40,801,212  Balance as at 1 January 2022  32,790,585  31,922,676  -  2,370,696  -  8,927,136  -  12,614,217  40,801,212  40,801,212  Profit for the year after tax  -  -  -  -  176,724  176,724  -  176,724  Other comprehensive income / (loss)  -  -  -  706,511*  -  706,511  -  706,511  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  706,511*  176,724  883,235  -  883,235  Balance as at 31 December 2022  32,790,585  31,922,676  -  2,370,696  -  8,220,625  -  12,437,493  41,684,447  -  41,684,447   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Due to cumulative translation adjustments (net of tax) arising from Group subsidiaries denominated in currencies other than the Group presentation currency, i.e. Swiss Franc. The notes on pages 60 to 112 are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2022

(in-CHF)

## 1  Incorporation and activity

ENR Russia Invest SA (the "Company" or 'ENR') was founded on 18 May 2007 for an unlimited duration. On 25 May 2007 it was registered with the Commercial Register of the Canton of Geneva under the reference number CH-660-1263007-3 (LEI number: 549300YZZWAR230IMD33) and the Company name 'ENR Russia Invest SA'. The Company is incorporated as a limited company by shares under the laws of Switzerland. The Company's registered office is Rue du Rhône 118, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland. The Company is trading under Swiss security number 3447695 with ISIN number of the shares CH0034476959 and the ticker symbol of the shares is RUS.

The 2022 consolidated financial statements have been approved by the Board of Directors on 3 April 2023, subject to the approval of the 2023 General Assembly of the Company.

## 2  Basis for the presentation of the consolidated financial statements

The consolidated financial statements represent the audited consolidated financial statements for the 2022 financial year ended 31 December 2022 of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the 'Group') and are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS'). The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires the exercise of judgment in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the Consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 12 Critical accounting estimates and judgements.

## 2.1  Accounting policies

The consolidated financial statements of ENR Group have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and comply with the provisions of the listing regulations of the Swiss Stock Exchange, SIX Swiss Exchange.

The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are consistent with those followed in the preparation on previous year's Group consolidated financial statements. The 'release of provisions' and the 'release of impairments/(impairments)' presented outside the operational result in the past are now part of the operational result. The comparative information of the previous period for the income statement were reclassified accordingly.

<!-- image -->

The following table shows the changes applied in the comparative figures for the previous reporting report :

| in CHF  01.01-31.12.2021  Adjustments  01.01-31.12.2021  before  adjustement  after  adjustment  Release of provisions  -  12,022  12,022  Release of impairment  -  319,234  319,234  Total income  6,259,583  331,256  6,590,839  Total expenses  -  2,959,071  -  -  2,959,071  Release of provisions  12,022  - 12,022  -  Reversal of impairments / (impairments)  319,234  - 319,234  -  Gain for the year before taxes  3,631,768  -  3,631,768  Gain for the year after taxes  3,335,810  -  3,335,810   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consolidation is based on the individual financial statements of the Group companies prepared in accordance with uniform accounting principles. The consolidated financial statements are presented in Swiss Francs (CHF).

## 2.2  Implemented IFRS and interpretations

## 2.2.1 Amendments to IAS 16 Plant and Equipment:

Proceeds before Intended Use Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use amends IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment. The amendments prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of property, plant and equipment amounts received from selling items produced while the entity is preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, an entity will recognise such sales proceeds and related costs in profit or loss.

## 2.2.2 Amendments to IAS 37 Onerous Contracts - Costs of Fulfilling a Contract

The amendments clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous, the cost of fulfilling the contract includes both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts.

## 2.2.3 Other new standards and interpretations

The following new and revised standards and interpretations had no material impact on the financial statements of the Group at the time of their first application or were of no significance to it:

<!-- image -->

- Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020; and
- Reference to the Conceptual Framework - Amendments to IFRS 3.

## 2.2.4 Standards and interpretations not yet implemented

Various new and revised IFRS and interpretations should be applied for financial years beginning after 1 January 2023. ENR Group has not early adopted these revised standards and interpretations (see following)  and  based  on  analyses  to  date,  it  does  not  expect  any  material  overall  effects  of  these provisions.

- Amendments to IAS 8 : "Definition of Accounting Estimates" amends IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors. The amendments introduced the definition of accounting estimates and included other amendments to help distinguish changes in accounting estimates from changes in accounting policies.
- Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 : "Disclosure of Accounting Policies" amends IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2 "Making Materiality Judgements". The amendments replace the requirement to disclose significant accounting policies with the requirement to disclose their material accounting policy information. The amendments also include guidance to help applying the definition of material in making decisions about accounting policy disclosures.

## 2.2.5 Other not yet implemented standards and interpretations

- Amendments to IFRS IAS 12 : Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction;
- Amendments to IFRS IFRS 17 : Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, Comparative information.

## 3  Consolidation principles

## 3.1  Subsidiaries

The consolidated financial statements comprise the accounts of ENR Russia Invest SA, Geneva, Switzerland, and its subsidiaries as of 31 December 2022. A controlling relationship is deemed to exist if the following conditions are met cumulatively: the Group has power over the other company; it is exposed to variable returns from its involvement with the other company; and it has the ability to affect the amount of those returns through its control over the other company. If the Group does not hold a ma-

<!-- image -->

jority of the voting rights of an investee, it takes into account all the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether control exists. These include, among others, contractual arrangements with other parties holding voting rights or rights arising from other contractual arrangements. If the facts and circumstances indicate a change in one or more of the three control elements, the Group will reassess whether it has control over an investee. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins at the date the Group obtains control over that subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control over a subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income, and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the reporting period are included on the balance sheet and in the statement of comprehensive income from the date the Group obtains control of the subsidiary until date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary. If the Group loses control over a company, any retained interest is recognised as an investment in an associate or as a financial instrument under IFRS 9.

The Consolidated financial statements comprise ENR and the following subsidiaries:

## Fully Consolidated Companies

| Nominal value  Nominal value  of share capital  of share capital  Name of subsidiary  Incorporated in  Currency  2022  % Voting  Currency  2021  % Voting  ENR Investment Limited  Limassol, Cyprus  EUR  6,576,660  100.00%  EUR  6,576,660  100.00%  ENR Private Equity Limited  Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands  USD  500  100.00%  USD  500  100.00%  Stainfield Limited  Limassol, Cyprus  EUR  3,420  100.00%  EUR  3,420  100.00%  ENR Development LLC  Saint Petersburg, Russia  RUB  15,535,100  100.00%  RUB  15,535,100  100.00%  Petrovsky Fort LLC  Saint Petersburg, Russia  RUB  18,000  100.00%  RUB  18,000  100.00%  Romsay Properties Limited  Limassol, Cyprus  EUR  1,710  100.00%  EUR  1,710  100.00%  Eastern Property Partners II  Limited Partnership  Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands  USD  67,831,133  100.00%  USD  67,831,133  100.00%  EPP GP Limited  Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands  USD  50,000  100.00%  USD  50,000  100.00%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no change in the scope of consolidation during 2022 (2021: none).

## 3.2  Investments in associates and joint ventures

Group companies over which the Group can exercise a significant influence are accounted for using the equity method and are recorded under associated companies. As a rule, influence is considered significant if the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. The Group's investments in a joint ventures are accounted for under joint ventures in ac-

<!-- image -->

cordance with the equity method. The considerations made in determining significant influence or joint control are comparable with those necessary to determine control over subsidiaries.

## Investment in associates and joint venture

| Nominal value  Nominal value  of share capital  of share capital  Name of subsidiary  Incorporated in  Currency  2022  % Voting  Currency  2021  % Voting  Vestive Limited  Nicosia, Cyprus  EUR  5,000  50.00%  EUR  5,000  50.00%  Inkonika LLC  Moscow, Russia  RUB  16,510,836  50.00%  RUB  16,510,836  50.00%  LLC Kaluga Flower Holding  Kaluga, Russia  RUB  64,010,000  50.00%  RUB  64,010,000  50.00%  Florentika Management  Company LLC  Kaluga, Russia  RUB  20,000  50.00%  RUB  20,000  50.00%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.3  Business combinations

The acquisition of an investment in an associated company or a joint venture must be recognised and measured analogously to majority ownership in accordance with IFRS 3. The purchase price must be compared with the value of the investor's share (after revaluation) of the associated company or joint venture in order to identify any necessary adjustments and any positive or negative goodwill (bargain purchase). In contrast to IFRS 3, under the equity method all adjustments and goodwill positions are reported as a separate balance sheet item under Associated companies or under Joint ventures. Any negative goodwill position is recognised as income under Income from business combinations (negative goodwill). Subsequently, the carrying amount of the associated company is increased or decreased depending on the Group's share in the profit or loss for the period of the associated company or joint venture, minus dividends received and foreign exchange translation differences.

## 3.4  Goodwill

Goodwill is measured as the difference between the sum of the fair value of consideration transferred plus the recognised amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the recognised amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. In accordance with IFRS 3, goodwill is carried as an asset and allocated to the corresponding cash-generating unit ("CGU"). It is subject to an impairment test at least annually or more often if there are indications of a potential decrease in value. For this purpose, the carrying amount of the CGU to which goodwill was allocated is compared with its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of the fair value of the CGU less costs to sell and its value in use. Fair value less costs to sell is the amount that could be realised by the sale of a CGU in a transaction at market conditions between knowledgeable, willing parties after deduction of the sales costs. The value in use is the present value of future cash flows a CGU is expected to generate. Should the carrying amount of the CGU exceed the recoverable amount, a goodwill adjustment charge

<!-- image -->

is recognised in the income statement. Specific circumstances resulting in the accounting treatment of goodwill are described in note 21.

## 4  Gain or loss on investments

Purchases or sales of financial assets requiring delivery of assets within a time frame set by regulation or convention in the market (regular trades) are recognised on the settlement date. Gain or loss on investments include changes in the fair value of financial assets and liabilities held for trading or designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss and excludes interest and dividend income and expenses. Unrealised gains and losses comprise changes in the fair value of financial in struments for the period and from reversal of prior period's unrealised gains and losses for financial instruments which were realised in the reporting period. Realised gains and losses on disposals of financial instruments classified as at fair value through profit or loss are calculated using the average cost price method. They represent the difference between an instrument's carrying amount and disposal amount, or cash payments or receipts made on any derivative contracts (excluding payments or receipts on collateral margin accounts for such instruments).

## 5  Revenue recognition

The Group applies IFRS 15. Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer and excludes amounts collected on behalf of third parties with the exception of service charges and expenses recharged to tenants at investment properties, which are recognised in the period in which the expense can be contractually recovered and are included gross of the related costs in revenue for Petrovsky Fort LLC as it is considered acting as principal in this respect.

The Group recognises revenue for each contract with a client if the following criteria are met:

- the parties to the contract have approved the contract and are committed to perform their respective obligations;
- the Group can identify each party's rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred;
- the Group can identify the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred;
- the contract has commercial substance (i.e. the risk, timing or amount of the Group's future cash flows is expected to change as a result of the contract); and
- it is probable that the Group will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer.

In evaluating whether collectability of an amount of consideration is probable, the Group considers only the counter party's ability and intention to pay that amount of consideration when it is due. In the

<!-- image -->

eventuality of a price concession the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled is considered to be less than the price stated in the contract.

## 6  Foreign currency translation

## 6.1  Transactions and balances

Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currencies of the Group's companies at the ruling exchange rates on the date of the transaction. At the balance sheet date, all monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are converted to the functional currencies using the closing exchange rate. Non-monetary items measured at historical cost are converted at the exchange rate on the date of the transaction. The following exchange rates are used for the major currencies:

| 31.12.2022  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  31.12.2021  Balance Sheet  date rates  Annual average  rates  Balance Sheet  date rates  Annual average  rates  EUR/CHF  0.9839  1.0022  1.0339  1.0798  USD/CHF  0.9233  0.9537  0.9127  0.9137  CHF/RUB  79.0514  69.8934  82.1018  80.8625   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.2  Functional and presentation currency

Upon consolidation, assets and liabilities of foreign operations are converted into CHF at the closing exchange rate on the balance sheet date and income and expense items are translated at monthly ruling exchange rates for the prior month. The resulting foreign currency translation differences represents a cumulative translation adjustment ("CTA") attributable to ENR's shareholders, recognised directly within equity (forming part of total equity attributable to ENR's shareholders), whereas CTA differences attributable to non-controlling interests are shown within equity attributable to non-controlling interests. As subsidiaries and associate companies of the Group use different functional currencies than the Group's presentation currency (i.e. Swiss Franc), the cumulative amount of the exchange rate differences from the translation of those entities functional currencies to the Group's presentation currency is presented in accordance with IAS 21 as a separate component of equity, and in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in the sub-segment other comprehensive income.

The Group's consolidated financial statements are presented in CHF which is also the parent company's functional currency. For each entity the Group determines the functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. The Group uses the direct method of consolidation and on disposal of a foreign operation, the gain or loss that is re-

<!-- image -->

classified to profit or loss reflects the amount that arises from using this method. The financial statements of the wholly-owned subsidiaries and the Company are maintained in CHF, ruble and USD as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Incorporated in  Currency  ENR Investment Limited  Limassol, Cyprus  CHF  ENR Private Equity Limited  Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands  CHF  Stainfield Limited  Limassol, Cyprus  USD  ENR Development LLC  Saint Petersburg, Russia  RUB  Petrovsky Fort LLC  Saint Petersburg, Russia  RUB  Romsay Properties Limited  Limassol, Cyprus  RUB  Eastern Property Partners II Limited Partnership  Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands  USD  EPP GP Limited  Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands  CHF   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.3  IAS 21: Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates Application of IAS 21.32 (net investment in a foreign operation) to the Group

Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the reporting entity's net investment in a foreign operation are recognised, in the consolidated financial statements that include the foreign operation in other comprehensive income; they will be recognised in profit or loss on disposal of the net investment. The Group assesses regularly its internal group loans and identifies any loans to be qualified as net investment in a foreign operation. The following tables provide an overview of the effects on the consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the reporting and comparative period.

## Consolidated statement of financial position - impact of IAS 21.32

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Cumulative translation adjustment before IAS 21.32 reassessment  -  9,126,521  - 9,756,704  Impact of IAS 21.32  905,896  829,568  Cumulative translation adjustment - position as at 31 December  -  8,220,625  - 8,927,136   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Impact on the Consolidated statement of comprehensive income - impact of IAS 21.32

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Foreign exchange result before IAS 21.32 reassessment  2,558,007  2,230,899  Impact of IAS 21.32  -  905,896  - 829,568  Foreign exchange result  - position as at 31 December  1,652,111  1,401,331  in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Gain / (loss) for the year after tax before IAS 21.32 reassessment  1,082,620  4,165,378  Impact of IAS 21.32  -  905,896  - 829,568  Gain / (loss) for the year after tax - position as at 31 December  176,724  3,335,810   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7  Determination of fair value

The Group measures some of its financial instruments and financial liabilities as well as individual nonfinancial assets at fair value on each balance sheet date. Fair value is defined as the value that would be generated in an orderly transaction between market participants at the time of valuation upon sale of an asset or upon transfer of an obligation. Fair values are determined either to determine the balance sheet value or for disclosure purposes in the notes. All assets and liabilities carried at fair value or for which disclosure of fair value is made in the notes are classified in the following fair value hierarchy.

## 7.1  Level 1 instruments

Level 1 instruments are those financial instruments whose fair value is based on quoted prices in active markets. This category comprises almost all equity and debt instruments held by the Group. Investment funds for which a binding net asset value is published at least daily, exchange-traded derivatives and precious metals are also categorised as level 1 instruments. Closing prices are used for the valuation of debt instruments in the trading book. For equity instruments, listed investment funds and exchangetraded derivatives, the closing or settlement prices of the relevant exchanges are used. For unlisted investment funds, the published net asset values are used. For currencies and precious metals, generally accepted prices are applied. No valuation adjustments were made for level 1 instruments.

## 7.2  Level 2 instruments

Level 2 instruments are financial instruments whose fair value is based on quoted prices in markets that are not active. The same categorisation is used where the fair value is determined using a valuation method where significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. This category essentially

<!-- image -->

comprises forex and interest-rate derivatives as well as illiquid debt instruments and investment funds for which a binding net asset value is not published on a daily basis. If no active market exists, the fair value is determined based on generally accepted valuation methods. If all the significant inputs are directly observable in the market, the instrument is deemed to be a level 2 instrument. The valuation models consider contract specifications, market price of the underlying asset, the foreign exchange rate, the corresponding yield curve, default risks, and volatility. The valuation of interest rate instruments for which no quoted prices exist is carried out using generally recognised methods. For the valuation of OTC derivatives, generally recognised option pricing models and quoted prices in markets that are not active, are used. In the case of investment funds, the published net asset values are used. The credit risk is only considered when market participants would take it into account when determining prices.

## 7.3  Level 3 instruments

If at least one significant input cannot be observed directly or indirectly in the market, the instrument is classified as a level 3 instrument. These essentially comprise equity instruments and/or investment funds for which a binding net asset value is not published at least quarterly. The fair value of these positions is based on the estimates of external experts or on audited financial statements. Where possible, the underlying assumptions are supported by observed market quotes. The Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation at the end of each reporting period. The categorisation of the financial instruments and financial liabilities in the described fair value hierarchy is shown here below. For non-financial assets that are recorded at fair value or for which a fair value must be disclosed, the information on the determination of the fair value and the categorisation level can be found in the corresponding notes.

For assets and liabilities recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, it is determined whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing the categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the beginning of each reporting period. The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the investment is categorised in its entirety is determined on the basis of the lowest level input significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Assessing the significance of a particular input to such a fair value measurement requires judgment and considering observable factors related to the asset or liability. The determination of what constitutes observable factors also requires significant judgment by the Group. The Group considers observable data to be that market data that is readily available, regularly distributed or updated, reliable and verifiable, not proprietary, and provided by independent sources that are actively involved in the relevant market.

<!-- image -->

The following tables show the fair value hierarchy the Group's financial assets and liabilities and investment properties measured at fair value at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021:

## As of 31 December 2022:

in CHF

Financial assets, and investment properties at fair value through profit or loss at inception:

- Investments at fair value through profit or loss

- of which equity instruments

- of which fixed income

- Financial assets at fair value

- Total Financial assets, (liabilities) at fair value through profit or loss at inception

- Investment property

- Total Financial assets and investment property at fair value through profit or loss at inception

## As of 31 December 2021:

Level 1

318,540

171,117

147,423

-

318,540

-

318,540

Level 2

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Level 3

-

-

-

-

-

36,718,563

36,718,563

Total

318,540

171,117

147,423

-

318,540

36,718,563

37,037,103

-

| in CHF  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Financial assets, (liabilities) and investment properties at fair value through profit or loss  at inception:  - Investments at fair value through profit or loss  1,751,096  -  3,230,817  4,981,913  - of which equity instruments  293,270  -  3,230,817  3,524,087  - of which fixed income  1,457,826  -  -  1,457,826  - Financial assets at fair value  -  -  -  - Total Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss at inception  1,751,096  -  3,230,817  4,981,913  - Investment property  -  -  36,195,465  36,195,465  - Total Financial assets and investment property at fair value through profit or loss at  inception  1,751,096  -  39,426,282  41,177,378   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following tables show the movement in level 3 investments for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021:

## As of 31 December 2022:

| CHF  Opening balance  39,426,282  - Transterm Holdings Cyprus Ltd: set-off against non repayable loans (see notes 15.1 and 15.2)  -  3,175,027  - Transterm Holdings Cyprus Ltd: (realised loss) (see note 15.1 )  -  154,589  - Transterm Holdings Cyprus Ltd: fair value adjustment  (see note 15.1 )  98,800  - Investment property: Investments  (see note 15.5.1 )  893,535  - Investment property: Fair value adjustment (see note 15.5.1 )  -  1,881,610  - Investment property: Foreign currency translation  1,511,172  Closing balance  36,718,563  Total (loss) for the year included in the statement of comprehensive income  for assets and liabilities held at the end of the year  -  889,275   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## As of 31 December 2021:

| CHF  Opening balance  37,050,409  - Financial assets at fair value  -  88,073  - Transterm Holdings Cyprus Ltd: fair value adjustment  111,506  - Investment property: Investments  489,094  - Investment property: Fair value adjustment  611,568  - Investment property: Foreign currency translation  1,251,778  Closing balance  39,426,282  Total gain / (loss) for the year included in the statement of comprehensive income  for assets and liabilities held at the end of the year  1,124,095   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7.4  Other unobservable factors

Investments in Commonwealth of Independent States ("CIS") countries could be volatile and investment valuations may be influenced by a wide variety of factors. From a macroeconomic perspective, world commodity price movements, particularly crude oil and gas, impact on economic and business performance in many CIS countries. Other factors include, but are not limited to, changing supply and demand relationships, government, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs and policies, national and international political and economic events, changes in interest rates, liquidity in markets, currency exchange movements and new tax regimes. From time to time governments may intervene in certain markets or introduce policies to strengthen their participation in a market. Developments in the macroeconomic environment in those jurisdictions where the Group has investments are monitored to identify market risks in time to consider appropriate steps to take in respect of investments. Legal frameworks are developing in CIS countries and have not achieved the same levels of structure, independence and certainty as in more developed economies.

## 8  Investment property

Investment property comprises completed property and property under construction or re-development held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Property held under a lease is classified as investment property when the definition of an investment property is met. The lease obligation is recognised under IFRS 16 at fair value of the interest in the leasehold property. Investment property is measured initially at cost including transaction costs. Transaction costs include transfer taxes, professional fees for legal services and initial leasing commissions incurred to ensure that the property is operational. The carrying amount also includes the costs for replacing parts of an existing investment property at the time when the cost is incurred if the recognition criteria are met.

<!-- image -->

Subsequent to initial recognition, investment property is stated at fair value. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values are included in the income statement in the year in which they arise. Investment property is derecognised when it has been disposed of or permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of investment property are recognised in the income statement in the year of retirement or disposal. Gains or losses on the disposal of investment property are determined as the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying value of the asset in the previous full period financial statements. The investment property is recognised in the Consolidated statement of financial position under 'investment property' and the gains and losses from changes in the fair values are recognised in the position 'fair value adjustment on investment property'.

The fair value of real estate investment properties is determined by independent real estate valuation experts using recognised valuation techniques in compliance with the requirements of RICS (Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors) valuation standards (Global Standard 2017). These techniques may comprise of the 'yield method' and/or the 'discounted cash flow method' within the income approach. The determination of the fair value of a real estate investment property requires the use of estimates such as future cash flows from assets (including lettings, tenants' profiles, future revenue streams, capital values of fixtures and fittings, plant and machinery, any environmental matters and the overall repair and condition of the property) and discount rates applicable to those assets. Future revenue streams, inter alia, comprise contracted rent (passing rent) and estimated rental income ("ERV") after the contract period. In estimating ERV, the potential impact of future lease incentives to be granted to secure new contracts is taken into consideration. All these estimates are based on local market conditions at the reporting date or thereafter, if appropriate. The method of valuation, which was applied by the valuer calculates the investment property value as an amount a rational, third party could afford to bid or pay for the investment property given the highest and best use of the asset. For all investment property that is measured at fair value, the current use of the property is considered the highest and best use.

The yield method converts anticipated future cash flow benefits in the form of rental income into present value. This approach requires an estimation of future benefits and the application of investor yield or return requirements. One approach to value the property on this basis is to capitalise net rental income on the basis of an equivalent yield, which represents the 'overall' rate of return on a reversionary investment and is therefore the 'weighted average' yield, reflecting the rent change and term length, adjusted for any factors not included in net rental income, such as vacancy, lease incentives, refurbishment, etc. The discounted cash flow method involves the projection of a series of periodic cash flows to an operating property. To projected cash flow series, an appropriate, market-derived discount rate is applied to achieve an indication of the present value of the income stream associated with the prop-

<!-- image -->

erty. The periodic cash flow is typically estimated as gross rental income less vacancy and collection losses and less operating expenses/outgoings and investment costs. A series of periodic net operating incomes, along with an estimate of the reversion/terminal/exit value (which uses the traditional valuation approach) anticipated at the end of the projection period, are discounted to present value. The aggregate of the net present values equals the market value of the property.

Third party real estate valuation expert DMA Valuation LLC ('DMA') (valuation team of JLL who no longer has a presence in Russia) performed the valuation of Petrovsky Fort. DMA's key assumptions were rental rates at which space can be leased out (i.e. ERV, equivalent yield and future occupancy levels). Changes in the assumptions used could impact on the reported fair value of Petrovsky Fort.

DMA advised that had the vacancy rate increased by 5%, the valuation would decrease from ruble 2.79 billion to ruble 2.74 billion (2021 valuation: if the vacancy rate increased by 5%, the year-end 2021 valuation would have decreased from 2.86 billion ruble to 2.82 billion ruble ). DMA also advised that had the ERV decreased by 5% the 2022 valuation would decrease from 2.79 billion ruble to 2.66 billion ruble  (2021 valuation: if ERV had decreased by 5% the valuation would decrease from 2.86 billion ruble to 2.73 billion ruble).

For the investment property, significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are shown in the next table.

| Property  Fair value  as of 31 December 2022  Valuation technique  Key unobservable inputs  Petrovsky Fort  2'793'330'000 ruble  Income capitalisation  ERV *  12'750 ruble  Discount rate  15.00%  Capitalisation rate  10.50%  Property  Fair value  as of 31 December 2021  Valuation technique  Key unobservable inputs  Petrovsky Fort  2'861'390'000 ruble  Income capitalisation  ERV *  12'730 ruble  Discount rate  14.25%  Capitalisation rate  10.25%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*      Per square meter

<!-- image -->

## 9  Financial instruments

## 9.1  Basic principle

The Group recognises a financial asset or a financial liability in its statement of financial position according to IFRS 9 when, and only when, the entity becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. A regular way purchase or sale of financial assets is recognised using the settlement date that is the date that an asset is delivered to or by the Group.

## 9.2  Classification of financial assets

Under IFRS 9, on initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost, FVOCI-debt investment, FVOCI-equity investment ("FVOCI" - fair value through other comprehensive income) or FVTPL (fair value through profit and loss). The classification of financial assets under IFRS 9 is generally based on the business model in which a financial asset is managed and its contractual cash flow characteristics. Derivatives embedded in contracts where the host is a financial asset in the scope of  the  standard  are  never  separated.  Instead,  the  hybrid  financial  instrument  is  assessed  for classification.

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as of FVTPL:

- it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and
- its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

A debt investment is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as of FVTPL:

- it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and
- its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

<!-- image -->

## 9.3  Initial measurement

On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the investment's fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis. All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as of FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise. A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component that is initially measured at the transaction price) is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition.

## 9.4  Subsequent measurement of financial assets

The following accounting policies apply to the subsequent measurement of financial assets:

## 9.4.1  Financial assets at FVTPL

These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognized in the consolidated income statement.

## 9.4.2  Financial assets at amortised cost

These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in the consolidated income statement.

## 9.4.3  Debt investments at FVOCI

These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in OCI are reclassified into the consolidated income statement.

<!-- image -->

## 9.4.4  Equity investments at FVOCI

These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised as income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net gains  and  losses  are  recognised  in  OCI  and  are  never  reclassified  into  the  consolidated  income statement.

## 9.4.5  Derivative financial instruments

The Group's derivatives are subsequently remeasured at fair value with all their gains and losses, realised and unrealised, recognized in the consolidated income statement unless they qualifying as a hedging relationship.

## 9.5  Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities

After initial recognition, the Group measures a financial liability at amortised cost except for financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss including derivatives that are liabilities and are measured at fair value.

## 9.6  Impairment of financial assets (impairment model)

IFRS 9 uses an expected credit loss ("ECL") model. The impairment model applies to financial assets measured at amortised cost, contract assets and debt investments at FVOCI, but not to investments in equity instruments. Under IFRS 9, loss allowances are measured on either of the following ways:

- 12-month ECLs: these are ECLs that result from possible default events within the 12 months after the reporting date; and
- lifetime ECLs: these are ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.

The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs for all categories. When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group's historical experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.

<!-- image -->

The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than 30 days past due. The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

- the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligation to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or
- the financial asset is more than 90 days past due.

The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

## 9.7  Measurement of ECLs

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset. At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt securities at FVOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

## 9.8  Presentation of impairment

Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the assets. For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in OCI, instead of reducing the carrying amount of the asset. Impairment losses related to due from third parties and other receivables and on other financial assets are presented under finance costs and not presented separately in the statement of profit or loss and OCI due to materiality considerations.

## 9.9  Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities

The Group derecognises a financial asset when, and only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or it transfers the financial asset. The Group removes a financial liability (or a part of a financial liability) from its statement of financial position when, and only when, it is extinguished, i.e. when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or cancelled or expires.

<!-- image -->

## 10  Leases

## 10.1  Definition of a lease

The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition of a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group assesses whether:

- the contract involves the use of an identified asset, which may be specified explicitly or implicitly, and should be physically distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a physically distinct asset;
- the Group has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset throughout the period of use; and
- the Group has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Group has this right when it has the decision-making rights that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. In rare cases where the decision about how and for what purpose the asset is used is predetermined, the Group has the right to direct the use of the asset if, (i) either the Group has the right to operate the asset; or (ii) designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose it will be used.

## 10.2  As a lessee

The Group recognises right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases, with a term of more than 12 months, unless the underlying asset is of low value. When measuring lease liabilities, the Group discounts lease payments using the lease implicit rate or if this rate could not be readily determined, its incremental borrowing rate at the time of the new lease agreement conclusion. As a lessor, the Group classifies its leases as operating leases or finance leases and accounts for those two types of leases in different ways.

## 10.3  As a lessor

The Group accounts for its leases from the date of entering into a new agreement. The corresponding income is recognised in the income statement position 'Gross rental income'. Revenue recognition is described in note 5.

## 11  Taxes

## 11.1  Current taxes

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of taxes enacted or substantially enacted at the balance sheet date within countries where the Group operates.

## 11.2  Deferred taxes

Deferred tax is provided for, using the liability method on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted at the balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled. Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, except where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not be reversed in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current income tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority. Changes in deferred taxes are reported in the income statement under taxes.

## 12  Critical accounting estimates and judgments

## 12.1  Basic principle

In applying the accounting principles, management is required to make numerous estimates and assumptions which can influence the disclosures made in the consolidated statement of financial position, consolidated statement of comprehensive income and notes. Actual results can deviate from estimates.

## 12.2  Exception of consolidation for investment entities

Management assessed if the Company meets the definition of an investment entity according to IFRS 10.27 where the definition of an investment entity comprises three elements, being an entity that (a) obtains funds from one or more investors for the purpose of providing those investor(s) with invest-

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

ment management services; (b) commits to its investor(s) that its business purpose is to invest funds solely for the return of capital appreciation, investment income or both; and (c) measures and evaluates the performance of substantially all of its investments on a fair value basis. ENR exhibits typical characteristics mentioned in IFRS 10.28, namely (a) it has more than one investment; (b) it has more than one investor; (c) it has investors that are not related parties of the entity: this applies to the non-controlling shareholders and public free float; and (d) it has ownership interests in the form of equity or similar interests. However, management considered the application guidance as per Appendix B of IFRS 10 in light of all facts and circumstances relevant to the Company as is required by IFRS 10 B85A and concluded that ENR is not an investment entity in accordance with IFRS 10. The application guidance related to the business purpose states in IFRS 10B85F that one feature that differentiates an IFRS defined investment entity from other entities is that the investment entity does not plan to hold its investments indefinitely. Since investments in equity instruments and non-financial assets have the potential to be held indefinitely an investment entity shall have an exit strategy documenting how it plans to realise capital appreciation from substantially all its equity instruments and non-financial asset investments. As there is no clearly defined and documented exit strategy for investments and currently do stated exit plans related to Petrovsky Fort, Turgenevskya parking garage and the Kaluga Flower buisiness, management considered the guidance related to exit strategies as the single most important factor in its conclusion why it does not meet the investment entity definition of IFRS 10. Another significant aspect to consider in making this assessment is the potential to generate long-term attractive net rental and other income and excess cash with the aforementioned investments where a significant part of results may not be linked to only capital appreciation or depreciation.

## 12.3  Real Estate Investment Property

Real estate investment property is a long-term asset class where hold periods are usually for longer than five years and investment decisions are made with a long-term perspective. During the holding period the underlying economy may accelerate or slow-down markedly for certain periods. At a particular valuation date, even though medium to longer term real estate fundamentals may be attractive, prevailing economic or political conditions could present an unrealistic picture of sustainable future rental rates when comparing current rates to rates that could be achievable over the medium to longer term. These market factors are uncertain and may impact the fair value attributed to real estate investment property, which may differ from the realisable value.

## 12.4  Fair value of investment property and financial instruments

The fair value of investment properties and financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (e.g. building and land or private equity investments) is determined by using various valuation tech-

<!-- image -->

niques. The Group management uses its judgment to select a variety of methods and makes assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at each balance sheet date.

## 12.5  Measurement of ECL (Expected Credit Losses) impairment allowance

Allowance for financial assets measured at amortised costs are based on key assumptions in determining the weighted-average loss rate.

## 12.6  Value adjustments on credit positions

Various factors can influence the value adjustment estimates for credit positions. These factors include changes in borrowers' credit ratings, loan collateral valuations and the expected scale of loss. Management determines how high the value adjustment needs to be based on the present value of the expected future cash flows. In order to estimate the expected cash flows, management must make assumptions regarding the financial situation of the counterparty and the estimated recoverable amount of collateral.

## 12.7  Joint-ventures

## 12.7.1  LLC Kaluga Flower Holding

The Group owns 50% stake in LLC Kaluga Flower Holding and 50% in Florentika Management Company LLC (see notes 17.3;18.2 and 31.2). The remaining 50%, in each case, is held by another investor. According to the corporate charters and the shareholder agreements, both shareholders must vote together for any major decision to pass. Therefore, the Group does not have control over LLC Kaluga Flower Holding or Florentika Management Company LLC, which are classified as joint-ventures. LLC Kaluga Flower Holding and Florentika Management Company LLC are accounted for using the equity method based on the financial reporting provided by them as of 31 December 2022.

<!-- image -->

## 12.7.2  Vestive Limited

The Group owns 50% stake in Vestive Limited, which, in turn, owns and operates the Turgenevskaya parking garage in Moscow through a Russian company, Inkonika LLC. 50% of Vestive is held by two other investors. According to the shareholder agreement, at least one of the two shareholders must vote together with the Group for any major decision to pass. Therefore, the Group does not have control over Vestive, which is classified as an associated company. Vestive's liabilities consist mainly of loans from shareholders and exceed Vestive's assets, resulting in negative equity. As there is no obligation for shareholders to make additional contributions, the negative equity and any changes thereto are not included in the consolidated financial statements. The impairment test is based on the development in value of the parking garage, which materialises on adjustment of the receiveables (i.e. the loans) to Vestive (see notes 17.2 and 18.1).

## 12.8  Income taxes

The current tax obligations reported as of the balance sheet date and the current tax expenses resulting for the reporting period are based in part on estimates and assumptions and can therefore deviate from the amounts determined in the future by the tax authorities. Deferred taxes are calculated at the tax rates which are expected to be applicable in the accounting period in which the assets will be realised or the liabilities settled. Changes in the expected tax rates and any unexpected reduction in the value of the Goodwill (related to the acquisition structure of the Investment Property) can have a significant effect on the income statement.

## 12.9  Uncertainty over income tax treatment

When there is uncertainty over income tax treatment, The Group considers whether it is probable that the relevant tax authority will accept each tax treatment. If the entity concludes that it is not probable that a particular tax treatment will be accepted, the entity has to use the most likely amount or the expected value of the tax treatment when determining taxable profit (or tax losses), tax bases, unused loss carry forwards and tax rates.

## 13  Financial risk management

The Group's risks at the end of the period under review are concentrated in its listed and unlisted portfolio positions. In respect of private equity portfolio companies, the Company is in regular contact and meets up on a regular basis with their senior management. This ensures that the Group is aware of potential operational risks which may arise for these companies to be able to endeavor to introduce appropriate measures to mitigate such risks.

## 13.1  Currency risk

Investments are usually not denominated in Swiss Francs, the presentation currency of the Group, which could if necessary consider financial derivative transactions to protect the net assets against unfavorable currency fluctuations.

## As of 31 December 2022

in

| CHF  CHF  USD  EUR  RUB  Total  Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  39,486  1,436  18,035  436,610  495,567  Accounts receivable and accrued interest  13,481  960,250  -  16,209,297  17,183,028  Investments at fair value through profit or loss  25,000  122,423  -  171,117  318,540  Investment in Associates  -  1  -  131  132  Investment property  -  -  -  36,718,563  36,718,563  Goodwill  -  -  -  1,731,235  1,731,235  Total assets  77,967  1,084,110  18,035  55,266,953  56,447,065  Liabilities  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  973,184  12,487  3,114  923,167  1,911,952  Loans from banks  -  -  10,910,165  -  10,910,165  Income tax liability  657  -  36,426  -  37,083  Other current liabilities  103,529  -  -  59,935  163,464  Financial lease liabilities  -  -  -  1,382,938  1,382,938  Deferred tax liabilites, net  -  -  -  354,175  354,175  Provisions  -  -  -  2,841  2,841  Total liabilities  1,077,370  12,487  10,949,705  2,723,056  14,762,618  Net position per currency  - 999,403  1,071,623  -  10,931,670  52,543,897   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

If at 31 December 2022 the exchange rate between the USD and EUR and CHF had increased or decreased by 5% and by 30% with the RUB with all other variables held constant, the increase or decrease respectively in NAV would amount to :

| USD  EUR  RUB  Increase of exchange rate - impact on the assets in CHF  53,581  -  546,584  15,763,169  Decrease of exchange rate - impact on the assets in CHF  -  53,581  546,584  -  15,763,169   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## As of 31 December 2021

| in CHF  CHF  USD  EUR  RUB  Total  Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  2,853  15,901  228,176  332,304  579,234  Accounts receivable and accrued interest  33,646  977,489  -  14,689,671  15,700,806  Investments at fair value through profit or loss  507,250  4,181,393  -  293,270  4,981,913  Investment in Associates  -  1  -  129  130  Investment property  -  -  -  36,195,465  36,195,465  Goodwill  -  -  -  1,666,913  1,666,913  Total assets  543,749  5,174,784  228,176  53,177,752  59,124,461  Liabilities  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  287,364  3,063,956  3,076  874,594  4,228,990  Loans from banks  7,150  1,200  11,856,053  7  11,864,410  Income tax liability  57  18,873  -  -  18,930  Other current liabilities  130,287  2,784  200  45,882  179,153  Financial lease liabilities  -  -  -  1,343,735  1,343,735  Deferred tax liabilites, net  -  -  -  657,996  657,996  Provisions  -  -  -  30,035  30,035  Total liabilities  424,858  3,086,813  11,859,329  2,952,249  18,323,249  Net position per currency  118,891  2,087,971  -  1 1,631,153  50,225,503  If at 31 December 2021 the exchange rate between the USD and EUR and CHF had increased or decreased by 5% and by 30% with the RUB with all other variables held constant, the increase or decrease respectively in NAV would amount to :  USD  EUR  RUB  Increase of exchange rate - impact on the assets in CHF  104,399  - 581,558  15,067,651  Decrease of exchange rate - impact on the assets in CHF  - 104,399  581,558  - 15,067,651   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.2  Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk of the Group not having sufficient liquid funds available to meet its short-term payment obligations. The table below shows the maturity bands based on the earliest contract and maturity, discarding assumptions about the possibility of individual cash flows.

<!-- image -->

## As of 31 December 2022

in CHF

| On demand  Up to 1 year  1-5 years  Over 5 years  Total  Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  75,025  420,542  -  -  495,567  Accounts receivable and accrued interest  7  238,528  16,944,493  -  17,183,028  Investments at fair value through profit or loss  318,540  -  -  -  318,540  Investment in Associates  -  -  -  132  132  Investment property  -  -  -  36,718,563  36,718,563  Goodwill  -  -  -  1,731,235  1,731,235  Total assets  393,572  659,070  16,944,493  38,449,930  56,447,065  ## Liabilities  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  -  1,911,952  -  -  1,911,952  Loan from bank  -  10,910,165  -  -  10,910,165  Income tax liability  -  37,083  -  -  37,083  Other current liabilities  105,453  58,011  -  -  163,464  Financial lease liabilities  -  -  -  1,382,938  1,382,938  Deferred tax liabilites, net  -  -  -  354,175  354,175  Provisions  -  -  2,841  -  2,841  Total liabilities  105,453  12,917,211  2,841  1,737,113  14,762,618   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## As of 31 December 2021

in CHF

| On demand  Up to 1 year  1-5 years  Over 5 years  Total  Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  579,234  -  -  -  579,234  Accounts receivable and accrued interest  9,517  183,843  15,507,446  -  15,700,806  Investments at fair value through profit or loss  1,751,097  -  3,230,816  -  4,981,913  Investment in Associates  -  -  -  130  130  Investment property  -  -  -  36,195,465  36,195,465  Goodwill  -  -  -  1,666,913  1,666,913  Total assets  2,339,848  183,843  18,738,262  37,862,508  59,124,461  ## Liabilities  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  3,048,440  1,180,550  -  -  4,228,990  Loan from bank  8,337  390,899  11,465,174  -  11,864,410  Income tax liability  -  18,930  -  -  18,930  Other current liabilities  121,300  57,853  -  -  179,153  Financial lease liabilities  -  -  33,476  1,310,259  1,343,735  Deferred tax liabilites, net  -  -  -  657,996  657,996  Provisions  -  -  30,035  -  30,035  Total liabilities  3,178,077  1,648,232  11,528,685  1,968,255  18,323,249   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 13.3  Market risk

The Company's exposure to market risk for changes in market prices relates primarily to listed shares or fixed income instruments that may be held within the fair value through profit or loss category. The Group generally does not use any derivative financial instruments to hedge its market risk. Fixed income instruments are listed in note 15.1 to the consolidated financial statements. A description of the corporate issuers of fixed income instruments in the portfolio is provided under the 'Portfolio Investments' section of the annual report. Issuers are in the 'Financial Services' sector. Market risk for fixed income instruments can be described as the risk that the bond market as a whole would decline (or similarly impacted by external factors, such as sanctions), bringing the value of individual securities down regardless of their fundamental characteristics. For the sensitivity analysis refer to note 13.5 'Interest rate risk'.

For private equity related investments the Group bears the risk that they may be realised only after several years and that their fair value may change significantly. Management, from time to time, performs a sensitivity analysis of its unlisted private equity portfolio to assess the impact of a possible market correction. To illustrate: if the value of the loans in the Turgenevskaya parking garage for the 50% interest changed by 25%, the impact on the income statement would be CHF 0.89 million (2021: CHF 0.94 million). If the value of the loans to the Kaluga Flower business (measured to net CHF carrying value of the loans in the 2022 consolidated financial statements) changed by 25% the impact on the income statement would be CHF 3.14 million (2021: CHF 2.55 million). The shift of 25% was determined by Management with reference to potential volatility as experienced in past periods by the private equity industry.

Should listed equities (note 15.1) devaluate by 30%, it will result in a loss of CHF 0.05 million (2021:loss of CHF 0.09 million). The shift of 30% was determined by Management with reference to potential volatility as experienced in the past on listed exchanges.

## 13.4  Credit risk

The Group is exposed to credit risk, which is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the other party by failing to discharge an obligation. The main concentration to which the Group is exposed to arises from the Group investments in fixed income instruments. The credit risk also arises from rent and other receivables from tenants and accounts receivable in general. The Group is also exposed to counter party credit risk on any trade of derivative products, cash and cash equivalents and other receivables balances as well as to the amounts which may be received. The Group's policy to manage this risk has been to, where possible, invest in fixed income instruments with

<!-- image -->

investment ratings. The fixed income portfolio may contain some unrated instruments (see note 15.1 for fixed income investments). Credit risk as it relates to rent payments at the Petrovsky Fort business center is managed by requiring tenants to pay rentals in advance (and make rent deposits). There are policies in place to monitor exposure to non-payment of rents by tenants, including pre-screening prior to signing leases, careful monitoring of rental receipts, and collection of rents or terminate leases before receivables become substantial. The creditworthiness of counter-parties is considered prior to entering into an agreement. As for cash balances, they are deposited with credible banks. The maximum exposure to credit risk before any credit enhancements at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 is the carrying amount of the financial assets as set out below.

| in  CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Cash and cash equivalents  495,567  579,234  Fixed income instruments  147,423  1,457,826  Transterm Holdings Cyprus Ltd  -  3,230,817  Accounts receivable and accrued interest  17,183,028  15,700,806  Total  17,826,018  20,968,638   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None of these assets are past due or impaired.

## 13.5  Interest rate risk

The exposure to interest rates is limited to the portfolio of fixed income instruments and interest payable under the loan facility from UniCreditbank in respect of the loan towards Petrovsky Fort (see note 20.1).

The interest rate risk inherent to fixed income instruments is not hedged at year-end 2022. Management regularly performs a sensitivity analysis of its fixed income portfolio to assess the impact of a possible correction due to changes of interest rates. The interest rate sensitivity is calculated given an interest rate movement of +/- 500 basis points across all maturities of the fixed income portfolio. The resulting figure shows the potential effect in such a scenario on the Consolidated statement of comprehensive income. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group would have incurred a loss of CHF 0.02 million (2021: CHF 0.11 million) in case of +500 basis point increase. For the investment in Petrovsky Fort, there is an interest rate risk related to bank debt at variable interest rates in respect of the UniCreditbank loan. Variable rate loans expose the Group to increased interest payment risk. The loan from UniCreditbank is issued at a fixed margin plus a variable 3 months Euribor rate.

<!-- image -->

## 13.6  Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt. At year-end 2022, total liabilities on the balance sheet comprised CHF 14.76 million (2021: CHF 18.32 million) compared to total assets of CHF 56.45 million (2021: CHF 59.12 million). Compared to shareholders' equity as shown in the Consolidated statement of financial position, net debt at year-end 2022 is covered 2.8 times (2021: 2.2 times).

## 13.7  Taxation risks

Russian tax legislation is subject to frequent change and some of the laws related to Russian taxes continue to evolve. Co-investment agreements under which parties to a real estate investment agreement with the municipal authorities can accept investor financing, and ultimately register initial ownership of the properties to the investor, are not clearly defined in the tax code. Differing interpretations of tax regulations exist both among and within government ministries and organisations at the federal, regional and local levels, leading to uncertain and inconsistent enforcement. Taxes are subject to review and investigations by a number of authorities enabled by law to impose fines and penalties. Amendments to the Russian tax legislation were passed in past years aimed at combating tax evasion through the use of low-tax jurisdictions and aggressive tax planning structures. In particular, those amendments include definitions of the concepts of beneficial ownership and tax residence of legal entities at their actual place of business, and an approach to the taxation of controlled foreign companies.  Also the court practice with respect to certain tax issues, including the application of thin capitalisation rules to the loans from foreign sister companies, meaningfully changed in tax authorities' favor and may create potential tax risks for the Group's Russian based entities.

## 14  Earnings per share attributable to equity holders of the ENR Russia Invest SA

Earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net income for the period by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period.

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Earnings per share basic and diluted  Net profit attributable to equity holders  CHF  176,724  CHF  3,335,810  Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding  2,574,234  2,574,234  Basic and diluted earnings per share  CHF  0.069  CHF  1.296   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average number of outstanding shares set out in the table above comprise of the issued shares less the treasury shares.

<!-- image -->

## 15  Investment Portfolio and Other Receivables designated at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

in CHF

| 31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Fair value of trading portfolio assets at beginning of the period  4,981,913  6,601,995  Investment Portfolio Movement for the Period  Purchase of investments  -  674,621  Sale of investments  -  3,175,027*  - 2,586,250  Net realised (loss) /profit on disposal of investments  -  154,590  242,183  Net investment portfolio movement for the period  -  3,329,617  -  1,669,446  (Decrease) / increase in fair value  -  1,333,757  49,364  Fair value of portfolio at the end of the period  318,540  4,981,913  - of which investments at fair value through profit or loss  318,540  4,981,913  The investment portfolio is represented as follows on the Consolidated statement of financial posi-  tion:  Designated as Fair Value Through Profit or Loss:  Listed equity securities and bonds held for trading  318,540  1,751,096  Unlisted equity securities and fixed income instruments held for trading  -  *  3,230,817  Total designated as fair value through profit or loss  318,540  4,981,913  Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  318,540  4,981,913  (Loss) / profit  on investments at fair value through profit or loss  Realised net (loss) / profit and foreign exchange impact  -  154,590  242,183  Changes in fair value (decrease) / increase and foreign exchange impact  -  1,333,756  49,364  Total  -  1,488,346  291,547   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* See Notes 15.1 'Details of investments at fair value through profit or loss', 15.2 'Transterm Holdings Cyprus Limited' and Note 20.2 'Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses: Current and non -current'

<!-- image -->

## 15.1  Details of investments at fair value through profit or loss

| in CHF  Balance as of 01.01.2022  Listed equity securities  Quantity  CHF  Reg Shs SEVERSTAL PAO  15,000  293,270  Sub-total: Listed equity securities  293,270  Fixed income  VTB Capital SA 4.0725% , 24.10.2024, BOND  500,000  507,250  VTB EURASIA LIMITED 9.5 %, (perpetual), BOND  1,000,000  950,576  Sub-total: Fixed income  1,457,826  Private equity  TRANSTERM HOLDINGS CYPRUS LTD - ordinary shares  9,310,000  3,230,817  Sub-total: Private equity  3,230,817  Total investments at fair value through profit and loss  4,981,913  Total investments  -  4,981,913   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* See Note 15.2 'Transterm Holdings Cyprus Limited' . The amount represents the carrying value of the non-repayable loans which were set-off against the book value of the asset. Also see Note 20.2 'Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses: Current and non-current' . The remaining balance of CHF 0.15 million shown in the realised losses column represents the amount written off for the Transterm investment. The CHF 0.09 million was a froreign exchange gain for the year.

<!-- image -->

| Movement in period (CHF)  Realised (CHF)  Changes in fair value (CHF)  Balance as of 31.12.2022  Purchases and  Additions  Sales, Redemp-  tions and  Withdrawals  Gains  Losses  Gains  Losses  Quantity  CHF  -  -  -  -  -  -  122,153  15,000  171,117  -  -  -  -  -  -  122,153  171,117  -  -  -  -  -  -  482,250  500,000  25,000  -  -  -  -  -  -  828,153  1,000,000  122,423  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,310,403  147,423  -  -  3,175,027*  -  -  154,590*  98,800  -  -  -  -  -  3,175,027  -  -  154,590  98,800  -  -  -  -  3,175,027  -  -  154,590  98,800  -  1,432,556  318,540  -  -  3,175,027  -  -  154,590  98,800  -  1,432,556  -  318,540   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 15.1.1  Illustration of profit and losses shown in the statement of comprehensive income

-

-

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Realised profit on fixed income investments at fair value through profit and loss  -  13,631  Realised profit on private equity instruments at fair value through profit and loss  -  Realised (loss) on private equity instruments at fair value through profit and loss  -  154,590  Realised profit on listed equity investments at fair value through profit and loss  -  241,832  Realised (loss) on listed equity investments at fair value through profit and loss  -  -  13,280  Realised (loss) on sale of investments through profit and loss, net  -  154,590  -  242,183  Unrealised  (loss) / profit on private equity and listed equity instruments  -  23,353  178,542  Unrealised (loss) on fixed income instruments  -  1,310,403  -  41,105  Unrealised (loss) on financial assets at fair value  -  -  88,073  Unrealised (loss) / profit on investments through profit and loss, net  -  1,333,756  49,364   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15.2 Transterm Holdings Cyprus Limited

In the past Transterm used loan distributions to distribute proceeds to its shareholders as it did not have sufficient distributable reserves to allow for dividends. These loans were only repayable at the election of the borrower and were included as 'Accounts payable and accrued expenses'- see Note 20.2 (but were not repayable and did not carry any interest as they would be set off in a Transterm capital reduction). This capital reduction was implemented in 2022. Accordingly, as show in table 15.1 and in note 20.2 'Accounts payable and accrued expenses' these loans were fully set-off against the asset value of Transterm, and the remaining net asset value of Transterm of CHF 0.15 million was written-off as no further proceeds from this investment is expected.

## 15.3  Fixed income instruments

Details of fixed income instruments are set out in the table under note 15.1. During the reporting period no fixed income instruments were sold (2021: CHF 0.83million). At year-end the aggregate fair value attributed to fixed income instruments was CHF 0.15 million (2021: CHF 1.46 million).

## 15.4  Listed equities

Details of listed equities are set out in the table under note 15.1.  At 31 December 2022, the aggregate value of these listed equities was CHF 0.17 million (2021: 0.29 million).

<!-- image -->

## 15.5  Investment Property (Petrovsky Fort business center in Saint-Petersburg, Russia)

## 15.5.1  Carrying value

The following table shows the movement in the carrying value of the investment property (as shown on asset side of the balance sheet):

| in CHF  Investment  Property Building  Investment  Property  Land Lease  Total  Opening balance at 1 January 2021  32,543,281  1,299,744  33,843,025  Investments  489,094  -  489,094  Disposals  -  -  -  Fair value adjustments including foreign currency effects  616,363  -  4,795  611,568  Foreign exchange translation differences  1,202,993  48,785  1,251,778  Carrying amount at 31 December 2021  34,851,731  1,343,734  36,195,465  Opening balance at 1 January 2022  34,851,731  1,343,734  36,195,465  Investments  893,536  -  893,536  Disposals  -  -  -  Fair value adjustments  -  1,867,304  -  14,306  -  1,881,610  Foreign exchange translation differences  1,457,663  53,509  1,511,172  Carrying amount at 31 December 2022  35,335,626  1,382,937  36,718,563  Carrying amount at 31 December 2021  34,851,731  1,343,734  36,195,465  Carrying amount at 31 December 2022  35,335,626  1,382,937  36,718,563   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table illustrates the impact of movements during the period relating to the investment property on the statement of comprehensive income.

## Fair value adjustments on investment property

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Fair value adjustment on investment property buildings  -  1,867,304  616,363  Fair value adjustment of investment property land lease  -  14,306  -  4,795  Total fair value change on investment property as shown in the income statement  -  1,881,610  611,568   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 15.5.2  The business center

## Description

Petrovsky Fort is a 47,600 square meter Class B office and retail building located at Finlyandsky Prospect 4 in Saint-Petersburg. The building has nine office floors, two retail floors, a large central atrium and two floors for technical equipment. Of net rentable space, 15,328 square meters are on the office floors and 5,815 square meters on the retail floors. The building has an underground parking facility with 118 parking spaces as well as an above-ground car park with 36 parking spaces.

## Vacancies

At 31 December 2022, the vacancy rate (as a percentage of total rentable space in the building) increased to 19% (31 December 2021: vacancy rate of 8%). On the office floors, vacancies increased to 11% (31 December 2021: 1.7%). For the two retail floors, vacancies increased to 41% (31 December 2021: 25%).

The following table shows future gross rental income of signed operating leases at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (for the periods indicated below):

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Next 12 months  1,414,099  2,113,885  12-60 months  379,550  400,040  60 months and later  37,403  32,335  Total  1,831,052  2,546,260   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Value and Valuation Method

At year-end 2022, an independent third-party valuation expert performed a valuation of the investment property, using the yield method (within the income approach) where anticipated future cash flows are converted into the present value ('DCF Valuation'). This approach requires an estimation of the future cashflows and an application of investor yield or return requirements. The net income was capitalised on the basis of an equivalent yield. DMA Valuation LLC ('DMA')(ex JLL valuation team - JLL ceased operations in Russia) performed this valuation, using the DCF Valuation method and key assumptions are set out in the table set out on page 73, note 8 of this annual report.

<!-- image -->

The carrying value of the investment property represents the fair value plus the adjustment for land lease liabilities for rent payments to the city of Saint-Petersburg for the long-term land lease of the  land related to the business center. At 31 December 2022, the valuation was ruble 2.79  billion and the carrying value of the investment CHF 36.72 million (31 December 2021: valuation of 2.86 billion ruble and a carrying value of 36.20 CHF million). The increase in carrying value in Swiss Franc was driven by the increase in the value of the ruble against the Swiss Franc in the reporting period.

Real estate investment property is a long-term asset class and hold periods are usually for longer than 5 years and investment decisions are made with a long-term perspective. During the holding period the underlying economy may accelerate or slow-down markedly for certain periods. At a particular valuation date, even though medium to longer term real estate fundamentals may be attractive, prevailing economic or political conditions could present an unrealistic picture of sustainable future rental rates when comparing current rates to rates that could be achievable over the medium to longer term. The market factors mentioned above are uncertain and may impact on the fair value attributed to this investment, which may differ from the realisable value.

## Net Rental Income

The breakdown of net rental income for 2022 and 2021 is presented below:

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Gross rental income  4,771,216  3,887,515  Operating cost, land lease and tax expenses  -  1,496,996  -  1,194,927  Operating expenses  -  1,01 1,098  - 775,337  Property tax and non-recoverable VAT  -  485,898  - 419,590  Net rental income  3,274,220  2,692,588   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Finance Costs

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  UniCreditbank interest payments  -  491,135  -  512,584  Other interest (land lease interest expenses Petrovsky Fort, others)  -  202,277  -  186,964  Total  -  693,412  -  699,548   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The balance sheet movement on the loan with UniCreditbank is disclosed under note 20.1

<!-- image -->

## 16  Cash and cash equivalents

Comprises cash at bank and in hand and short-term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less.

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Cash at bank and in hand  495,567  579,234  Cash and cash equivalents  495,567  579,234   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17  Accounts receivable and accrued interest

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Loans to Inkonika LLC (Turgenevskaya parking)  3,576,762  3,757,258  Promissory notes and accrued interest to LLC Kaluga Flower Holding  12,552,580  10,968,922  Zaytsevo claim (see note 17.4)  811,417  781,270  Other  242,269  193,356  Total accounts receivable and accrued interest  17,183,028  15,700,806  whereof current assets  242,261  193,356  whereof non-current assets  16,940,767  15,507,450   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17.1  Interest Income

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Interest income from fixed income instruments  -  113,133  Interest income LLC Kaluga Flower Holdings  1,314,798  1,061,917  Interest income - other  7,748  4,668  Interest income  1,322,546  1,179,718   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17.2  Loans to Inkonika LLC - Turgenevskaya parking

The Group has a 50% interest in an associate company, Vestive Limited, who owns the Turgenevskaya parking garage in Moscow (via a wholly owned subsidiary, Inkonika LLC). There are loans to Inkonika LLC which are treated as accounts receivable. On acquisition in 2017, these loans were recognised on the balance sheet at fair value (based on the transaction price paid for the investment in the parking garage). Each reporting period an impairment review is done by management to assess the recoverability of these loans, taking into account the valuation of the parking garage. At year end, a third-party valuation expert DMA performed this valuation and valued 100% of the parking garage at ruble 575 million

<!-- image -->

(31 December 2021: ruble 625.4 million). Following an impairment review, an impairment of CHF 0.24 million was made. The carrying value decreased from CHF 3.76 million at year-end 2021 to CHF 3.58 million (see table in note 17, Accounts receivable and accrued interest).

## 17.3  Promissory notes to LLC Kaluga Flower Holding

The Group has a 50% interest in an associate company, LLC Kaluga Flower Holding (see notes 18.2;18.3; and 31). At 31 December 2022, the Group invested via promissory notes ruble 764.42 million (31 December 2021: ruble 764.42 million) corresponding to CHF 10.76 million at the exchange rates at the time of the investment. There are two promissory notes, one for ruble 61.42 million and the other for ruble 703 million (interest rate: 12% interest; repayment date: 31 December 2031). The promissory notes are recognised on the balance sheet at fair value (amortised cost principle) based on actual ruble value invested. Each reporting period an impairment review is made by Management to assess the recoverability of these promissory notes by considering, inter alia, the future cashflow and equity position of the business. No impairment was required at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: none).

## 17.4  Zaytsevo account receivable

The Group participated in a residential real estate development comprising of free-standing multi-story apartment buildings at Zaytsevo south-west of Moscow. The investment was regulated via an agreement for the participation in shared construction. During late 2019, the developer was placed in liquidation. ENR, who has a mortgage over the land plot where its apartments were to be constructed, successfully registered its claim for what it had invested, together with contractual penalties. This claim is shown as an account receivable. As part of the liquidation process, registered claim holders agreed on an auction process to sell all land plots forming part of the residential real estate development. This process commenced in late 2021, was subsequently halted and restarted again in 2022. In December 2022 a third party made a successful bid at the auction to buy the land plots. However, the bid is subject to the completion of a sale and purchase agreement and liquidation process agreements and formalities which, at year-end, were not yet in place.

For reporting periods an impairment review is made by Management to assess the recoverability of the account receivable. As the sale and purchase agreement and liquidation formalities were not finalised by yearend, no release of an impairment was made in 2022 (no release of impairment in 2021). Due to a stronger ruble against the Swiss Franc at 31 December 2022, the attributable value of the receivable, in Swiss Franc, increased from CHF 0.78 million (31 December 2021) to CHF 0.81 million at year-end 2022 (see note 17, Accounts Receivable and accrued interest).

<!-- image -->

## 18  Other investments accounted under the equity method: Non-current assets

## 18.1  Inkonika LLC  - Turgenevskaya parking garage

In July 2017 the Group acquired its 50% interest in the Turgenevskaya parking garage via its 50% interest in Vestive Limited (see note 17.2). As per the corporate charter and shareholder agreement decisions are made on a joint basis and both shareholders must approve protected shareholder matters. Accordingly, the Group does not fully control Vestive Limited (treated as an associated company and accounted for under the equity method).

## 18.2  LLC Kaluga Flower Holding loans (investment in flower greenhouse complex)

During late 2019 the Group acquired a 50% interest in a joint-venture company, LLC Kaluga Flower Holding, who owns a greenhouse complex for flower production in Russia (135 km south-west of Moscow) . ENR teamed-up with another investor, who owns the remaining 50% interest. As per the corporate charter and shareholder agreement decisions are made on a joint basis and both shareholders must approve protected shareholder matters. Accordingly, the Group does not fully control LLC Kaluga Flower Holding, which is therefore treated as a joint-venture and accounted for under the equity method. The same applies for Florentika Management Company LLC (see note 31).

<!-- image -->

## 18.3  Contribution of associate companies/Consolidated statement of financial position

| in CHF  Florentika Management Company LLC *  LLC Kaluga Flower Holding  Vestive Limited  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Revenue  -  -  18,606,856  8,337,864  520,537  443,595  (Loss) from operations  -  152  -  50  -  4,292,652  - 4,719,723  -  4,518,996  -  625,480  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -                      -  263,698  172,941  Total comprehensive (loss)  -  152  -  50  -  4,292,652  -  4,719,723  -  4,255,298  -  452,539  Current assets  256  256  9,188,019  4,887,620  151,182  156,963  Non-current assets  -  -  19,122,806  16,077,385  7,274,144  7,617,372  Current liabilities  -  -  2,595,480  2,164,116  47,363,718  42,604,272  Non-current liabilities  -  -  39,173,039  28,104,234  -  -  Total shareholder's equity  256  256  -  13,457,693  -  9,303,345  -  39,938,394  -  34,829,937  Share of associate companies for the Group  50%  50%  50%  50%  50%  50%  Shareholder's equity of associated companies  128  128  -  6,728,847  -  4,651,673  -  19,969,197  -  17,414,969  of which recognised in the Group's share of equity  -  -  -  -  -  -  Carrying amount of the investment  128  128  1  1  1  1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Acquired the interest in this company on 27 October 2021.

LLC Kaluga Flower Holdings realised an operational profit in 2022. However, after taking account of the shareholder funding structure and interest on the promissory notes, together with the depreciation of capital assets and bank funding interest, the business reported a net loss. For Florentika Management Company LLC, see note 31. Vestive Limited losses arose due to adverse currency movements in 2022 related to Vestive group loans granted in currencies other than Vestives's functional currency.

## 18.4  Acquisition cost : Equity

| Entity  in CHF  Year of acquisition  Vestive Limited  1  2017  LLC Kaluga Flower Holding  493,516  2019  Florentika Management Company  128  2021   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* At exchange rate at time of acquisition / capital increase

<!-- image -->

## 19  Impairments

The following table illustrates impairments made or released in 2022 and 2021.

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  (Increase of impairment) : re Inkonika LLC (see note 17.2)  -  240,096  -  Total : Impairments  -  240,096  (Release of impairment) : re Inkonika LLC (see note 17.2)  -  319,234  Other : Release of impairments  2,146  -  Total : Release of impairments  2,146  319,234   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20  Liabilities

## 20.1  Loans from bank

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Balance at the end of period - UniCreditbank loan  11,856,030  12,818,424  Quarterly loan repayments  -  375,334  -  408,454  Foreign exchange translation differences  -  570,531  -  553,940  Balance at the end of period - UniCreditbank loan  10,910,165  11,856,030  Banque Cramer - Credit facility  -  8,380  Balance at the end of the period  10,910,165  11,864,410  of which in current liabilities  10,910,165  399,235  of which in non-current liabilities  -  11,465,175   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The loan from UniCreditbank to Stainfield Limited, a wholly owned ENR subsidiary, is a Euro based loan and has an expiry date of 31 December 2023. Key terms: interest rate/margin (per annum) of 4% plus 3 months Euro LIBOR (if negative, then zero); interest payments are made quarterly; amortisation of Euro 0.09 million per quarter. Balance due via a balloon payment in year of loan expiry date. Also see note 29.

-

<!-- image -->

## 20.2  Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses: Current and non-current

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Transterm Holdings Cyprus Ltd (note 15.1 and 15.2)  -  3,048,440  Other creditors *  1,911,952  1,180,550  Balance at the end of the period  1,911,952  4,228,990  whereof current liabilities  1,911,952  4,228,990  whereof non-current liabilities  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* This includes management fees of CHF 0.86 million payable to the Valartis group.

## 20.3  Finance lease liabilities: Non-current

Finance lease liabilities represent the non-current obligation of Petrovsky Fort LLC to make rent payments to the city of Saint-Petersburg for the long term lease of the land under the Petrovsky Fort office center.

The present value of these payments as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are as follows:

in CHF

| 31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Financial lease liabilities Petrovsky Fort: non-current  Financial Lease  1,382,938  1,343,735   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement of finance lease liabilities are shown in the following table:

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Balance at beginning of period  1,343,735  1,299,745  Interest expense  188,184  163,399  Lease payments  -  202,437  -  168,194  Translation differences  53,456  48,785  Balance at the end of the period  1,382,938  1,343,735   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Leases liabilities are repaid over term of the contract and are due as follows as of balance sheet date:

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Sum of future lease payments (nominal value)  Up to 1 year  -  165,655  More than 1 and up to 5 years  853,300  662,621  More than 5 years  4,086,129  4,099,968  Total  4,939,429  4,928,244  Sum of future lease payments (present value)  Up to 1 year  -  5,313  More than 1 and up to 5 years  31,983  28,163  More than 5 years  1,350,955  1,310,259  Total  1,382,938  1,343,735   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

During 2022, operating expenses included a charge of CHF 0.02 million for short-term leases (ENR office rent).

## 20.4  Taxes

## 20.4.1  Deferred tax assets and liabilities

For Petrovsky Fort LLC tax losses incurred in previous years and not utilised in 2022 were recognised as a deferred income tax asset (based on Russian tax legislation and court practice) as it is probable that the losses can be offset against taxable profits. Deferred tax liabilities represent temporary differences resulting from the excess of Petrovsky Fort business centre fair value over its tax value, together with potential tax liabilities which may arise due to changes in Russian tax legislation and court practice.

The following table  shows the movement in deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities:

in CHF

| 01.01.2022  Changes affecting  the income state-  ment  Translation  adjustments  31.12.2022  31.12.2022  Deferred tax assets  Tax loss carried forward  5,379,615  168,317  188,089  5,736,021  Total deferred tax assets  5,379,615  168,317  188,089  5,736,021  Deferred tax liabilities  Investment property (Petrovsky Fort)  6,037,611  -  204,030  256,615  6,090,196  Total deferred tax liabilities  6,037,611  -  204,030  256,615  6,090,196  Deferred tax (liabilities) on balance sheet 31 December (net)  Deferred tax (liabilities)  -  657,996  372,347  -  68,526  -  354,175  01.01.2021  Changes affecting  the income state-  ment  Translation  adjustments  31.12.2021  31.12.2021  Deferred tax assets  Tax loss carried forward  5,214,163  -  30,426  195,878  5,379,615  Total deferred tax assets  5,214,163  -  30,426  195,878  5,379,615  Deferred tax liabilities  Investment property (Petrovsky Fort)  5,586,263  245,691  205,657  6,037,611  Total deferred tax liabilities  5,586,263  245,691  205,657  6,037,611  Deferred tax (liabilities) / assets on balance sheet 31 December (net)  Deferred tax (liabilities) / assets  -  372,100  -  276,1 17  -  9,779  -  657,996   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 20.4.2  Income Tax liabilities shown on the consolidated balance sheet

The table below shows the movement in income tax payable and receivable during the reporting period and the income tax liability at the end of the period.

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Balance at beginning of period  18,930  13,391  Payment during the period  -  1,200  -  23,234  Reversal of provision (net)  19,353  28,773  Balance at the end of the period  37,083  18,930   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20.4.3  Income tax disclosed in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and losses

The table below shows income tax disclosed in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and losses for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Pre-tax (loss) / profit  -  176,752  3,631,768  Expected tax income / (expense)  24,516  -  508,448  Difference between expected and actual tax rate  9,274  145,594  Tax-exempted income  349,329  207,720  Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes  -  126,735  -  128,378  Prior year adjustments  117,612  -  Other effects  -  24,350  -  12,446  Not recognised tax loss carry forward  3,830  -  Income taxes reported in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income  353,476  -  295,958   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The expected income tax rate is based on the ordinary income tax rate at the domicile of the parent company - ENR Russia Invest SA in Geneva, Switzerland.

## 20.5  Provisions

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Position at 1 January  30,035  40,363  Provisions released and credited to income statement  -  32,069  - 12,022  Foreign exchange translation differences  4,875  1,694  Balance at 31 December  2,841  30,035  Maturity of provisions  Within one year  -  More than one year  2,841  30,035   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

-

<!-- image -->

Provisions relate to operational risks. Unnecessary provisions relating to former periods were released in 2022.

## 21  Goodwill

Goodwill arose on the acquisition of the Petrovsky Fort business centre, Saint-Petersburg, Russia via a share deal. IFRS requires the recognition of deferred taxes on a nominal basis, whilst any share transaction in relation to the asset they relate to is based on the market value of these taxes. Any difference is reflected as goodwill. The impairment test compares the accounting value of goodwill and potential tax optimisation at the reporting date. No impairment was required as at 31 December 2022 (2021: no impairment) (see following table).

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Balance at beginning of period  1,666,913  1,606,696  Foreign exchange translation difference  64,322  60,217  Balance at the end of the period  1,731,235  1,666,913   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22  Other current liabilities

| Other current liabilities  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Third party service providers: Petrovsky Fort  58,011  57,853  Other  105,453  121,300  Closing balance  163,464  179,153   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23  Share capital

As of 31 December 2022 the issued and authorised ordinary share capital of the ENR Russia Invest SA was CHF 32.8 million (31 December 2021: CHF 32.8 million), divided into 2'644'402 (31 December 2021: 2'644'402) bearer shares with a par value of CHF 12.40 (31 December 2021: CHF 12.40) each and one voting right per share. There are no restrictions on share transfers. Article 13 of the Company's articles of association contains an 'Opting Out' clause regarding matters dealt with in pursuant to article 135 of the Federal Act on Financial Market Infrastructures and Market Conduct in Securities and Derivatives Trading of 19 June 2015 and waives the requirement to make a public tender offer whenever a shareholder acquires shares exceeding the threshold of 33 1/3 %, conversely 49 %, of the voting rights.

<!-- image -->

## 23.1  Issued capital

| 31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Issued Capital  Number of shares  CHF  Number of shares  CHF  Opening balance  2,644,402  32,790,585  2,644,402  32,790,585  Closing balance  2,644,402  32,790,585  2,644,402  32,790,585   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23.2  Treasury stock

| 31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Number of shares  Weighted average  cost price  Number of shares  Weighted average  cost price  Opening balance  70,168  -  2,370,696  70,168  -  2,370,696  Closing balance  70,168  -  2,370,696  70,168  -  2,370,696   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24  Foreign exchange result

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Exchange profit - other  1,652,111  1,401,331   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, the exchange gain were related mainly to the conversion of assets and liabilities from foreign currencies to Swiss Franc.

## 25  Related Parties and employees

## 25.1  Related Parties

Persons and companies are considered related parties if they could control the Group or can exert a significant influence on operational and financial decisions.

<!-- image -->

The following table provides an overview of transactions with related parties and companies:

in CHF

| 1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Assets  Key Management and relatives  -  Associated companies  16,158,358  14,749,058  Other related entities *  -  Total  16,158,358  14,749,058  Liabilities  Key Management and relatives  -  Associated companies  -  Other related entities *  863,982  162,174  Total  863,982  162,174  Expenses  Key Management and relatives  -  449,750  -  580,231  Associated companies  -  53  Other related entities *  -  855,087  -  742,766  Total  -  1,304,890  -  1,322,997  Income  Key Management and relatives  -  Associated companies  1,340,805  1,061,917  Other related entities *  -  Total  1,340,805  1,061,917   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Valartis Group entites

## 25.2  Management fees

The consolidated financial statements comprise of the financial position of ENR Russia Invest SA, its subsidiaries and associates. Other than consolidated and associated entities disclosed in note 3.1, there is an investment management contract with Valartis International Ltd ('VI'), a wholly owned subsidiary of Valartis Group AG, Fribourg, Switzerland. Under the contract VI receives a management fee in Swiss Francs of 1.5% (plus VAT if applicable) per year based on the consolidated average attributable NAV (adjusted by adding back any outstanding debt issued by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that is convertible into or exchangeable for shares of ENR Group) (also see note 20.2).

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Management fees for the period  -  717,381  -  604,248   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

<!-- image -->

Out-of-pocket expenses incurred by VI in carrying out the investigative and 'due diligence' analysis required in pursuing likely investment opportunities and in monitoring existing investments, based on contractual terms, are paid by the Group. In addition, based on contractual terms, VI is entitled to receive a performance fee equal to 17.5% (plus VAT if applicable) of the total net profits (sale proceeds less acquisition costs and transaction costs) realised by the Group on such investment in the event of a sale, another form of disposal or a refinancing of an investment held by the Group, provided an annual rate of 8% is reached.

The local Moscow branch of VI is appointed by Inkonika LLC, Vestive Limited's subsidiary holding the Turgenevskaya Moscow based parking garage, to perform management services relating to the parking garage (business development, management of tenant agreements; property administration and commercialisation, legal support, local accounting, financial and cash management, budgeting and preparation of monthly reports). For this a fee of ruble 3.94 million (VAT exclusive) was paid in 2022. The local Moscow branch of VI and Valartis Advisory Services were appointed by Petrovsky Fort LLC to provide property management services relating to the Petrovsky Fort building (for example, business development, management of tenant agreements; third party broker agreements, property administration and commercialisation, legal support, local accounting, financial and cash management, budgeting and preparation of monthly feedback reports). For this an aggregate property management fee of USD 0.17 million per year (VAT exclusive) is paid. Stainfield Limited to who Unicreditbank advanced loan funding for the Petrovsky Fort business centre, also appointed VI to perform specific services with respect to servicing the UniCreditbank relationship. For this a fee of Euro 0.08 million per annum (VAT exclusive) is paid. The services rendered under the aforementioned contracts relate to the management of the Petrovsky Fort asset and the Turgenevskaya Moscow based parking garage (as opposed to investment management services rendered under the general investment management contract) and these fees are payable in addition to fees paid under the general investment management contract. Valartis International Ltd, (Moscow branch) also provides accounting support to LLC Kaluga Flower Holding, for which ruble 6.68 million was paid in 2022.

Mr. Gustav Stenbolt is a board member of both ENR and Valartis Group AG and did not take part in the decisions involving the property management contracts.

<!-- image -->

## 25.3  Directors' fees

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Gustav Stenbolt  -  50,000  -  100,000  Walter Fetscherin  -  25,000  -  50,000  Total  -  75,000  -  150,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At year-end, Dr. Walter Fetscherin owned 100 shares in ENR Russia Invest SA and Mr Gustav Stenbolt indirectly held 719'175 shares in the company.

## 25.4  Employee remuneration

## 25.4.1  Remuneration

The information presented in the table below includes aggregate remuneration for all Group employees in Switzerland and in Russia.

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Salaries  -  605,588  -  595,049  Social security benefits  -  88,526  -  102,284  Contributions to occupational pension plans  -  42,662  -  45,701  Other personnel expense  18,208  20,172  Total  -  718,568  -  722,862   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Reversal of untaken leave provisions.

## 25.4.2  Staff Pension Plan

Although contributions are paid by the employer and employees in the case of the Swiss pension plan (the Company has a contract with Swiss Life Collective Foundation), the plan is considered to be a defined benefit plan owing to the guaranteed interest rate and prescribed conversion rate. With a single Swiss employee, the obligations or assets in respect of the defined benefit plan are not material and, consequently, there are no balance sheet obligations or assets in respect of this pension plan. There is no employee pension plan for the Russian based employees. In 2022 the Company contributed CHF 0.04 million (2021 : CHF 0.04 million) as pension fund contributions to the pension fund in respect of the participating employee.

<!-- image -->

## 25.5  Significant shareholders as of 31 December 2022

Valartis Group and Valartis AG jointly own 63.22% (1'627'544 shares) of the outstanding share capital (issued shares minus treasury shares) of the Company. Athris Ltd owns 33.76% (892'703 shares) of the outstanding share capital (issued shares minus treasury shares) of the Company.

## 25.6  Other

Gustav Stenbolt, via MCG Holding SA, is the majority shareholder of the Valartis Group AG and he is a member of the Group's Board of Directors.

## 26  Audit Fees

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Audit fees  - 120,092  - 100,500   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Audit fees represent the fees and expenses accrued to BDO Ltd and other auditors in relation to the Group's audit.

## 27 Other expense items

## 27.1  Professional Fees

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Property management fees : Petrovsky Fort LLC  - 299,242  - 290,128  Other professional fees  - 124,318  - 125,699  Total  -  423,560  -  415,827   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other professional fees comprise mainly of fees paid to entities supporting the Group's outsourced accounting functions as well as human resources functions and work done for Group subsidiaries.

<!-- image -->

## 27.2  Legal Fees

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Legal and tax advice  - 31,995  - 51,350  Total  -  31,995  -  51,350   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The majority of legal fees relate to the Zaytsevo matter (see note 17.4) and matters relating to Petrovsky Fort and the group's other private equity investments.

## 27.3  Other Expenses

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Other expenses  -  76,713  -  95,445   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other expenses relate mainly to projects at Petrovsky Fort LLC.

## 27.4  Information technology

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Information technology  -  44,142  -  50,612   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These fees relate to payments for Bloomberg services and maintenance and support of ENR's information technology infrastructure.

## 27.5  Administrative Fees

| in CHF  1.1.-31.12.2022  1.1.-31.12.2021  Administrative costs  -  31,480  -  45,163   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Administrative fees relate mainly to direct and indirect costs to maintain the listing on SIX Swiss Exchange as well as the Group's subsidiaries administrative management.

<!-- image -->

## 28  Segment reporting

Since the Company only has one sector of business activity and one geographical sector, the breakdown by segment does not apply.

## 29    Assets pledged or assigned to secure own liabilities, blocked assets and guarantees.

| in CHF  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Estimated market value  Effective  commitment  Estimated market value  Effective  commitment  Cash and cash equivalent  4,211  -  24  -  Investments at fair value through profit or loss  151,368  -  -  -  Investment property (Petrovsky Fort)  36,718,563  10,910,165  34,851,731  11,864,410  Accounts receivable and accrued interest Other assets  11,772,976  -  10,654,370  -  Total  48,647,118  10,910,165  45,506,125  11,864,410   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 December 2022, Petrovsky Fort LLC registered a mortgage on the building, serving as part of the collateral package for the loan from UniCreditbank. As of 31 December 2022, ENR provided a guarantee in favour of UniCreditbank for to their loan (see note 20.1) to Stainfield Limited towards the Petrovsky Fort business center (payment of unpaid indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of Petrovsky Fort LLC for taxes payable in respect of the investment property). ENR also provided a guarantee of up to Euro 0.7 million in respect of the obligations of Stainfield Limited, a wholly owned Group subsidiary and borrower of the bank loan. Collateral provided to the bank in respect of this loan includes a pledge of shares of Stainfield Limited and Romsay Properties Limited; a pledge of the participatory interests in Petrovsky Fort LLC; a mortgage of the Petrovsky Fort LLC premises; a pledge over lease rights and movables and the subordination of inter-company loans. Other assets (see previous table) represent promissory notes (see note 17.3) re LLC Kaluga Flower Holding pledged to its bank.

<!-- image -->

## 30  Risk assessment

An extensive overview of the risk factors that the Group is faced with is included separately in the annual report. The Board assesses the potential impact of these risk factors on the financial performance of the Group and implements risk management policies accordingly. Certain risk factors, e.g. portfolio concentration and hedging policies regarding currency exposure, are dealt with in the investment guidelines, which provide the general framework under which the Group's operations are carried out. The Board also adopted organisational regulations according to which day-to-day management and operations of the Company are delegated to the chief executive officer. The Board performs a review of the potential risk factors, including those that arise from the accounting and financial reporting and assess their potential impact on the Group's operations no less frequently than annually. Throughout the internal control system framework on financial reporting relevant control measures are defined, which reduce the financial risk. Should the risk environment change substantially, measures are taken on the level of the Board to alleviate such risks, including updating relevant risk management policies.

## 31  Acquisitions and effects

- 31.1  Acquisition done in the current period - None.

## 31.2  Acquisition done in former period

During the last quarter of 2021, ENR Investment Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of ENR, acquired a 50% interest in Florentika Management Company LLC ("FMC") for ruble 10'000. FMC was established to act as the corporate general director of LLC Kaluga Flower Holding ("KFH") in Russia.

In 2019 and 2020, ENR Investment Limited invested a total of ruble 706 million (CHF 10.17 million at exchange rates at time of investments) in KFH. In 2021, ENR Investment invested a further ruble 90.4 million (CHF 1.08 million at exchange rates at time of investments) in KFH. The investments are made via promissory notes and equity.

## 32  Subsequent events

None

113

<!-- image -->

## Independent Auditor's Report

<!-- image -->

Phone +41 22 322 24 24 www.bdo.ch geneve@bdo.ch

## STATUTORY AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the General meeting of ENR Russia Invest SA, Geneva

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of ENR Russia Invest SA  (the Company) - which comprise the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the income statement for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion the financial statements (pages 117 to 123) comply with Swiss law and the Company's articles of incorporation.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law  and Swiss Standards on Auditing (SA-CH). Our responsibilities  under  those  provisions  and  standards  are  further  described  in  the  "Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements" section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the requirements of the Swiss audit profession, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

BDO Ltd, a limited company under Swiss law, incorporated in Zurich, forms part of the international BDO Network of independent member firms.

BDO Ltd Rte de Meyrin 123 P.O. Box 150 1215 Geneva 15

<!-- image -->

Key Audit Matter

Phone +41 22 322 24 24 www.bdo.ch geneve@bdo.ch

BDO Ltd Rte de Meyrin 123 P.O. Box 150 1215 Geneva 15

How the Key Audit Matter was addressed in the audit

## Existence and valuation of participations

As at 31 December 202 2,  the  Company  shows participations  in  its  financial  statements  with  a total value of CHF 12 ,200,617. These participations are accounted for at the lower of acquisition costs and net realisable value according to the principle of individual valuation. A potential impairment loss is determined by comparing the book value with the net asset value.

This  position  represents  25.5  percent  of  total assets as of the balance sheet date and was therefore, in our opinion, of particular importance.

Details of the Company's participations are described in Note 3 to the financial statements of ENR Russia Invest SA as at 31 December 2022.

## Valuation of short term loans to subsidiaries

As at 31 December 2022, the Company shows short term loans to subsidiaries in its financial statements with a total value of CHF 34,728,843. Short term loans to subsidiaries are accounted for at the lower of nominal value and net re alisable value  according  to  the  principle  of  individual valuation.

This  position  represents  72.7  percent  of  total assets as of the balance sheet date and was therefore, in our opinion, of particular importance.

## Other Information

The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information  included  in  the  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the  financial  statements,  the consolidated financial statements, the compensation report and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the  other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.  If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material misstatement of this other information,we are required to report that fact.  We have nothing to report in this regard.

We tested the existence of the participations recognised as of the bal ance sheet date by matching them with the shareholders registers of the respective companies.

We assessed the valuation based on a net asset value analysis of the most recent annual financial statements  of  the  respective  companies  that  were included  in our audit work  on  the consolidated financial  statements  of  the  Group.  We  analysed whether the net asset value was lower than the cost of acquisition.

In  the  event  of  any  changes  in  the  value  of  the investments,  we  have  also  examined  whether  these changes are correctly reflected in the income statement.

Furthermore, we assessed the presentation and disclosures  in  the  statutory  financial  statements  of ENR Russia Invest SA as at 31 December 2022.

We assessed the valuation based on an analysis of the most recent annual financial statements of the respective companies that were included in our audit work on the consolidated financial statements of the Group  and  concluded  whether  each  subsidiary  can repay the open balance.

In the event of any changes in the value of the loans, we have examined whether these changes are correctly reflected in the balance sheet or the income statement.

We also assessed the presentation and disclosures in the statutory financial statements of ENR Russia Invest SA as at 31 December 2022.

<!-- image -->

## Independent Auditor's Report

<!-- image -->

Phone +41 22 322 24 24 www.bdo.ch geneve@bdo.ch

## Responsibilities of the Board of Directors for the Financial Statements

The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the Company's articles of incorporation, and for such internal control  as  the  Board  of  Directors  determines  is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of  financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  financial  statements,  the  Board  of  Directors is  responsible  for  assessing  the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with  Swiss  law  and  SA-CH  will  always  detect  a  material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,  individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A  further  description  of  the  auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  financial  statements  is located  at  EXPERTsuisse's  website  at:  https://www.expertsuisse.ch/en/audit-report-for-ordinaryaudits. This description forms part of our auditor's report.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In accordance with Art. 728a para. 1 item 3 CO and PS -CH 890, we confirm that an internal control system exists, which has been designed for the preparation of financial statements according to the instructions of the Board of Directors.

We further confirm that the proposed appropriation of available earnings complies with Swiss law and the Company's articles of incorporation. We recommend that the financial statements submitted to you be approved.

Geneva, 3 April 2023

BDO Ltd

Nigel Le Masurier Licensed audit expert Auditor in Charge

<!-- image -->

Olivier Griot Licensed audit expert

<!-- image -->

BDO Ltd, a limited company under Swiss law, incorporated in Zurich, forms part of the international BDO Network of independen t member firms.

BDO Ltd Rte de Meyrin 123 P.O. Box 150 1215 Geneva 15

<!-- image -->

## Parent Company balance sheet

(Currency-CHF)

| Note  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Assets  Current Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  39,242  1,990  Short term receivables from third parties  9,739  4,389  Short term loans to subsidiaries  34,728,843  35,021,470  Accrued income and prepaid expenses to subsidiaries  819,969  498,910  Total current assets  35,597,793  35,526,759  Non-current Assets  Participations  3  12,200,617  12,200,617  Total non-current assets  12,200,617  12,200,617  Total assets  47,798,410  47,727,376  Liabilities &amp; Shareholders' equity  Short term liabilities  Accounts payable  2,107  12,737  Short term liabilities third parties  94,013  29,017  Accrued expenses and differed income  144,604  160,349  Total short term liabilities  240,724  202,103  Total liabilities  240,724  202,103  Shareholders' equity  Share capital  4  32,790,585  32,790,585  Legal retained earnings  Capital reserve - share premium  17,125,197  17,125,197  Voluntary retained earnings  (Loss) brought forward  -  19,813  -  197,146  Profit for the year  32,413  177,333  Treasury shares  5  -  2,370,696  -  2,370,696  Total shareholders' equity  47,557,686  47,525,273  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  47,798,410  47,727,376   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Parent Company income statement

(Currency-CHF)

| Notes  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  Income  Financial income  6  693,007  1,038,940  Total income  693,007  1,038,940  Expenses  Directors' fees and expenses  7  -  78,037  -  150,000  Personnel expenditure  8  -  395,569  -  454,832  Other operating expenses  9  -  263,722  -  314,031  Financial expenses  10  -  2,629  -  2,471  Total expenses  -  739,957  -  921,334  Result of the year before extraordinary and out of period income and taxes  -  46,950  117,606  Extraordinary income  11  80,717  61,387  Extraordinary expenses  12  -  -  603  Profit before tax  33,767  178,390  Taxes  -  1,354  -  1,057  Profit for the year  32,413  177,333   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the financial statements

## 1. General information

## Company, legal form and domicile

ENR Russia Invest SA, (hereafter "the Company") is domiciled rue du Rhône 118, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland. The Company identification number (UID) is CHE-113.649.972.

## Number of full time employees

The number of full time employees do not exceed 10 employees in the current and former period.

## 2. Accounting principles

<!-- image -->

## General information of the accounting principles

These financial statements were prepared according to the provision of the Swiss Code of Obligations (art. 959 ff). All amounts are disclosed in CHF unless expressed otherwise.

## Information of exchange rates

The functional currency is Swiss franc (CHF). The assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated into Swiss franc at the respective rates on the balance sheet date.

For the income statement, annual average exchange rates are used.

| 31.12.2022  31.12.2022  31.12.2021  31.12.2021  Balance Sheet  date rates  Annual average  rates  Balance Sheet  date rates  Annual average  rates  EUR/CHF  0.9839  1.0022  1.0339  1.0798  USD/CHF  0.9233  0.9537  0.9127  0.9137  CHF/RUB  79.0514  69.8934  82.1018  80.8625   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Treasury Shares

Treasury shares are recognised at acquisition cost and deducted from shareholder's equity at the time of acquisition. In case of a resale, the gain or loss is recognised through the income statement as financial income or financial expenses.

## Cashflow statement and additional disclosures in notes

As the Company has prepared its consolidated financial statements in accordance with a recognised accounting standard (IFRS), it has waved the disclosures in the notes on auditing fees as well as the presentation of a cash flow statement in accordance with the statutory provisions.

## Short term loan to subsidiaries

Short term loans to subsidiaries are presented including accrued interests. All of these loans are reimbursable on demand.

<!-- image -->

## 3. Participations

| Nominal value  Nominal value  of share capital  % Owner ship  of share capital  % Owner ship  Name of subsidiary  Incorporated in  Currency  2022  /  Voting  Currency  2,021  /  Voting  ENR Investment Limited  Limassol, Cyprus  EUR  6,576,660  100.00%  EUR  6,576,660  100.00%  ENR Private Equity Limited  Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands  USD  500  100.00%  USD  500  100.00%  ENR Development LLC  Saint Petersburg, Russia  RUB  15,535,100  100.00%  RUB  15,535,100  100.00%  Stainfield Limited  Limassol, Cyprus  EUR  3,420  100.00%  EUR  3,420  100.00%  Romsay Properties Limited  Limassol, Cyprus  EUR  1,710  100.00%  EUR  1,710  100.00%  Petrovsky Fort LLC  Saint Petersburg, Russia  RUB  18,000  100.00%  RUB  18,000  100.00%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Share capital

As of 31 December 2022 the issued ordinary share capital of the Company was CHF 32.8 million (31 December 2021: CHF 32.8 million), divided into 2'644'402 (31 December 2021: 2'644'402) bearer shares with a nominal value of CHF 12.40 (31 December 2021: CHF 12.40) each and one voting right per share. There are no restrictions on share transfers. In addition, article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association provides for a conditional capital pursuant to which the Company's share capital may be increased by the exercise of option or conversion rights up to a maximum amount of CHF 9'985'806.80 through the issue of a maximum of 805'307 bearer shares of nominal value of CHF 12.40 each

## 5. Treasury Shares

| 31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Number of shares  Weighted average  cost price  Number of shares  Weighted average  cost price  Opening balance  70,168  2,370,696  70,168  2,370,696  Purchase of treasury shares  -  -  -  -  Closing balance  70,168  2,370,696  70,168  2,370,696   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Financial Income

| in CHF  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  Interest income from subsidiaries  527,769  500,439  Foreign exchange differences  165,238  538,501  Total  693,007  1,038,940   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 7. Directors' fees and expenses

| in CHF  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  Gustav Stenbolt  -  52,523  -  100,000  Walter Fetscherin  -  25,514  -  50,000  Total  -  78,037  -  150,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Personnel expenditure

| in CHF  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  Salaries  -  317,500  -  350,000  Social security expenses *  -  35,407  -  59,131  Contributions to pension plans  -  42,662  -  45,701  Other personnel expense  -  -  Total  -  395,569  -  454,832   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Includes social security contributions to board members of CHF 7'591 in 2022 (2021: CHF 16'681)

## 9. Other operating expenses

| in CHF  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  Accounting, rent and administration fees  -  125,705  -  125,705  Legal and tax advice  -  18,907  -  7,372  Audit fees  -  60,000  -  100,500  Travel expenses  -  14,716  -  21,015  Other general and administration expenses  -  44,394  -  59,439  Total  -  263,722  -  314,031   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. Financial Expense

| in CHF  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  Bank charges  -  2,629  -  2,471  Total  -  2,629  -  2,471   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 11. Extraordinary Income

| in CHF  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  Adjustment of former period's accruals  56,861  36,786  Change in leave provisions  23,856  24,601  Total  80,717  61,387   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. Extraordinary Expenses

| in CHF  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  Ajdustment of former period accruals  -  -  603  Total  -  -  603   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. Significant shareholders

Valartis Group AG and Valartis AG jointly own 63.22% (1'627'544 shares) of the outstanding share capital (issued shares minus treasury shares) of the Company. Athris AG 33.76% (892'703 shares) of the outstanding share capital (issued shares minus treasury shares) of the Company.

## 14. Share capital owned by Management and members of the Board of Directors

| 31.12.2022  31.12.2021  Number of shares  Number of shares  Board of Directors  Gustav Stenbolt *  719,175  728,155  Walter Fetscherin  100  100  Total  719,275  728,255  Management  Ben de Bruyn  -  -  Total  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Held indirectly

There is no share based payment plan for the management and for the members of the Board of Directors.

<!-- image -->

## 15. Liabilities toward pension schemes

As of 31 December 2022, there are no payables toward the pension scheme (31 December 2021: CHF none).

## 16. Subsequent events

None

## Proposal of the board of directors to the general meeting of shareholders

The board of directors will submit the following proposal to the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 23 May 2023 in respect of the distribution of retained earnings.

-

-

| in CHF  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  (Loss) brought forward  -  19,813  -  197,146  Net profit  32,413  177,333  Retained earnings available for the General Meeting of shareholders  12,600  -  19,813  Allocation to the Statutory Retained Earnings  -  630  Gain / (Loss) to be carried forward  11,970  -  19,813  Dividend per bearer share entitled to dividend payments  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Compensation Report

## Compensation Report

## 1. Employees

ENR Russia Invest SA ('ENR') has one employee in Switzerland, being its Chief Executive Officer ('CEO').

## 2. Architecture and governance when determining compensation

The board of directors ('Board') has overall responsibility for ENR's compensation policy. According to article 33, section 5 of the ENR articles, the Board determines in the organisational rules:

- (i) for which functions of the Board and the management the compensation committee shall present motions to the board; and
- (ii) for which functions the compensation committee shall determine the compensation itself.

Section 2 of article 3.4 of the ENR organisational rules provides that: "The organisation as well as the powers and duties of the compensation committee are governed by the charter for the compensation committee of the board of directors which is adopted by the board of directors in line with article 33 of the articles of association."

Pursuant to article 3.2 of the organisational rules the Board has non-transferable powers according to the law, in particular article 716a par. 1 Swiss Code of Obligations.

The compensation committee will present motions in respect of compensation to the Board (as opposed to determine the compensation itself) and the Board will then make a final determination on the compensation, and for defining key parameters, including the size of a bonus pool for ENR employees and for the remuneration of the Chairman of the Board ('Chairman') (where the Chairman nor the CEO, where applicable, is present during the discussion of items on the agenda that relate to them), as well as the remuneration of the other members of the Board, the CEO and any other future members of the executive management.

## 3. Compensation components

Compensation comprises a fixed and a variable component. The variable component (bonus) represents a short-term retrospective performance incentive and takes account of, inter alia, an individual's contribution with respect to new investments made by ENR; development and overall management of cur-

<!-- image -->

rent investments; sourcing of new transactions; other actions taken to further ENR's investment objectives; overall management performance and the ENR's financial results. There are currently no long term prospective incentive components such as ENR share ownership or option plans.

## 4. Frequency of reviews

The compensation system is discussed by the compensation committee on an annual basis and the compensation committee will also meet up as required as set out in the compensation charter.

## 5. Compensation awarded to the Board and Chief Executive Officer

## Board

The compensation of the Chairman, who does not work for ENR on a full time basis, comprise of a fixed cash amount payable in equal amounts on a quarterly basis . Variable compensation may be paid from time to time to the Chairman if so determined by the Board. The Chairman does not participate in a long term prospective incentive program via share ownership or option plans. When determining the Chairman's compensation, strategic, regulatory and business criteria are applied, taking account of the interests of all stakeholders. The compensation of other directors does not receive any compensation nor participate in any long term prospective incentive program via share ownership or option plans, consist of a fixed cash amount payable in equal amounts on a quarterly basis. Directors' variable compensation may be paid from time to time if deemed appropriate by the Board. When determining the compensation of directors, their strategic, regulatory and/or commercial contributions or potential contributions are considered, taking account of interests of stakeholders.

## CEO

The compensation of the CEO, who works for ENR on a full time basis, comprises of a fixed amount payable in cash in equal amounts as a salary on a monthly basis and a variable compensation (bonus) that is determined each year by the Board and takes the form of a cash payment. The bonus evaluation is not based on a specific formula or on fixed weighting criteria. Instead, various factors such as those mentioned in 3 above are taken into account by the compensation committee in determining its recommendation to the Board. The CEO does not participate in a long term prospective incentive program via share ownership or option plans. When determining the CEO's compensation, strategic, regulatory and business criteria are applied, taking account of the interests of all stakeholders. ENR pays the CEO's salary in 12 instalments on a pro rata basis. ENR also pays half of the required regulatory contributions towards Old Age and Survivors Insurance; Disability Insurance; Allowance for Loss of Earnings Insur-

<!-- image -->

ance; Maternity Insurance; Unemployment Insurance and any other social contributions required by law. ENR, on a monthly basis, deducts from the CEO's gross salary contributions made by the CEO to these social insurances. The monthly contributions of CEO and ENR to the pension plan and the benefits for the CEO under the pension plan are determined by the rules and regulations applicable to the pension plan. ENR's contributions to the pension plan are 60% and the CEO's contributions 40%. ENR deducts the CEO's contributions from the gross salary on a monthly basis and pays same towards the pension plan.

## Other employees

The Group has 13 employees in Russia via a Russian subsidiary LLC Petrovsky Fort and 5 employees via a Russian subsidiary LLC ENR Development. The compensation of these staff members, the majority who works on a full time basis, comprises of a fixed amount payable in cash in equal amounts as a salary on a monthly basis. These employees do not participate in any long term prospective incentive program via share ownership or option plans. When determining the salaries of these employees comparable market rates are applied.

## Notice periods, severance agreements and change of control

The notice period in the CEO's employment contract is six months. The contract with the CEO does not contain any clauses relating to severance payments, nor for any agreements in the case of corporate control (i.e. change of control clauses).

## 6. Compensation paid by ENR in 2022 (audited)

## Compensation to ENR employees

Mr. Ben de Bruyn is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The following table illustrates the remuneration of Mr. Ben de Bruyn, who is the only Swiss based employee of the company.

## Personnel expense (CEO)

| in CHF (audited)  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  Salary  317,500  350,000  Social security expenses  26,419  28,972  Contributions to pension plans  42,662  45,701  Other personnel expense (Insurances - LAA)  4,434  5,138  Total  391,015  429,811   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Compensation is recognised in the financial year in which it is accrued. Accordingly, it is reported to the accrual principle.

Although contributions are paid by the employer and employees in the case of the Swiss pension plan, the plan is considered to be a defined benefit plan owing to the guaranteed interest rate and prescribed conversion rate. With a single Swiss employee, the obligations or assets in respect of the defined benefit plan are not material and, consequently there are no balance sheet obligations or assets in respect of this pension plan. There are no employee pension plans for the Russian based employees of Petrovsky Fort LLC and LLC ENR Development.

## Board of Directors

In the 2022 financial year, the Board of ENR mainly supported the CEO in the area of strategic business development and with the further development of process tools that are of supervisory relevance, as well as the implementation of ENR's risk policy.

## ENR Russia Invest SA board member remuneration (including social security benefits)

| in CHF (audited)  01.01 - 31.12.2022  01.01 - 31.12.2021  G. Stenbolt (Chairman of the Board of Directors)  50,000  100,000  W. Fetscherin (Member of the Board of Directors)  25,000  50,000  Social security benefits  7,591  25,021  Total  82,591  175,021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further to board fees mentioned in the table above which represents the aggregate amount paid to Mr. Stenbolt and Mr. Fetscherin in 2022, there were no variable compensation; compensation paid in shares nor other compensation paid to board members.

Loans to Board members, CEO or other staff:

None.

<!-- image -->

## Report of the statutory auditor on the compensation report

<!-- image -->

Phone +41 22 322 24 24 www.bdo.ch geneve@bdo.ch

## REPORT OF THE STATUTORY AUDITOR

To the General meeting of ENR Russia Invest SA, Geneva

## Report on the Audit of the Compensation Report

## Opinion

We have audited the Compensation Report of ENR Russia Invest SA (the Company) for the year ended 31 December 2022. The audit was limited to the information on remuneration, loans and advances pursuant to Art. 14-16 of the Ordinance against Excessive Remuneration in Listed Companies Limited (Verordnung  gegen  übermässige Vergütungen  bei  börsenkotierten  Aktiengesellschaften,  VegüV)  by Shares in the tables marked «audited» on pages 124 to 127 of the Compensation Report.

In our opinion, the information on remuneration, loans and advances in the Compensation Report (pages 124 to 127) complies with Swiss law and Art. 14-16 ORAb.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Swiss law and Swiss Standards on Auditing (SA-CH). Our responsibilities  under  those  provisions  and  standards  are  further  described  in  the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Compensation Report section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the requirements of the Swiss audit profession, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Other Information

The Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the tables marked «audited» in the Compensation Report, the consolidated financial statements, the stand-alone financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the Compensation Report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit of  the  Compensation  Report, our  responsibility  is to  read  the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the audited financial information in the Compensation Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Board of Directors' Responsibilities for the Compensation Report

The Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of a Compensation Report in accordance with the provisions of Swiss law and the Company's articles of incorporation, and for such internal control as the Board of Directors determines is necessary to enable the preparation of a Compensation Report that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The Board of Directors is  also  responsible  for  designing  the  remuneration  system  and  defining  individual  remuneration packages.

BDO Ltd Rte de Meyrin 123 P.O. Box 150 1215 Geneva 15

<!-- image -->

Phone +41 22 322 24 24 www.bdo.ch geneve@bdo.ch

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Compensation Report

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the information on remuneration, loans and advances pursuant to Art. 14-16 ORAb is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Swiss law and SA-CH will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this Compensation Report.

As part of an audit in accordance with Swiss law and SA-CH, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement in the Compensation Report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made.

We communicate  with  the  Board  of  Directors  or  its  relevant  committee  regarding,  among  other matters,  the  planned  scope  and  timing  of  the  audit  and  significant  audit  findings,  including  any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Board of Directors or its relevant committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

## Geneva, 3 April 2023

BDO Ltd

Nigel Le Masurier Licensed audit expert Auditor in Charge

<!-- image -->

BDO Ltd Rte de Meyrin 123 P.O. Box 150 1215 Geneva 15

Olivier Griot Licensed audit expert

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Investment Guidelines

<!-- image -->

131

<!-- image -->

## Investment Guidelines

## 1.  Investment Objective

To invest in private and public companies across different industry sectors as well as the real estate sector and to do so predominately in Russia and other Commonwealth of Independent States countries and in the Baltic States and to manage the asset portfolio to achieve long term capital appreciation on invested capital.

## 2.  Investment Policy

The investment philosophy is growth-oriented and the focus is primarily on longer term strategies  and  capital  appreciation.  However,  from time to time there may be certain investments which have a shorter investment horizon, reflecting specific opportunities or taking account of prevailing market conditions. At times the asset portfolio may comprise entirely of cash or cash equivalents.

## 3.  Investment Instruments

Investments will be done primarily through equity and/or equity related and/or debt instruments or derivatives instruments.

Where capital resources have not been not fully invested, same may be invested in a range of investment products, money market instruments, investment instruments issued by governments, financial institutions or companies, denominated in the currency of the country where investments are made or in any freely convertible currency. The

Company may take temporary defensive positions if the investment manager determines that opportunities for capital appreciation are limited or that significant diminutions in value may occur.

From time to time all or part of risks associated with investments may be hedged through the defensive use of derivative transactions, including, but not limited to, futures, options, swaps or any combination thereof.

From time to time leverage may be used in a manner commensurate with reasonable risk management to achieve investment objectives.

## 4.  Investment Process and Factors considered

While investment criteria may vary depending upon the type of transaction, factors taken into consideration when analysing potential investments include:

- Attractive valuations and purchase prices;
-  Strength, depth and commitment of the management team;
- Existence of a coherent and realistic long term business plan;
- Relevant asset values;
- Corporate governance issues;
- Identifiable exit strategies;
-  Risk management; and
- Active post-acquisition investment approach.

Investment opportunities will be identified and analysed by the investment manager or its del-

egates or agents within the framework of the investment guidelines. The investment manager or  its  delegates  or  agents  will  manage  the screening process and, inter alia, conduct interviews with management and owners with the objective of aligning differing interests. The investment manager's responsibilities include valuations, market analyses, competition analyses, debt capacity calculations, bid tactics, tax optimizing holding structures, financing structures, raising of debt finance, management incentives, personnel  reinforcements  required,  due  diligence processes and the intended exit strategy. Day-to-day investment decisions will be made by  the  investment  committee  in  accordance with the investment guidelines, as determined by the board of directors.

## 5.  Amendments

The investment guidelines may be amended by the board of directors at any time, in whole or in part. Amendments will become effective upon their approval by the board of directors (after expiry of any notice period for regulatory publications which may be required). The Company may from time to time impose further investment restrictions, compatible with or in the interest of investors, or, in certain circumstances, in order to comply with relevant country laws and regulations.

Updated with effect 26 November 2016.

<!-- image -->

## Shareholder Information and Corporate Details

## Board of Directors

Gustav Stenbolt Walter Fetscherin

Chief Executive Officer Ben de Bruyn

## Domicile

ENR Russia Invest SA 118 Rue due Rhone 1204 Geneva Switzerland

## Auditors

BDO SA Rte de Meyrin 123 - CP 150 1215 Genève Switzerland

## Investment Manager

Valartis International Limited c/o Hauteville Trust (BVI) Limited Maduro Building, Baughers Bay Tortola, British Virgin Islands

Security Number 3447695

ISIN Number

CH0034476959

Ticker Symbol

RUS

Company Website

www.enr.ch

## Imprint

ENR Russia Invest SA, Geneva, Switzerland

Realisation and printing Graphic Services SA, Oron-la-Ville, Switzerland

<!-- image -->

## www.enr.ch

ENR Russia Invest SA Investor Relations Rue du Rhône  118 1204 Geneva 3 | Switzerland Tel: +41 22 510 2626

<!-- image -->